-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GRHzz5j8a3WSJ+a4sqa0rQK6LaG6y0oQ6MkzrLsT0qGl55Hq+plI+rhuH3dCS8Gy
 Q6gONPKwbeKKmoqQWop1oA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950137-97-000967.txt : 19970312
<SEC-HEADER>0000950137-97-000967.hdr.sgml : 19970312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-97-000967
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19961231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970311
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				363857664
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11718
		FILM NUMBER:		97554658

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO N RIVERSIDE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3124741122
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

           [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                  For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1996

                                       or

         [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


                        Commission File Number:  1-11718

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


            MARYLAND                                   
(State or other jurisdiction of                         36-3857664
incorporation or organization)              (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 800, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS         60606
      (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)


                                 (312) 474-1122
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common Stock, $.01 Par Value                     The New York Stock Exchange
      (Title of Class)                    (Name of exchange on which registered)


       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None



Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes[X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ ]

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates was
approximately $554.7 million as of February 14, 1997 based upon the closing
price of $23.375 on such date using beneficial ownership of stock rules adopted
pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exclude voting
stock owned by Directors and Officers, some of whom may not be held to be
affiliates upon judicial determination.

At February 14, 1997, 24,995,278 shares of the Registrant's Common Stock were
outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Part III incorporates by reference the Registrant's Proxy Statement relating to
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 13, 1997.



<PAGE>   2


                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.




                               TABLE OF CONTENTS



<TABLE>
<S>           <C>                                                                                    <C>
PART I.                                                                                              Page
                                                                                                     ----

    Item 1.   Business..................................................................................3
    Item 2.   Properties................................................................................7
    Item 3.   Legal Proceedings........................................................................12
    Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders......................................13


PART II.

    Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters................14
    Item 6.   Selected Financial Data and Operating Information........................................14
    Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations....17
    Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..............................................22
    Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.....22


PART III.

    Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.......................................22
    Item 11.  Executive Compensation...................................................................22
    Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management...........................22
    Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions...........................................22


PART IV.

    Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K........................23
</TABLE>



                                       2


<PAGE>   3


                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS
                                  THE COMPANY

GENERAL

     Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. (together with its consolidated
subsidiaries, the "Company")  is a fully integrated company which owns and
operates manufactured home communities.  Manufactured home communities are
residential developments designed and improved for the placement of detached,
single-family manufactured homes which are produced off-site and installed
within the community.  The owner of each home leases the site on which it is
located. Modern manufactured home communities are similar to typical
residential subdivisions containing centralized entrances, paved streets, curbs
and gutters and parkways.  In addition, these communities often provide a
clubhouse for social activities and recreation and other amenities, which may
include swimming pools, shuffleboard courts, tennis courts, laundry facilities
and cable television service.  Utilities are provided or arranged for by the
owner of the community.  Some communities provide water and sewer service
through public or private utilities, while others provide these services to
residents from on-site facilities.

     The Company was formed to continue the property operations, business
objectives and acquisition strategies of an entity that has owned and operated
manufactured home communities since 1969.  As of December 31, 1996, the Company
controlled a portfolio of 69 manufactured home communities (the "Properties")
located throughout the United States containing 27,356 residential sites.  The
Properties are located in 19 states (with the number of Properties in each
state shown parenthetically) -- Arizona (10), California (6), Colorado (8),
Delaware (3), Florida (20), Illinois (1), Indiana (3), Iowa (1), Kansas (3),
Maryland (1), Minnesota (1), Missouri (3), Montana (1), Nevada (3), New Mexico
(1), Oklahoma (1),  Pennsylvania (1), Virginia (1), and West Virginia (1).

     The Company has approximately 465 full-time employees dedicated to
carrying out the Company's operating philosophy and strategies of value
enhancement and service to residents.  The Company typically utilizes a
two-person management team (who reside at the Properties) for the on-site
management of each of the Properties.  Typically, clerical and maintenance
workers are employed to assist these individuals in the management and care of
the Properties.  Direct supervision of on-site management is the responsibility
of the Company's four regional vice presidents.  These individuals have
significant experience in addressing the needs of residents and in finding or
creating innovative approaches to maximize value and increase cash flow from
property operations.  Complementing this field management staff are
approximately 45 corporate employees who assist on-site management in all
property functions.

FORMATION OF THE COMPANY

     The Company, through certain of its subsidiaries, became the successor to
the manufactured home community business of Mobile Home Communities, Inc. and
certain affiliated entities (the "Original Owners") that owned 41 manufactured
home communities (the "Original Properties") (collectively, such entities are
referred to as the "Predecessor Business").  In November 1992, the Original
Owners transferred their interests in the Original Properties, net of certain
mortgage indebtedness, to the MHC Operating Limited Partnership (the "Operating
Partnership").  On March 3, 1993, the Company completed an initial public
offering of 10,120,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share (the
"Initial Offering").

     The Company is a Maryland corporation, which has elected to be taxed as a
real estate investment trust ("REIT").  The Company generally will not be
subject to Federal income tax to the extent it distributes its REIT taxable
income to its stockholders.  REITs are subject to a number of organizational
and operational requirements.  If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT, its
income is taxable at regular corporate rates. Even if the Company qualifies for
taxation as a REIT, the Company is subject to certain state and local taxes on
its income and property and Federal income and excise taxes on its
undistributed income.

     The operations of the Company are conducted through certain entities which
are owned or controlled by the Company.  The Operating Partnership is the
entity through which the Company conducts substantially all of its operations.
Sub-partnerships of the Operating Partnership were created to:  (i) facilitate
mortgage financing (the "Financing Partnerships"); (ii) facilitate the
Company's ability to provide financing to the owners of manufactured home
communities ("Lending Partnership"); (iii) own the management operations of the
Company ("Management Partnerships"); and (iv) own the assets and operations of
certain utility companies which service the Properties ("MHC Systems").  The
financial results of the Operating Partnership and sub-partnerships (together
the "Subsidiaries") are consolidated in the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

                                       3


<PAGE>   4




     In addition, since certain activities, if performed by the Company, may
not be qualifying REIT activities under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), the Company has invested in the non-voting preferred
stock of various corporations which engage in such activities.  Realty Systems,
Inc. ("RSI") is engaged in the business of purchasing, selling, leasing and
financing manufactured homes that are located or will be located in properties
managed by the Company.  RSI also provides brokerage services to residents at
such properties. Typically residents move from a community but do not relocate
their homes.  RSI may provide brokerage services, in competition with other
local brokers, by seeking buyers for the homes.  RSI also leases homes to
prospective residents with the expectation that the tenant eventually will
purchase the home.  LP Management Corp. leases from the Operating Partnership
certain real property within or adjacent to certain of the Properties
consisting of golf courses, pro shops, restaurants and campgrounds.  LP
Management Corp. pays a management fee to an independent contractor who manages
and operates these businesses.   The Company believes that RSI's and LP
Management Corp.'s (collectively, "Affiliates") activities benefit the Company
by maintaining and enhancing occupancy at the Properties.  The Company accounts
for its investment in and advances to Affiliates using the equity method of
accounting.

BUSINESS OBJECTIVES AND OPERATING STRATEGIES

     The Company seeks to maximize both current income and long-term growth in
income.  The Company focuses on manufactured home communities that have strong
cash flow growth potential and expects to hold such properties for long-term
investment and capital appreciation.  These business objectives and their
implementation are determined by the Company's Board of Directors and may be
changed at any time.  The Company's investment and operating approach includes:


    -   Aggresively managing the Properties to increase operating margins 
        through rent and/or occupancy increases and expense control;

    -   Increasing income and property values by continuing the strategic 
        expansion and, where appropriate, renovation of the Properties;

    -   Utilizing management information systems to evaluate potential 
        acquisitions, identify and track competing properties and
        monitor tenant satisfaction; and

    -    Selectively acquiring manufactured home communities that have 
         potential for long-term cash flow growth.


     The Company is committed to enhancing its reputation as the most respected
brand name in the manufactured home community business.  Its strategy is to own
and operate the highest quality communities in premier locations across the
United States.  The focus is on creating an attractive residential environment
for homeowners by providing a well-maintained, comfortable community with a
variety of organized recreational and social activities and superior amenities.
In addition, the Company regularly surveys rental rates of competing
properties and conducts satisfaction surveys of residents to determine the
factors residents consider most important in choosing a manufactured home
community.

FUTURE ACQUISITIONS

     The Company believes that opportunities for property acquisitions are
particularly attractive at this time because of increasing acceptability of and
demand for manufactured homes and continued constraints on development of new
manufactured home communities.  The Company believes it has a competitive
advantage in the acquisition of new communities due to its experienced
management, significant presence in major real estate markets and substantial
capital resources.  The Company is actively seeking to acquire additional
communities and currently is engaged in various stages of negotiations relating
to the possible acquisition of a number of communities.

     The Company anticipates that newly acquired properties will be located in
the United States.  The Company utilizes market information systems to identify
and evaluate acquisition opportunities, including a market data base to review
the primary economic indicators of the various locations in which the Company
expects to expand its operations.  Acquisitions will be financed from the most
appropriate sources of capital, which may include undistributed funds from
operations, issuance of additional equity securities, sales of investments,
collateralized and uncollateralized borrowings and issuance of debt securities.
In addition, the Company may cause the Operating Partnership to issue OP Units
to finance acquisitions.  The Company believes that an ownership structure
which includes the Operating Partnership will permit the Company to acquire
additional manufactured home communities in transactions that may defer all or
a portion of the sellers' tax consequences.

                                      4

<PAGE>   5








     When evaluating potential acquisitions, the Company will consider such
factors as:  (i) the replacement cost of the property; (ii) the geographic area
and type of property; (iii) the location, construction quality, condition and
design of the property; (iv) the current and projected cash flow of the
property and the ability to increase cash flow; (v) the potential for capital
appreciation of the property; (vi) the terms of tenant leases, including the
potential for rent increases; (vii) the potential for economic growth and the
tax and regulatory environment of the community in which the property is
located; (viii) the potential for expansion of the physical layout of the
property and/or the number of sites; (ix) the occupancy and demand by residents
for properties of a similar type in the vicinity and the residents profile; (x)
the prospects for liquidity through sale, financing or refinancing of the
property; and (xi) competition from existing manufactured home communities and
the potential for the construction of new communities in the area.  The Company
expects to purchase manufactured home communities with physical and market
characteristics similar to the Properties in its current portfolio.

PROPERTY EXPANSIONS

     The Company will seek to increase the income generated from the Properties
and from any additional properties acquired by expanding the number of sites
available to be leased to residents if justified by local market conditions and
permitted by zoning and other applicable laws.  Of the 69 Properties, six may
be expanded consistent with existing zoning regulations.  In 1997, the Company
expects to complete Phase I of the Bulow Village expansion consisting of 104
sites.  In addition, where appropriate, the Company will consider upgrading or
adding facilities and amenities to certain Properties in order to make those
Properties more attractive in their markets.  As of December 31, 1996, the
Company had approximately 2,293 expansion sites located in thirteen of the
Properties, of which 163 sites were acquired in 1996.  The Company filled 239
of the expansion sites in 1996 and expects to fill an additional 200 sites in
1997.

LEASES

     The typical lease entered into between the tenant and one of the Company's
manufactured home communities for the rental of a site requires a security
deposit and is month-to-month or year-to-year, renewable upon the consent of
both parties or, in some instances, as provided by statute.  These leases are
cancelable, depending on state law, for non-payment of rent, violation of
community rules and regulations or other specified defaults.  Non-cancelable
long-term leases, ranging from one to fifteen years, are in effect at certain
sites within seven of the Properties.  In addition, lifetime leases are in
effect at certain sites within five of the Properties.  These leases are
subject to rent rate increases based on the Consumer Price Index, in some
instances taking into consideration certain floors and ceilings and allowing
for pass-throughs of certain items such as real estate taxes, utility expenses
and capital expenditures.  Generally, market rate adjustments are made on an
annual basis.

REGULATIONS AND INSURANCE

     General.  Manufactured home communities are subject to various laws,
ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to recreational
facilities such as swimming pools, clubhouses and other common areas.  The
Company believes that each Property has the necessary permits and approvals to
operate.

     Americans with Disabilities Act ("ADA").  The Properties and any newly
acquired manufactured home communities must comply with the ADA.  The ADA has
separate compliance requirements for "public accommodations" and "commercial
facilities," but generally requires that public facilities such as clubhouses,
pools and recreation areas be made accessible to people with disabilities.
Compliance with the ADA requirements has required removal of access barriers
and other capital improvements at the Properties. Noncompliance could result in
imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants.  The Company
has taken into account an estimate of funds required to make any changes
required by the ADA in determining the appropriate level of reserves and the
expected level of distributions and believes that such costs can be covered by
funds from the operations of the Properties or established reserves without any
material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or results of
operations.  If ongoing changes involve a greater expenditure than the Company
currently anticipates, or if the changes must be made on a more accelerated
basis than it anticipates, the Company's ability to make expected distributions
could be adversely affected.  The Company believes that its competitors face
similar costs to comply with the requirements of the ADA.

                                      5





<PAGE>   6




     Rent Control Legislation.  State and local rent control laws, principally
in California and Florida, limit the Company's ability to increase rents and to
recover increases in operating expenses and the costs of capital improvements.
Enactment of such laws has been considered from time to time in other
jurisdictions.  The Company presently expects to continue to maintain
manufactured home communities, and may purchase additional properties, in
markets that are either subject to rent control or in which rent-limiting
legislation exists or may be enacted.  For example, Florida has enacted a law
which generally provides that rental increases must be reasonable.  Also,
certain jurisdictions in California in which the Company owns Properties limit
rent increases to changes in the Consumer Price Index or some percentage
thereof.

     Insurance.  Management believes that the Properties are covered by
adequate fire, flood and property insurance provided by reputable companies and
with commercially reasonable deductibles and limits.  The Company believes its
insurance coverage is adequate based on the Company's assessment of the risks
to be insured, the probability of loss and the relative cost of available
coverage.  The Company has obtained title insurance insuring fee title to the
Properties in an aggregate amount which the Company believes to be adequate.

                                    INDUSTRY

THE MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITY INDUSTRY

     The Company believes that modern manufactured home communities, like the
Properties, provide an opportunity for increased cash flows and appreciation in
value. These may be achieved through increases in occupancy rates and rents, as
well as expense controls, expansion of existing Properties and opportunistic
acquisitions, for the following industry specific reasons:


   - Barriers to Entry:  The Company believes that the supply of new
     manufactured home communities will be constrained due to barriers to entry
     into the industry.  The most significant barrier has been the difficulty
     in securing zoning from local authorities. This has been the result of (i)
     the public's poor perception of the business, and (ii) the fact that
     manufactured home communities generate less tax revenue because the homes
     are treated as personal property (a benefit to the home owner) rather than
     real property.  Another factor that creates substantial barriers to entry
     is the length of time between investment in the communities' development
     and the attainment of stabilized occupancy and the generation of revenues.
      The initial development of the infrastructure may take up to two or three
     years.  Once the community is ready for occupancy, it may be difficult to
     attract residents to an empty community.  Substantial occupancy levels may
     take a number of years to achieve.

   - Industry Consolidation:  According to an industry analyst's manufactured
     home community industry report, 172 of the largest owners and fee managers
     of manufactured home communities operating in the United States and Canada
     during 1996 operated 2,519 communities.  Their communities constituted
     approximately 10% of the estimated 24,000 communities that are regarded as
     "investment grade".  The Company believes that this relatively high degree
     of fragmentation in the industry provides the Company, as a national
     organization with experienced management and substantial financial
     resources, the opportunity to purchase additional manufactured home
     communities at favorable prices.

   - Stable Tenant Base:  The Company believes that manufactured home
     communities tend to achieve and maintain a stable rate of occupancy due to
     the following factors: (i) residents own their own homes, and (ii) moving
     a manufactured home from one community to another involves substantial
     cost and effort and often results in the abandonment of on-site
     improvements made by the tenant such as decks, garages, carports and
     landscaping.


MANUFACTURED HOUSING

     Based on the current growth in the number of individuals living in
manufactured homes, the Company believes that manufactured homes are
increasingly viewed by the public as an attractive and economical form of
housing.  According to the industry's trade association, nearly one in three
new single family homes sold in the United States today is factory-built.

     The Company believes that the growing popularity of manufactured housing
is primarily the result of the following factors:


     -  Importance of Home Ownership. A 1994 survey by the Federal National
Mortgage Association indicated that most people would make a wide range of
trade-offs in order to own their own home.  Security and permanence are thought
to be non-financial reasons to own a home.  The commitment to home ownership is
tempered by an awareness of the high cost of owning a home.  The affordability
of manufactured housing allows many individuals to achieve this goal without
jeopardizing their financial security.


                                      6





<PAGE>   7
 


        
        - Affordability.  For a significant number of persons, manufactured
 housing represents the only means of achieving home ownership.  In
 addition, the total cost of housing in a manufactured home community (home
 cost, site rent and related occupancy costs) is competitive with and often
 lower than the total cost of alternative housing, such as apartments and
 condominiums.

        - Lifestyle Choice.  As the average age of the United States population
 has increased, manufactured housing has become an increasingly popular
 housing alternative for retirement and "empty-nest" living.  The percentage of
 buyers of manufactured homes who are 40 to 49 years old has more than doubled
 since 1981 and the percentage of buyers who are 50 to 59 years old increased
 40% in the same period.  The Company believes that manufactured housing is
 especially attractive to such individuals when located within a community that
 offers an appealing amenity package, close proximity to local services, social
 activities, low maintenance and a secure environment.

        - Construction Quality.  Since 1976, all manufactured housing has been
 required to meet stringent Federal standards, resulting in significant
 increases in the quality of the industry's product.  The Department of Housing
 and Urban Development's standards for manufactured housing construction
 quality are the only Federally regulated standards governing housing quality
 of any type in the United States.  Manufactured homes produced since 1976 have
 received a "red and silver" government seal certifying that they were built in
 compliance with the Federal code.  The code regulates manufactured home design
 and construction, strength and durability, fire resistance and energy
 efficiency, and the installation and performance of heating, plumbing, air
 conditioning, thermal and electrical systems. In newer homes, top grade lumber
 and dry wall materials are common. Also, manufacturers are required to follow
 the same fire codes as builders of site-built structures.

        - Comparability to Site-Built Homes.  The manufactured housing industry
 has experienced a recent trend towards multi-section homes. Many modern
 manufactured homes are longer (up to 80 feet compared to 50 feet in the 1960s)
 and wider than earlier models.  Many homes have vaulted ceilings, fireplaces
 and as many as four bedrooms and closely resemble single family site-built
 homes.

ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES


     The Company believes that the Properties provide attractive amenities and
common facilities that create a comfortable and attractive community for the
residents, with most offering a clubhouse, a swimming pool, laundry facilities
and cable television service.  Many also offer additional amenities such as
sauna/whirlpool spas, golf courses, tennis, shuffleboard and basketball courts
and exercise rooms.  Since residents own their homes, it is their
responsibility to maintain their homes and the surrounding area.  It is
management's role to insure that residents comply with community policies and
to provide maintenance of the common areas, facilities and amenities. The
Company holds periodic meetings of its property management personnel for
training and implementation of the Company's strategies.  The Properties
historically have had and the Company believes they will continue to have low
turnover and high occupancy rates due in part to this strategy.

     The distribution of the Properties throughout the United States reflects
the Company's belief that geographic diversification helps insulate the
portfolio from regional economic influences.  At the same time, the Company has
sought to create clusters of Properties within each of its primary markets in
order to achieve economies of scale in management and operation.  The Company
intends to target new acquisitions in or near markets where the Properties are
located and will also consider acquisitions of properties outside such markets.
The Company's five largest markets are South Florida (12 Properties), North
Florida (8 Properties), the Northeast (7), Arizona (10 Properties), and
Colorado (8 Properties).  These markets account for 27.2%, 9.9%, 9.8%, 8.7%,
and 11.8%, respectively, of the Company's total revenues for the year ended
December 31, 1996.  The Company's largest Property, Bay Indies, located in
Venice, Florida accounted for 5.1% of the Company's total revenues for the year
ended December 31, 1996.

     All of the Properties, except Spanish Oaks and Candlelight Village, are
managed by the Management Partnerships.  The Lending Partnership owns the
Spanish Oaks and Candlelight Village mortgage notes, which are being treated as
investments in real estate according to generally accepted accounting
principles.  The following tables set forth certain information relating to the
Properties by each of the Company's four regions.  "Core Portfolio" represents
an analysis of Properties owned during both periods of comparison.

                                      7





<PAGE>   8
 




                                 WESTERN REGION


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       Monthly      Monthly 
                                                          Number of Sites     Occupancy    Occupancy  Base Rent     Base Rent
                            Location        Approximate        as of            as of        as of      as of        as of
Community             (Closest Major City)    Acreage         12/31/96         12/31/96    12/31/95   12/31/96      12/31/95
- ---------             -------------------   ------------  ----------------     --------    --------   ---------    ----------
<S>                   <C>                       <C>               <C>            <C>       <C>           <C>        <C>
Palm Shadows          Glendale, AZ              33                 294           99%        99%          $279         $262
                      (Phoenix)                                                                  
Brentwood Manor       Mesa, AZ                  45                 275           98%        98%          $368         $347
Hacienda De Valencia  Mesa, AZ                  51                 366           93%        95%          $299         $285
The Mark              Mesa, AZ                  61                 411           92%        83%(1)       $276         $263
Casa del Sol Resort   Peoria, AZ                24                 246           92%        (2)          $348          (2)
 No. 1                (Phoenix)                  
Casa del Sol Resort   Glendale, AZ              29                 239           99%        (2)          $373          (2)
 No. 2                (Phoenix)              
Sunrise Heights       Phoenix, AZ               28                 202           92%        92%          $281         $273
Apollo Village        Phoenix, AZ               29                 238           93%        88%(1)       $294         $291
Central Park          Phoenix, AZ               40                 293           94%        95%          $314         $301
The Meadows           Tempe, AZ                 57                 391           96%        95%          $347         $332
Concord Cascade       Pacheco, CA               31                 285           99%        99%          $468         $453
                      (San Francisco)                                                            
Contempo Marin        San Rafael, CA            61                 396          100%       100%          $566         $553
                      (San Francisco)                                                            
De Anza Santa Cruz    Santa Cruz, CA            30                 198          100%       100%          $450         $441
Rancho Valley         El Cajon, CA              19                 140           93%        95%          $456         $448
                      (San Diego)                                                                
Lamplighter           Spring Valley, CA         32                 270           96%        94%          $454         $444
                      (San Diego)                         ----------------     --------    --------    -------       ------
Total Western Region                                             4,244           96%        95%          $371         $361
                                                          ----------------     --------    --------   --------       ------
Western Region Core Portfolio                                    3,759           96%        95%          $373         $361
                                                          ----------------     --------    --------    -------       ------
</TABLE>                                           
- -----------------------------     
(1) The process of filling expansion sites is ongoing at these properties.
(2) Casa del Sol Resort No. 1 and Casa del Sol Resort No. 2 were acquired on 
    October 23, 1996.

                                      8



<PAGE>   9
                             ROCKY MOUNTAIN REGION
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Number                                    Monthly       Monthly
                                                               of Sites        Occupancy      Occupancy  Base Rent     Base Rent
                            Location             Approximate     as of          as of           as of       as of        as of
Community             (Closest Major City)         Acreage     12/31/96       12/31/96        12 /31/95   12/31/96      12/31/95
- ---------             -------------------         ----------   --------    ---------------    ---------  ---------     ---------
<S>                   <C>                           <C>          <C>             <C>        
Date Palm             Cathedral City, CA            145          538              91%            92%        $560          $558
                      (San Diego)                                                                
Bonanza               Las Vegas, NV                  43          353              99%            99%        $398          $379
Flamingo West         Las Vegas, NV                  36          205             100%           100%        $383          $351
The Cabana            Las Vegas, NV                  37          263             100%            97%        $364          $356
Bonner Springs        Bonner Springs, KS             33          209              78%            74%        $175          $170
                      (Kansas City)                                                              
Carriage Park         Kansas City, KS                24          143              60%(1)         55%(1)     $174          $169
Quivira Hills         Kansas City, KS                54          142              78%            74%        $207          $195
Briarwood             Brookline, MO                  27          166              94%            98%        $159          $139
                      (Springfield)                                                              
Northstar Village     Kansas City, MO                61          219              87%            85%        $209          $200
Dellwood Manor        Warrensburg, MO                46          136              89%            93%        $144          $135
                      (Kansas City)                                                              
Hillcrest             Aurora, CO (Denver)            73          602              94%            94%        $343          $325
Cimarron              Broomfield, CO (Denver)        48          327              98%            98%        $318          $299
Holiday Village - CO  Co. Springs, CO                39          240              98%            99%        $324          $302
Holiday Hills         Denver, CO                     99          740              96%            92%        $328          $312
Woodland Hills        Denver, CO                     57          434              99%            97%        $311          $287
Golden Terrace        Golden, CO                     36          265              99%            97%        $349          $326
                      (Denver)                                                                   
Golden Terrace West   Golden, CO                     38          318              98%            99%        $343          $318
                      (Denver)                                                                   
Pueblo Grande         Pueblo, CO                     33          252              98%            99%        $207          $193
                      (Denver)                                                                   
Holiday Village - IA  Sioux City, IA                160          519              94%            92%        $190          $175
Camelot Acres         Burnsville, MN                180          319              94%            88%        $314          $301
                      (Minneapolis)                                                              94%                            
Candlelight Village   Columbus, IN                  101          585              93%           (2)         $157           (2)
Casa Village          Billings, MT                   65          490              96%            94%        $232          $220
Del Rey               Albuquerque, NM                59          407              99%           100%        $320          $293
Rockwood              Tulsa, OK                      38          265              99%            99%        $182          $169
                                                              ------              ---           ----        ----          ----
Total Rocky Mountain Region                                    8,137              94%            93%        $297          $292
                                                              ------              ---           ----        ----          ----
Rocky Mountain Region Core Portfolio                           7,552              95%            93%        $308          $292
                                                              ------              ---           ----        ----          ----
</TABLE>
- ---------------------------
(1) Carriage Park suffered damage to approximately 85 homes in 1993 due to
    flooding; the process of re-leasing the homes on these sites is ongoing.
(2) On May 9, 1996, the Company funded a loan to the owners of Candlelight
    Village, which is being accounted for as an investment in real estate.

                                      9

<PAGE>   10





                                 EASTERN REGION



<TABLE>   
<CAPTION> 
                                                                                                         Base Rent      Base Rent
                                                           Number of Sites     Occupancy   Occupancy     Per Site       Per Site
                            Location        Approximate        as of            as of        as of         as of          as of
Community            (Closest Major City)    Acreage         12/31/96         12/31/96     12/31/95      12/31/96      12/31/95
- ---------            -------------------     ----------      ----------      ---------     ---------     ---------     ----------
<S>                   <C>                    <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>          <C>            <C>
Nassau                Lewes, DE                    67            392            99%           100%         $232           $227
                      (Rehoboth Beach)                                                    
Mariner's Cove        Millsboro, DE               110            375            81%            79%(1)      $278           $260
                      (Rehoboth Beach)                                                    
Willow Lake Estates   Elgin, IL                   110            616           100%            99%         $500           $471
                      (Chicago)                                                           
Burns Harbor          Chesterton, IN               42            228            98%            99%         $253           $246
                      (Chicago)                                                           
Oak Tree Village      Portage, IN                  76            382            98%            98%         $236           $222
                      (Chicago)                                                           
Waterford             Wilmington, DE              160            731            85%(1)(2)      (2)         $324            (2)
Pheasant Ridge        Mt. Airy, MD                 98            101           100%            98%         $344           $316
                      (Baltimore)                                                         
Green Acres           Breinigsville, PA           149            595            95%            92%(1)      $339           $324
                      (Allentown)                                                         
Meadows of Chantilly  Chantilly, VA                82            500            91%            92%         $443           $431
                      (Washington, DC)                                                    
Independence Hill     Morgantown, WV               55            203            99%           100%         $167           $158
                      (Pittsburgh)                            ------            ---           ----         ----           ----
                                                                              
Total Eastern Region                                           4,123            93%            95%         $335           $321
                                                              ------            ---           ----         ----           ----
Eastern Region Core Portfolio                                  3,392            95%            95%         $337           $321
                                                              ------            ---           ----         ----           ----

</TABLE>  


- ----------------------
(1) The process of filling expansion sites at these properties is ongoing.
(2) Waterford was acquired on February 28, 1996.

                                      10





<PAGE>   11





                              SOUTHEASTERN REGION



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                    Monthly   Monthly
                                                          Number of Sites   Occupancy   Occupancy  Base Rent  Base Rent
                           Location         Approximate        as of          as of        as of     as of     as of
Community            (Closest Major City)     Acreage         12/31/96       12/31/96    12/31/95   12/31/96  12/31/95
- ---------            -------------------    ------------  ----------------   --------    --------   --------  --------
<S>                  <C>                    <C>           <C>                <C>            <C>        <C>      <C>
Bay Lake Estates     Nokomis, FL                 35               228           100%        100%       $305     $296
                     (Sarasota)                                                            
Bay Indies           Venice, FL                 211             1,309           100%        100%       $284     $279
                     (Sarasota)                                                            
Windmill Village     Sarasota, FL                74               471            99%        100%       $276     $262
 North                                                                     
Windmill Village     Sarasota, FL                61               306           100%        100%       $276     $265
 South                                                                     
The Heritage         N. Ft. Myers, FL           214               455            60%         52%(1)    $264     $258
Windmill Village                                                                           
Fort Myers           N. Ft. Myers, FL            69               491            99%         99%       $272     $258
Buccaneer Estates    N. Ft. Myers, FL           223               971           100%        100%       $270     $255
Lake Fairways        N. Ft. Myers, FL           259               896           100%        100%       $312     $303
Pine Lakes           N. Ft. Myers, FL           298               585            97%         88%       $381     $367
Colonies of Margate  Margate, FL                125               819            97%         99%       $383     $369
Lakewood Village     Melbourne, FL               69               349            96%         97%       $291     $282
Heritage Village     Vero Beach, FL              64               436            98%        100%       $261     $242
Lake Haven           Dunedin, FL                 48               379            98%         98%       $324     $308
                     (Tampa)                                                             
Bulow Village        Flagler Beach, FL           40               171           100%         98%       $182     $172
                     (Daytona)                                                             
Country Place        New Port Richey, FL         82               513            65%         59%(1)    $195     $185
                     (Tampa)                                                               
East Bay Oaks        Largo, FL                   41               328            99%         99%       $302     $289
                     (Tampa)                                                               
Eldorado Village     Largo, FL                   25               227            99%        100%       $304     $291
                     (Tampa)                                                               
Mid-Florida Lakes    Leesburg, FL               290             1,197            94%         93%(1)    $280     $269
Oak Bend             Ocala, FL                  100               262            78%         75%(1)    $200     $193
Spanish Oaks         Ocala, FL                   78               459            99%         99%       $245     $231
                                                               ------            ---         ---       ----     ----
Total Southeastern Region                                      10,852            95%         94%       $290     $279
                                                               ------            ---         ---       ----     ----
Southeastern Region Core Portfolio                             10,852            95%         94%       $290     $279
                                                               ------            ---         ---       ----     ----
Grand Total Company Portfolio                                  27,356            95%(2)      94%(2)    $312     $300
                                                               ======            ===         ===       ====     ====
Grand Total Core Portfolio                                     25,555            95%         94%       $314     $300
                                                               ======            ===         ===       ====     ====
</TABLE>                                                        

- -----------------------                                     
(1) The process of filling expansion sites at these properties is ongoing.
(2) Changes in total portfolio occupancy includes the impact of acquisitions
    and expansion programs and are therefore not comparable.  See
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
    Operations.

                                      11





<PAGE>   12




ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Richard M. Perlman, a former employee of Equity Financial and Management
Co. ("EF&M"), an affiliate of Mr. Samuel Zell, Chairman of the Board of
Directors, filed a legal proceeding against Mr. Zell, EF&M and various
partnerships and corporations controlled by Mr. Zell requesting damages and
injunctive relief over, among other things, the fact that and the manner in
which interests in the Original Properties were contributed to the Operating
Partnership.  This proceeding was filed on July 21, 1995 (Richard M. Perlman,
et al v. Samuel Zell, et al.) (United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois-Eastern Division, Case No. 95 C4242).  Mr. Perlman
voluntarily dismissed the action that he previously filed in the Circuit Court
of Cook County, Illinois, which was known as Richard M. Perlman v. Samuel Zell,
et al, Case No. 92 CH 19915.  Mr. Zell believes such claims lack merit and is
vigorously contesting the claims.  In addition, the Company has been
indemnified by EF&M and the Original Owners for any losses incurred in
connection with such matter.  In light of such indemnity, the Company does not
expect to incur any loss as a result of such action.

     On September 17, 1996 Chateau Properties, Inc. ("Chateau") filed suit in
the United States District Court for the District of Maryland against the
Company and the Operating Partnership alleging, among other things, that (i)
the Operating Partnership's tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of
common stock, which tender offer has since expired, is in violation of the
federal securities laws because it contains untrue statements of material fact
and omits to state material facts and (ii) the Company and the Operating
Partnership have begun a proxy solicitation in opposition to Chateau's proposed
merger with ROC Communities, Inc. ("ROC") and have made material misstatements
of facts and omitted to disclose other material facts as part of that
solicitation effort in violation of applicable federal law.  The Company has
filed counterclaims against Chateau and ROC and intends to vigorously defend
itself against Chateau's claims which it believes are frivolous.  At this time
it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, but the Company
does not anticipate that the impact of this litigation will be material.

     In a separate matter, residents of DeAnza Santa Cruz, a Property located
in Santa Cruz, California (the "City") previously brought several actions
opposing certain fees and charges in connection with water service at the
Property, specifically opposing a monthly "readiness to serve" charge.  One
group of residents, who have elected to be covered under the City's rent
control ordinance ("Ordinance"), had their case heard before the City's rent
control board.  On June 29, 1995, the City's hearing officer found that the
Company may charge only its actual costs. The Company believes its actual costs
exceed the amount of the monthly readiness to serve charge and has appealed
this decision and filed an application with the California Public Utilities
Commission requesting the Commission to set cost based rates for water at this
Property.  In connection with the hearing officer's decision, the residents
were awarded costs of approximately $50,000 and the Company has rebated the
readiness to serve charge collected since its acquisition of the Property in
August, 1994. The impact of this decision on the financial condition or results
of operations of the Company is not expected to be material.

     The Santa Cruz Homeowners Association, representing approximately fifteen
residents not covered by the Ordinance, separately filed suit in the Superior
Court of the State of California (Case Number 128001) opposing the same fees
and charges in connection with water service and seeking damages, including
punitive damages, arising out of the imposition the readiness to serve charge.
A trial in the matter is set for May 1996 and the Company intends to vigorously
defend itself in the matter.

     In connection with certain Properties acquired in 1994, known as the
DeAnza Transaction, the Company funded a $10 million nonrecourse loan to DeAnza
Newport Mobile Estates and Newport Back Bay Realty Company (collectively, the
"Partnerships") secured by a mortgage on the Bayside Village ground lease.  The
Bayside Land Company, ground lessor under the ground lease, subsequently filed
a petition under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and sought to terminate the
ground lease on various grounds. The Partnerships have informed the Company
that they have filed a joint plan of reorganization with the Bayside Land
Company and certain other creditors, which if approved by the bankruptcy court,
would resolve the outstanding issues and preserve the Partnerships' leasehold
interest in Bayside Village.  There can be no assurances that the proposed plan
will be approved by the requisite number of creditors or the court.  At this
time it is not possible to predict the impact of the bankruptcy proceedings on
the financial condition or results of operations of the Company, but the
Company does not anticipate that the impact will be material.

                                      12





<PAGE>   13




ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  (CONTINUED)

     On September 29, 1995, the United States Environmental Protection Agency
("USEPA") issued its Findings of Violations and Order for Compliance with
respect to the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System ("NPDES") Permit
governing the operation of the onsite waste water treatment plant at one of the
Properties.  On October 6, 1995, the USEPA issued its Findings of Violation and
Order for Compliance with respect to the NPDES Permit governing the operation
of the onsite waste water treatment plant at another of the Properties.
Applicable law provides for fines and penalties of up to $125,000 for these
violations. However, no fines or penalties have been assessed to date, and the
Company believes it has complied with these Orders.  The Company spent
approximately $60,000 on upgrades to one of the plants and will spend
approximately $350,000 to connect the other Property to the local municipal
waste water system, which connection will be completed in April, 1997.

     The Company is involved in a variety of other legal proceedings arising in
the ordinary course of business.  All such proceedings, taken together, are not
expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      None.


                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The following table sets forth for the period indicated, the high and low
sales prices for the Company's common stock as reported by the New York Stock
Exchange under the trading symbol MHC.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                     Distributions  Return of Capital
             Close    High    Low        Made        GAAP Basis (a)
             ------  ------  ------  -------------  -----------------
<S>          <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>            <C>
1996
1st Quarter  $17.75  $19.75  $17.25     $.305            $.065
2nd Quarter   19.25   19.375  17.00      .305             .065
3rd Quarter   19.25   19.625  17.875     .305             .045
4th Quarter   23.25   23.25   19.00      .305             .065

1995                                 
1st Quarter   15.38   19.88   13.75      .295             .145
2nd Quarter   15.38   16.50   14.50      .295             .095
3rd Quarter   17.25   17.38   15.00      .295             .065
4th Quarter   17.50   18.25   15.88      .295             .135

</TABLE>                             
                                     
(a)  Represents distributions per share in excess of net income per share on a
GAAP basis and is not the same as return of capital on a tax basis.

The number of beneficial holders of the Company's common stock at December 31,
1996 was approximately 5,800.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING INFORMATION

     The following table sets forth selected financial and operating
information on a historical basis for the Company and the Predecessor Business.
The following information should be read in conjunction with all of the
financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.
The historical operating data for the year ended December 31, 1996 has been
derived from the historical Financial Statements of the Company audited by
Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors.  The historical operating data for the
years ended December 31, 1995, 1994, 1993, and 1992 have been derived from the
historical Financial Statements of the Company and the Predecessor Business
audited by Coopers & Lybrand, L.L.P., independent auditors.

     On April 22, 1994, a two-for-one stock split became effective.  For
purposes of presenting outstanding shares, distribution per share and units of
limited partnership interest ("OP Units"), the impact of the stock split has
been given retroactive treatment.

                                      13





<PAGE>   14
                Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. Consolidated
            and Combined Historical, Including Predecessor Business

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   (1) Years ended December 31,               
                                                       --------------------------------------------------     
                                                         1996      1995       1994       1993       1992       
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------     
                                                 (Amounts in thousands, except for per share and property data)
<S>                                                    <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
                                                                                                              
OPERATING DATA:                                                                                               
REVENUES                                                                                                      
  Base rental income                                   $ 93,109  $  85,242  $  60,085  $  36,112  $ 32,032     
  Utility and other income                                8,821      8,481      4,348      2,711     2,341     
  Equity in income of affiliates                            853        885        727      1,195        94     
  Interest income                                         2,420      2,296      3,599      1,958        28     
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------     
     Total revenues                                     105,203     96,904     68,759     41,976    34,495     
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------     
EXPENSES                                                                                                      
  Property operating and  maintenance                    28,399     27,057     19,203     11,350    11,147     
  Real estate taxes                                       7,947      7,241      4,214      2,329     2,200     
  Property management                                     4,338      4,675      4,099      2,168     1,666     
  General and administrative                              4,062      4,537      3,668      1,383       ---     
  Depreciation and other costs (2)                       15,732     16,122      9,520      5,201     4,273     
  Interest incurred and amortization  (3)                17,782     18,527     11,146      8,588    12,121     
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------     
    Total expenses                                       78,260     78,159     51,850     31,019    31,387     
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------     
  Income before gain (loss) on sale                                                                           
    of property and allocation to                                                                             
    minority interests                                   26,943     18,745     16,909     10,957     3,108     
  Gain (loss) on sale of property                           ---      1,278      (293)         --     1,019     
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------     
  Income of Predecessor Business                                                                  $  4,127     
  Income before allocation to minority                                                            ========     
    interests (4)                                        26,943     20,023     16,616     10,957              
  (Income) allocated to minority interests (4)           (2,671)    (2,006)    (1,568)      (522)             
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------              
Net income                                             $ 24,272  $  18,017  $  15,048  $  10,435              
                                                       ========  =========  =========  =========              
Net income per weighted average share                  $    .98  $     .74  $     .70  $     .70              
                                                       ========  =========  =========  =========              
Dividend  per share (5)                                $   1.22  $    1.18  $    1.14  $    1.03              
Weighted average common shares outstanding,            ========  =========  =========  =========              
  excluding OP Units of 2,715, 2,717, 2,397 and                                                          
  2,279, respectively                                    24,693     24,353     21,508     14,918              
                                                       ========   ========  =========  =========              
OTHER DATA:                                                                                                   
Funds from operations (6)                              $ 42,187  $  34,518  $  26,186  $  16,094  $  7,335     
Net cash flow:                                                                                                
  Operating activities                                 $ 49,660     40,161     24,910     16,724     7,821     
  Investing activities                                 $(60,954)     4,382   (220,707)  (178,059)   (2,355)    
  Financing activities                                 $ 10,858    (45,707)   170,427    188,449    (5,301)    
Total Properties (at end of period) (7)                      69         65         67         47        40     
Total sites (at end of period)                           27,356     25,552     25,860     14,474    12,084     
Total sites (weighted average)                           26,621     25,375     18,164     13,144    12,342     
                                                                                                              
<CAPTION>                                                                                                     
                                                                      (1) December 31,                        
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------     
                                                         1996      1995       1994       1993       1992       
                                                       --------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------     
                                                                        (In thousands)                        
<S>                                                    <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA:                                                                                                     
  Real estate, before accumulated depreciation (8)     $597,650   $543,229  $ 541,775   $197,812  $151,973
  Total assets                                          567,874    523,125    544,106    341,728   127,800
  Total debt                                            254,982    211,966    226,670    103,000   192,416
  Minority interests                                     28,640     29,305     30,507     23,432       ---
  Predecessor Business net deficit                          ---        ---        ---        ---   (71,469)
  Stockholders' equity                                  257,952    261,500    270,602    204,426        39
</TABLE> 

                                      14
<PAGE>   15




___________________________________

(1) See the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company included elsewhere
    herein.

(2) Depreciation and other costs include depreciation on corporate assets of
    approximately $488,000, $349,000, $243,000, $64,000 and $46,000 for the
    years ended December 31, 1996, 1995, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

(3) The $100.0 million mortgage notes payable (the "Mortgage Debt") bears a
    floating interest rate equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate
    ("LIBOR") plus 1.05% per annum.  In October 1996, the Company entered into
    an interest rate swap agreement fixing LIBOR on the Mortgage Debt at 5.57%
    effective January 10, 1997 through maturity.  By fixing the interest rate
    on the Mortgage Debt through maturity of the Mortgage Debt, the Company
    avoids the general uncertainty relating to the floating interest rate on
    the Mortgage Debt through such time.

    In July 1995 the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (the
    "Swap") beginning at the maturity of the Mortgage Debt fixing LIBOR on the
    refinancing of the Mortgage Debt at 6.4% for the period 1998 through 2003.

    In addition, the Company has a $100 million credit facility bearing
    interest at LIBOR plus 1.375% ($57.5 million outstanding at December 31,
    1996).  With respect to such credit facility, changes in the interest rate
    will have an effect on net income and funds from operations ("FFO").

(4) Results of operations prior to the Initial Offering related to the
    Predecessor Business.  Upon completion of the Initial Offering and related
    reorganization transactions, a portion of income/loss was allocated to
    minority interests, representing OP Units not owned by the Company.

(5) The Company went public on March 3, 1993.  The 1993 first quarter
    dividend of $.08 reflected the period from March 3, 1993 to March 31, 1993
    and was prorated to $.25.

(6) The Company generally considers FFO to be an appropriate measure of the
    performance of an equity REIT.  FFO was defined by the National
    Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") in March 1995 as
    net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), before allocation to
    minority interests, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property,
    plus real estate depreciation and after adjustments for significant
    non-recurring items, if any.  In the first quarter of 1996, the Company
    adopted this new definition of FFO which is effective for periods ending
    after December 31, 1995.  For purposes of presenting FFO, the revised
    definition of FFO has been given retroactive treatment.  Prior to this
    adoption, FFO was defined as income before allocation to minority
    interests plus certain non-cash items, primarily depreciation and
    amortization.  The Company believes that FFO is helpful to investors as a
    measure of the performance of an equity REIT because, along with cash
    flows from operating activities, financing activities and investing
    activities, it provides investors an understanding of the ability of the
    Company to incur and service debt and to make capital expenditures.  The
    Company computes FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition which may
    differ from the methodology for calculating FFO utilized by other equity
    REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs.  FFO in
    and of itself does not represent cash generated from operating activities
    in accordance with GAAP and therefore should not be considered an
    alternative to net income as an indication of the Company's performance or
    to net cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP as a
    measure of liquidity and is not necessarily indicative of cash available
    to fund cash needs.

(7) During the year ended December 31, 1993, seven Properties were acquired
    which had aggregate net operating income of $1.5 million in 1993, which
    included approximately $500,000 of depreciation and amortization expense.
    During 1994, 23 Properties were acquired, which had an aggregate net
    operating income of $10.3 million in 1994, which included approximately
    $3.7 million of depreciation and amortization expense.  Also during 1994,
    three properties were sold; net operating income attributable to such
    properties was approximately $30,500, which included approximately $32,000
    of depreciation and amortization expense. During the year ended December
    31, 1995, two properties were sold; net operating income attributable to
    such properties was approximately $235,000, which included approximately
    $83,000 of depreciation and amortization expense.  During the year ended
    December 31, 1996, four Properties were acquired; net operating income
    attributable to such Properties was approximately $1.8 million, which
    included approximately $371,000 of depreciation and amortization expense.

(8) The Company believes that the book value of the Properties, which
    reflects historical costs of such real estate assets less accumulated
    depreciation, is less than the current market value of the Properties.

                                       15





<PAGE>   16





ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

     The following discussion should be read in conjunction with "Selected
Financial Data" and the historical Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1996 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995

     Since December 31, 1995, the gross investment in rental property has
increased from $543 million to $598 million due to the acquisition of Waterford
on February 28, 1996, the funding of the Candlelight Village loan, which was
accounted for as a purchase, on May 9, 1996, and the acquisition of Casa del
Sol Resort No. 1 and Casa del Sol Resort No. 2 (collectively, the "Casa del Sol
Resorts") on October 23, 1996.  The total number of sites increased from 25,552
as of December 31, 1995 to 27,356 as of December 31, 1996.

     The following table summarizes certain weighted average occupancy
statistics for the years ended December 31, 1996 and 1995.  "Core Portfolio"
represents an analysis of properties owned during both periods of comparison.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                             Core Portfolio    Total Portfolio
                             --------------    ---------------
                             1996     1995      1996      1995
                             ----     ----      ----      ----
<S>                         <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>
Total sites                  25,554   25,375    26,621    25,375
Occupied sites               24,098   23,787    25,025    23,787
Occupancy %                   94.3%    93.7%     94.0%     93.7%
Monthly base rent per site     $312     $297      $310      $297
</TABLE>

     Base rental income ($93.1 million) increased $7.9 million or 9.2%.  For
the Core Portfolio, base rental income increased approximately $5.4 million or
6.3%, reflecting a 5.0% increase in base rental rates and a 1.3% increase
related to occupancy.  Base rental income at Waterford, Candlelight Village and
the Casa del Sol Resorts (collectively, the "1996 Acquisitions") was
approximately $3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1996.  Partially
offsetting this increase was a $502,000 decrease in base rental income
resulting from the sale of two properties in 1995.

     Monthly base rent per site for the total portfolio increased 4.4%
reflecting a 5.0% increase in the Core Portfolio, partially offset by lower
monthly base rents for the 1996 Acquisitions.  Average monthly base rent per
site for the 1996 Acquisitions was $270.

     Weighted average occupancy increased 0.4% primarily due to increased
occupancy at the expansion communities.

     Utility and other income ($8.8 million) increased $340,000 or 4% primarily
due to increased utility income and real estate tax pass-on income.

     Interest income ($2.4 million) increased $124,000 or 5%, primarily due to
interest earned on the employee notes granted on January 2, 1996, partially
offset by a decrease in interest earned on short-term investments.  Short-term
investments had average balances for the years ended December 31, 1996 and 1995
of approximately $3.4 million and $3.5 million, respectively, which earned
interest income at an effective rate of 5.4% in both years.

     Property operating and maintenance expenses ($28.4 million) increased $1.3
million or 5%.  The 1996 Acquisitions comprised $826,000 of this increase,
partially offset by a decrease in expense of $171,000 resulting from the sale
of two properties in 1995. The remaining $687,000, or 2.5%, increase was
primarily due to an increase in utility expense of approximately $586,000, an
increase in insurance and other expenses of approximately $275,000, and an
increase in repairs and maintenance of $91,000, partially offset by a decrease
in property payroll of $216,000 and property general and administrative ("G&A)
expense of $49,000. Property operating and maintenance expenses represented
27.0% of total revenues in 1996 and 27.9% in 1995.


                                      16





<PAGE>   17





RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)

     COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1996 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
(CONTINUED)

     Real estate taxes ($7.9 million) increased $706,000 or 10% due to the
expected increase in assessed values at certain Properties in 1996.  Real
estate taxes represented 7.6% of total revenues in 1996 and 7.5% in 1995.

     Property management expenses ($4.3 million) decreased $337,000 or 7%.  The
decrease was primarily due to a decrease in management company payroll as a
result of the staffing reductions in 1995.  Property management expenses
represented 4.1% of total revenues in 1996 and 4.8% in 1995.

     G&A expenses ($4.0 million) decreased $475,000 or 11%.  The Company has
continued to focus on reducing G&A expenses and, as a result these costs have
decreased significantly in 1996.  In addition, professional fees decreased
resulting from the write-off in 1995 of legal due diligence and related costs
associated with acquisitions which did not materialize.  G&A expenses
represented 3.9% of total revenues in 1996 and 4.7% in 1995.

     Interest expense and related amortization ($17.8 million) decreased by
$745,000 or 4%.  Interest expense decreased $13,000 due to a decrease in the
interest rate on the Mortgage Debt resulting from the interest rate swap
agreement entered into in December 1995 (see discussion below), partially
offset by an increase in interest on the line of credit resulting from
additional borrowings in 1996.  The weighted average outstanding debt balances
for the years ended December 31, 1996 and 1995 were $234.9 million and $228.4
million, respectively.  The effective interest rates were 7.2% and 7.6% for the
years ended December 31, 1996 and 1995, respectively.  Amortization decreased
$732,000 due to the write-off in 1995 of approximately $385,000 of loan costs
related to the $50 million line of credit with General Electric Credit Corp.
("GECC") which expired in March 1995.  In addition, the Company sold a portion
of the interest rate cap on the Mortgage Debt related to 1996 which decreased
amortization in 1996.  Interest expense and related amortization represented
16.9% of total revenues in 1996 and 19.1% in 1995.

     The Company has an interest rate cap for the term of the Mortgage Debt
which eliminates exposure to increases in LIBOR over 6%, plus 1.05%.  In
connection with various swap agreements, discussed below, the Company sold
portions of the interest rate cap related to 1996 and 1997 and recorded a
non-cash write-off of approximately $650,000 in the fourth quarter of 1995 and
$482,000 in the fourth quarter of 1996.

     In December 1995, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
fixing the LIBOR rate on the Mortgage Debt at 5.24% effective January 10, 1996
through January 10, 1997.  The value of this agreement is impacted by changes
in the market rate of interest.  Had the agreement been entered into on
December 31, 1996, the applicable LIBOR swap rate would have been 5.6%.  Each
0.01% increase or decrease in the applicable swap rate for this agreement
increases or decreases the value of the agreement entered into by the Company
versus its current value by approximately $850.

     In October 1996, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
fixing LIBOR on the Mortgage Debt at 5.57% effective January 10, 1997 through
March 3, 1998.  The value of this agreement is impacted by changes in the
market rate of interest.  Had the agreement been entered into on December 31,
1996, the applicable LIBOR swap rate would have been 5.8%.  Each 0.01% increase
or decrease in the applicable swap rate for this agreement increases or
decreases the value of the agreement entered into by the Company versus its
current value by approximately $2,300.

     In July 1995, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
(the "Swap") beginning at the maturity of the Mortgage Debt fixing LIBOR on the
refinancing of the Mortgage Debt at 6.4% for the period 1998 through 2003.  The
cost of the Swap consisted only of legal costs which were deemed immaterial.
In the event that the Company does not refinance the Mortgage Debt, the risk
associated with the Swap is that the Company would be obligated to perform its
obligations under the terms of the Swap or would have to pay to terminate the
Swap.  In either event, the impact of such transaction would be reflected in
the Company's statement of operations.  The value of the Swap is impacted by
changes in the market rate of interest.  Had the Swap been entered into on
December 31, 1996, the applicable LIBOR swap rate would have been 6.6%.  Each
0.01% increase or decrease in the applicable swap rate for the Swap increases
or decreases the value of the Swap entered into by the Company versus its
current value by approximately $40,000.




                                      17





<PAGE>   18





RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)

     COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1996 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
(CONTINUED)

     On May 7, 1996, the Company amended its credit agreement on the $50.0
million line of credit ("Credit Facility") increasing the Credit Facility to
$100.0 million at LIBOR plus 1.375% and extending the maturity date to August
17, 1998.  In addition, the fee on the average unused amount was reduced to
0.15% of such amount from 0.25%.  The Company repaid $4.0 million under the
Credit Facility on January 27, 1997.

     Depreciation expense and other costs ($15.7 million) increased $390,000 or
2% as a result of the 1996 Acquisitions.  In addition, the Company sold a
portion of the interest rate cap on the Mortgage Debt related to 1996 and 1997
and incurred non-cash charges of $482,000 and $650,000 in 1996 and 1995,
respectively.  Depreciation expense represented 14.5% of total revenues in 1996
and 15.6% in 1995.

     COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994

     The gross investment in rental property remained relatively stable at $543
million as of December 31, 1995 when compared to $542 million as of December
31, 1994.  The total number of sites decreased from 25,860 as of December 31,
1994 to 25,552 as of December 31, 1995 due to the sale of two properties in
1995.  The acquisition of 23 Properties in 1994 (the "1994 Acquisitions")
increased rental income, property operating and maintenance expenses, real
estate taxes, depreciation, and interest expense for the year ended December
31, 1995 when compared to the year ended December 31, 1994.

     The following table summarizes certain weighted average occupancy
statistics for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994.  "Core Portfolio"
represents an analysis of properties owned during both periods of comparison.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                             Core Portfolio        Total Portfolio
                             --------------     -----------------------
                             1995     1994      1995             1994
                             ----     ----      ----             ----
<S>                          <C>      <C>       <C>              <C>
Total sites                  14,029   13,947    25,375           19,161
Occupied sites               12,932   12,815    23,786           17,792
Occupancy %                    92.2%    91.9%     93.7%            92.9%
Monthly base rent per site  $   270  $   258   $   300          $   277
</TABLE>

     Base rental income ($85.2 million) increased $25.2 million or 42%.  For
the Core Portfolio, base rental income increased approximately $2.3 million or
5.8%, reflecting a 4.8% increase in base rental rates and a 1.0% increase in
occupancy.  For the 1994 Acquisitions, base rental income increased
approximately $23.4 million.  Partially offsetting this increase was the impact
of an approximate $518,000 decrease in base rental income resulting from the
sale of three properties in 1994 and two properties in 1995.

     The 8% increase in monthly base rent per site for the total portfolio was
due to the increase in base rents for the Core Portfolio discussed above, as
well as the full year impact of the 1994 Acquisitions which had higher base
rents than the Core Portfolio. Average monthly rental income for the 1994
Acquisitions was $335 compared to $270 for the Core Portfolio for the year
ended December 31, 1995.

     The 0.9% increase in the occupancy percentage for the total portfolio was
due to improved occupancy in the Southeastern Region as a result of increased
occupancy of expansion sites in that region, increased occupancy in the Rocky
Mountain Region at a majority of the Properties in that region, including
Carriage Park which suffered a decrease in occupancy in 1993 as a result of
flooding, and an increase in occupancy in the Western Region as a result of the
sale of Catalina which was 64% occupied.  Occupancy in the Eastern Region
remained relatively stable.

     Utility and other income ($8.5 million) increased $4.1 million or 95%
primarily due to other income generated by the 1994 Acquisitions and the
one-time collection of water/sewer impact fees at one Property in 1995.



                                      18





<PAGE>   19





RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)

     COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
(CONTINUED)

     Interest income ($2.3 million) decreased $1.3 million or 36% primarily due
to a decrease in interest earned on short-term investments, partially offset by
interest earned on the $15.0 million of notes receivable funded by the Company
during 1994 and 1995.  Short-term investments had average balances for the
years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994 of approximately $4.7 million and $67.3
million, respectively, which earned interest income at an effective rate of
5.2% and 3.7% per annum, respectively.

     Property operating and maintenance expenses ($27.1 million) increased $7.9
million or 41%.  The 1994 Acquisitions comprised $8.2 million of this increase.
Partially offsetting this increase was a decrease of approximately $354,000
relating to the properties which were sold in 1994 and 1995 and a slight
decrease at the Core Portfolio.  Property operating and maintenance expenses
represented 27.9% of total revenues in both 1995 and 1994.

     Real estate taxes ($7.2 million) increased $3.0 million or 72% due to the
1994 Acquisitions which had higher assessed values and higher tax rates than
those Properties in the Core Portfolio causing real estate taxes as a
percentage of revenues to increase.  In addition, tax rates increased in 1995
at the Florida and California Properties.  Real estate taxes represented 7.5%
of total revenues in 1995 and 6.1% in 1994.

     Property management expenses ($4.7 million) increased $576,000 or 14% due
to an increase in management payroll as a result of additions in personnel
directly associated with the 1994 Acquisitions and severance payments for staff
terminated in 1995. Partially offsetting the increase was a decrease in
acquisition related expenses.  In the third and fourth quarter of 1994 the
Company expensed legal due diligence and related costs which had been deferred
earlier in 1994 pending the outcome of acquisition reviews, thus increasing
professional fees for that period.  Property management expenses represented
4.8% of total revenues in 1995 and 6.0% in 1994.

     G&A expenses ($4.5 million) increased $869,000 or 24% primarily due to
increased corporate payroll and related G&A expenses.  During 1994, the Company
supplemented its infrastructure in preparation of the absorption of the 1994
Acquisitions and potential additional acquisition opportunities, increasing its
staffing and overall corporate overhead.  In addition, professional fees
increased resulting from the write-off in 1995 of legal due diligence and
related costs associated with acquisitions which did not materialize.  G&A
represented 4.7% of total revenues in 1995 and 5.3% in 1994.

     Interest expense and related amortization ($18.5 million) increased by
$7.4 million or 66%.  Interest expense increased $7.1 million due to higher
weighted average outstanding debt balances during the 1995 period, as well as
an increase in the effective interest rate.  The weighted average outstanding
debt balances for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994 were $221.0
million and $154.8 million, respectively.  The effective interest rates were
7.6% and 6.27%, respectively.  Amortization increased $273,000 primarily due to
the write-off of loan costs related to the $50 million line of credit with GECC
which expired in March 1995.  Interest expense and related amortization
represented 19.1% of total revenues in 1995 and 16.2% in 1994.

     Depreciation expense and other costs ($16.1 million) increased $6.6
million or 67% as a result of the 1994 Acquisitions. In addition, the Company
sold a portion of the interest rate cap on the Mortgage Debt related to 1996
and incurred a non-cash charge of $650,000 in 1995.  Depreciation expense and
other costs represented 16.6% of total revenues in 1995 and 13.8% in 1994.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Net cash provided by operating activities increased $9.5 million from
$40.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1995 to $49.7 million for the
same period in 1996.  This increase reflected a $7.7 million increase in FFO,
which reflected increases in rental income and decreases of certain expenses as
discussed in "Results of Operations" above, an increase in accounts payable
accruals of approximately $1.6 million primarily related to acquisition
activities and real estate taxes, and an increase in collection of rents
receivable of $498,000, partially offset by decreased collections of
miscellaneous receivables.





                                      19





<PAGE>   20





LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (CONTINUED)

     Net cash provided by operating activities increased $15.3 million from
$24.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1994 to $40.2 million for the
same period in 1995.  This increase reflected an $8.3 million increase in FFO,
as discussed below, and the impact of the following:  (i) increased collection
of rents receivable of approximately $922,000; (ii) increased collection of
miscellaneous receivables of $840,000; (iii) increased accounts payable
accruals of approximately $2.0 million primarily related to an increase in real
estate taxes and payroll; and (iv) decreased cash in 1994 of $2.4 million as a
result of acquiring the prepaid rents and security deposits of the 1994
Acquisitions.

     FFO was defined by the NAREIT in March 1995 as net income (computed in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ["GAAP"]), before
allocation to minority interests, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of
propery, plus real estate depreciation and after adjustments for significant
non-recurring items, if any.  In the first quarter of 1996, the Company adopted
this new definition of FFO which was effective for periods ending after
December 31, 1995.  Prior to this adoption, FFO was defined as income before
allocation to minority interests plus certain non-cash items, primarily
depreciation and amortization.  The Company computes FFO in accordance with the
NAREIT definition which may differ from the methodology for calculating FFO
utilized by other equity REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such
other REITs.  Funds available for distribution ("FAD") is defined as FFO less
non-revenue producing capital expenditures.  The Company believes that FFO and
FAD are useful to investors as a measure of the performance of an equity REIT
because, along with cash flows from operating activities, financing activities
and investing activities, they provide investors an understanding of the
ability of the Company to incur and service debt and to make capital
expenditures.  FFO and FAD in and of themselves do not represent cash generated
from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and therefore should not be
considered an alternative to net income as an indication of the Company's
performance or to net cash flows from operating activities as determined by
GAAP as a measure of liquidity and are not necessarily indicative of cash
available to fund cash needs.

     The following table presents a calculation of FFO and FAD for the years
ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994 (amounts in the thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     For the Years Ended
                                                        December 31,
                                                  -------------------------
Computation of funds from operations:              1996     1995     1994
                                                  -------  -------  -------
<S>                                               <C>      <C>      <C>
 Income before allocation to
  minority interests............................  $26,943  $20,023  $16,616
   Depreciation on real estate assets...........   14,762   14,738    9,277
   Gain on sale of assets and other
    non-recurring items.........................      482     (243)     293
                                                  -------  -------  -------
 Funds from operations (a)......................  $42,187  $34,518  $26,186
                                                  =======  =======  =======
Computation of funds available for distribution:
 Funds from operations (a)......................  $42,187  $34,518  $26,186
   Non-revenue producing improvements -
    rental properties...........................   (3,402)  (3,286)  (3,323)
                                                  -------  -------  -------
Funds available for distribution................  $38,785  $31,232  $22,863
                                                  =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>

     (a) FFO for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994 has been restated
pursuant to the new definition of FFO adopted by the Company for periods ending
after December 31, 1995.


     Net cash used in investing activities increased $65.4 million from $4.4
million provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 1995
to $61.0 million used in investing activities for the year ended December 31,
1996, primarily due to the acquisitions of Waterford and the Casa del Sol
Resorts, the financing of Candlelight Village, the costs incurred in pursuit of
a proposed merger, a decrease in cash from the sale of rental properties in
1996 when compared to 1995 and the purchase of short-term investments, all of
which had maturities of three months or less.  Partially offsetting this
increase were increased distributions from Realty Systems, Inc. ("RSI").



                                      20





<PAGE>   21




LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (CONTINUED)

     Net cash used in investing activities decreased $225.1 million from $220.7
million used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 1994 to
$4.4 million provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31,
1995 due to the following:  (i) a decrease in contributions to RSI; (ii) a
decrease in funding of notes receivable; (iii) the payoff of a $1.5 million
note receivable; (iv) an increase in cash from sale of rental properties in
1995 when compared to 1994; and (v) a decrease in cash used for acquisition
activities as no acquisitions took place in 1995. Partially offsetting the
decrease was a decrease in the redemption of short-term investments, all of
which had maturities of three months or less.

     During 1996, the Company began a proxy solicitation in opposition to
Chateau Properties, Inc.'s ) "Chateau" proposed merger with ROC Communities,
Inc. ("ROC") and incurred approximately $1.3 million in costs and invested in
certain saleable assets with a book value of approximately $9.9 million.  These
expenditures have been included in prepaid expenses and other assets at
December 31, 1996.  On February 11, 1997, the Chateau shareholders approved
Chateau's purchase of ROC.  Thus, the Company will sell the assets acquired and
write-off the capitalized costs in the first quarter of 1997.

     During 1995 and 1996, the Company focused on reducing its investment in
RSI.  RSI has reduced its inventory which has allowed for increased
distributions to the Company.  In addition, in July 1996, RSI entered into an
agreement with an unaffiliated lender whereby the lender will provide floor
plan financing on the purchase of new inventory.  This agreement allowed RSI to
distribute approximately $5.0 million back to the Company.

     On February 28, 1996, the Company acquired Waterford, located near
Wilmington, Delaware, for a purchase price of approximately $21 million.  The
acquisition was funded with an $18.6 million borrowing under the Company's line
of credit and approximately $2.4 million of existing available cash.  Waterford
consists of 621 developed sites and 110 expansion sites; the cost of developing
the expansion sites will be paid by the seller.

     On May 9, 1996, the Company funded a recourse real estate loan for
$6,050,000 to the partnership which owns Candlelight Village, located in
Columbus, Indiana.  The loan has an interest rate of 9.5%, 9.75% and 10% for
the first, second and third years of the loan, respectively, which interest is
payable monthly.  Interest and principal are guaranteed by the general partner
of the partnership which owns Candlelight Village.  The loan matures May 8,
1999 at which time the Company has the option to purchase Candlelight Village.
Candlelight Village consists of 512 sites and 73 expansion sites.  For
financial accounting purposes, the Company accounts for the loan as an
investment in real estate.

     On October 23, 1996, the Company acquired the Casa del Sol Resorts,
located near Phoenix, Arizona, for a purchase price of approximately $17
million.  The acquisition was funded with a borrowing under the Company's line
of credit with a bank.  The Casa del Sol Resorts consist of 485 sites.

     Capital expenditures for improvements were approximately $8.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 1996 compared to $7.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 1995.  Of the $8.1 million, approximately $3.4 million represented
improvements to existing sites.  The Company anticipates spending approximately
$3.2 million on improvements to existing sites during 1997. The Company
believes these improvements are necessary in order to increase and/or maintain
occupancy levels and maximize rental rates charged to new and renewing
residents.  The remaining $4.7 million primarily represented costs to develop
approximately 370 expansion sites at certain of the Properties and costs
associated with the Company's conversion to a new accounting software system
and other corporate headquarter expenditures.  The Company is currently
developing  an additional 104 sites which should be available for occupancy in
1997.

     Net cash provided by financing activities increased $56.6 million from
$45.7 million used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 1995
to $10.9 million provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 1996 primarily due to $52.1 million of borrowings under the line of credit
for the acquisitions of Waterford and the Casa del Sol Resorts and the
financing of Candlelight Village.

     Net cash provided by financing activities decreased $216.1 million from
$170.4 million provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31,
1994 to $45.7 million used in financing activities for the year ended December
31, 1995 primarily due to an increase in cash in 1994 resulting from the sale
of common stock in September 1994 and proceeds received from mortgage notes
payable and the line of credit, which cash was used to fund the 1994
Acquisitions.


                                      21





<PAGE>   22




LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (CONTINUED)

     Distributions to common stockholders and minority interests increased $1.1
million for the year ended December 31, 1996 when compared to the same period
in 1995 due to an increase in the distribution per share and number of shares
and OP units outstanding.  For the year ended December 31, 1996, the Company
declared and paid quarterly distributions totaling $1.22 per share, which
included the fourth quarter distribution paid on January 10, 1997.
Distributions to common stockholders and minority interests increased by $5.7
million for the year ended December 31, 1995 compared to the same period in
1994 due to an increase in the distribution per share and number of shares and
OP units outstanding.  For the year ended December 31, 1995, the Company
declared and paid quarterly distributions totaling $1.18 per share, which
included the fourth quarter distribution paid on January 12, 1996.  Return of
capital on a GAAP basis was $0.24 and $0.44 for the years ended December
31,1996 and 1995, respectively.

     On January 2, 1996, certain members of management of the Company each
entered into subscription agreements with the Company to acquire a total of
270,000 shares of the Company's common stock at $17.375 per share, the market
price on that date. The Company received from these individuals notes (the
"1996 Employee Notes") in exchange for their shares.  The 1996 Employee Notes
accrue interest at 5.91%, mature on January 2, 2005, and are recourse against
the employees in the event the pledged shares are insufficient to repay the
obligations.

     Substantially all of the leases at the Properties allow for monthly or
annual rent increases which provide the Company with the opportunity to achieve
increases in rental income as each lease matures.  Such types of leases
generally minimize the risk of inflation to the Company.

     The Company expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements,
including its distributions, generally through its working capital, net cash
provided by operating activities and availability under the existing line of
credit.  The Company expects to meet certain long-term liquidity requirements
such as scheduled debt maturities, property acquisitions and capital
improvements by long-term collateralized and uncollateralized borrowings
including its existing line of credit and the issuance of debt securities or
additional equity securities in the Company, in addition to working capital.



ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

        See Index to Combined Financial Statements on page F-1 of this 
        Form 10-K.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE


        The Company dismissed Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P. as its independent
        public accountants effective October 8, 1996 and engaged Ernst & Young
        LLP as its new independent public accountants.  This event was reported
        on Form 8-K dated October 8, 1996, filed October 15, 1996.

                                    PART III

ITEMS 10, 11, 12, 13.

        DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT, EXECUTIVE
        COMPENSATION, SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND 
        MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

        The information required by Item 10, Item 11, Item 12, and
        Item 13 will be contained in a definitive proxy statement
        which the Registrant anticipates will be filed no later than
        April 28, 1997, and thus this part has been omitted in
        accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K.


                                      22





<PAGE>   23




                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a)
     (1&2)  See Index to Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 of this
Form 10-K.

     (3) Exhibits:
<TABLE>
<S>    <C>
2*        Admission Agreement between Equity Financial and Management Co.,
           Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. and MHC Operating Partnership
3.1*      Articles of Incorporation of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.
3.2*      Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Manufactured Home 
           Communities, Inc.
3.3*      Bylaws of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.
4         Not applicable
9         Not applicable
10.1*     Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC 
           Operating Limited Partnership
10.2*     Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC Financing Limited Partnership
10.3*     Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC Management Limited Partnership
10.4*     Property Management and Leasing Agreement between MHC Financing
           Limited Partnership and MHC Management Limited Partnership
10.5*     Property Management and Leasing Agreement between MHC Operating
           Limited Partnership and MHC Management Limited Partnership
10.6*     Services Agreement between Realty Systems, Inc. and MHC Management 
           Limited Partnership
10.7*     Rate Protection Agreement
10.8*     Revolving Credit Note made by Realty Systems, Inc. to Equity 
           Financial and Management Co.
10.9*     Assignment to MHC Operating Limited Partnership of Revolving Credit  
           Note made by Realty Systems, Inc. to Equity Financial and 
           Management Co.
10.10*    Stock Option Plan
10.11A*   Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Security Agreement,
           Financing Statement, Fixture Filing and Assignment of Rents
10.11B*   Promissory Note
10.11C*   Assignment of Loan Documents
10.11D*   Assignment of Leases, Rents and Security Deposits
10.11E*   Swap Agreement Pledge and Security Agreement
10.11F*   Cash Collateral Account Security, Pledge and Assignment Agreement
10.11G*   Assignment of Property Management and Leasing Agreement
10.11H*   Trust Agreement
10.12*    Form of Noncompetition Agreement
10.13*    Form of Noncompetition Agreement
10.13A*   Form of Noncompetition Agreement
10.14*    General Electric Credit Corporation Commitment Letter
10.15*    Administrative Services Agreement between Realty Systems, Inc. and 
           Equity Group Investments, Inc.
10.16*    Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement with the Company (the
           Original Owners, EF&M, Directors, Officers and Employees)
10.17*    Administrative Services Agreement between Manufactured Home 
           Communities, Inc. and Equity Group Investments, Inc.
10.18*    Form of Subscription Agreement between the Company and certain 
           officers and other individuals dated March 3, 1993
10.19*    Form of Secured Promissory Note payable to the Company by certain 
           officers dated March 3, 1993
10.20*    Form of Pledge Agreement between the Company and certain officers 
           dated March 3, 1993
10.21*    Loan and Security Agreement between Realty Systems, Inc. and MHC 
           Operating Limited Partnership
10.22*    Equity and Registration Rights Agreement with the Company (the GM 
           Trusts)
10.23***  Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC Lending Limited Partnership
10.23**** Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC-Bay Indies Financing Limited 
           Partnership
10.24**** Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC-De Anza Financing Limited 
           Partnership
10.25**** Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC-DAG Management Limited 
           Partnership


</TABLE>


                                      23





<PAGE>   24



ITEM 14.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K


     (3) Exhibits (continued):

10.26*****  Amendment No. 2 to MHC Operating Limited Partnership Amended
             and Restated Partnership Agreement dated February 15, 1996
10.27*****  Form of Subscription Agreement between the Company and certain
             members of management of the Company dated January 2, 1996
10.28*****  Form of Secured Promissory Note payable to the Company by certain 
             members of management of the Company dated January 2, 1996
10.29*****  Form of Pledge Agreement between the Company and certain members of 
             management of the Company dated January 2, 1996
10.30****** Second Amended and Restated MHC Operating Limited Partnership
             Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of March 15, 1996
11          Not applicable
12*******   Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
13          Not applicable
16          Not applicable
18          Not applicable
21*******   Subsidiaries of the registrant
22          Not applicable
23*******   Consent of Independent Auditors
23.1******* Consent of Independent Auditors
24.1******* Power of Attorney for John F. Podjasek, Jr. dated March 5, 1997
24.2******* Power of Attorney for Michael A. Torres dated January 29, 1997
24.3******* Power of Attorney for Thomas E. Dobrowski dated February 27, 1997
24.4******* Power of Attorney for Gary Waterman dated February 26, 1997
24.5******* Power of Attorney for Donald S. Chisholm dated February 25, 1997
24.6******* Power of Attorney for Louis H. Masotti dated March 4, 1997 
27*******   Financial Data Schedule
28          Not applicable

________________________
        
*       Included as an exhibit to the Company's Form S-11 Registration 
        Statement, File No. 33-55994, and incorporated herein by reference.

**      Included as an exhibit to the Company's Form S-11 Registration 
        Statement, File No. 33-67750, and incorporated herein by reference.

***     Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-K dated 
        December 31, 1993, and incorporated herein by reference.

****    Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-K dated 
        December 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference.

*****   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-Q for the
        quarter ended March 31, 1996, and incorporated herein by reference.

******  Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-Q for the
        quarter ended June 30, 1996, and incorporated herein by reference.

******* Filed herewith.


                                      24





<PAGE>   25






ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
(CONTINUED)

     (b) Reports on Form 8-K:

         Form 8-K dated October 8, 1996, filed October 15, 1996,
         relating to Item 4 - "Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountants"
         and Item 7 - "Financial Statements and Exhibits".

     (c) Exhibits:

         See Item 14 (a)(3) above.

     (d) Financial Statement Schedules:

         See Index to Financial Statements attached hereto on page F-1
         of this Form 10-K.

                                      25





<PAGE>   26





                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.



                                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.,
                                      a Maryland corporation





Date:  March 7, 1997                  By:  /s/ David A. Helfand
       -------------                       -------------------------------------
                                           David A. Helfand
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer
        


Date:  March 7, 1997                  By:  /s/ Thomas P. Heneghan
       -------------                       -------------------------------------
                                           Thomas P. Heneghan
                                           Executive Vice President, Treasurer
                                             and Chief Financial Officer

Date:  March 7, 1997                  By:  /s/ Judy A. Pultorak
       -------------                       -------------------------------------
                                           Judy A. Pultorak
                                           Principal Accounting Officer




                                     26





<PAGE>   27





MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC. - SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in capacities and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Name                            Title                      Date
- -----------------------  -------------------------------------  -------------
<S>                      <C>                                    <C>
/s/ David A. Helfand     Chief Executive Officer and President
- --------------------               *Attorney-in-Fact            March 7, 1997
   David A. Helfand                                             -------------
                          
/s/ Thomas P. Heneghan    Executive Vice President, Treasurer
- -----------------------       and Chief Financial Officer
  Thomas P. Heneghan               *Attorney-in-Fact            March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
/s/ Samuel Zell                  Chairman of the Board
- ---------------
      Samuel Zell                                               March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
/s/ Sheli Z. Rosenberg                 Director
- ----------------------
  Sheli Z. Rosenberg                                            March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
/s/ Timothy H. Callahan                Director
- -----------------------
  Timothy H. Callahan                                           March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
*Donald S. Chisholm                    Director
- -------------------
  Donald S. Chisholm                                            March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
*Thomas E. Dobrowski                   Director
- --------------------
  Thomas E. Dobrowski                                           March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
*Louis H. Masotti                      Director
- -------------------
   Louis H. Masotti                                             March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
*John F. Podjasek, Jr.                 Director
- ----------------------
 John F. Podjasek, Jr.                                          March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
*Michael A. Torres                     Director
- ------------------
   Michael A. Torres                                            March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
*Gary L. Waterman                      Director
- -----------------
   Gary L. Waterman                                             March 7, 1997
                                                                -------------
</TABLE>                                                        


                                     27











<PAGE>   28
                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.

                                                                            



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Page
                                                                    ----
<S>                                                                 <C>
Reports of Independent Auditors............................. F-2 and F-3

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 
  December 31, 1996 and 1995................................         F-4

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended 
  December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994...........................        F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended 
  December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994...........................        F-6

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
  for the years ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994.......        F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements...................        F-8


Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts..............        S-1

Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation......        S-2
</TABLE>



                                      F-1

<PAGE>   29



                         Report of Independent Auditors





To the Board of Directors of
Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.


     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. as of December 31, 1996, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash
flows for the year then ended.  We have also audited the related financial
statement schedules listed in the accompanying index for the year ended
December 31, 1996.  These financial statements and schedules are the
responsibility of the management of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
schedules based on our audit.

     We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of Manufactured
Home Communities, Inc. as of December 31, 1996 and the consolidated results of
their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.  Also, in our opinion, the related
financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all 
material respects the information required to be included therein.






ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Chicago, Illinois
January 27, 1997, except for Note 15, as 
to which the date is February 11, 1997


                                      F-2


<PAGE>   30



                         Report of Independent Auditors





To the Board of Directors of
Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.


     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. as of December 31, 1995, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' and cash flows
for each of the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994.  We have also audited
the related schedules listed in the accompanying index for the years ended
December 31, 1995 and 1994.  These financial statements are the responsibility
of the management of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.  Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our
audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of Manufactured
Home Communities, Inc. as of December 31, 1995 and the consolidated results of
their operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.






COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.

Chicago, Illinois
February 16, 1996

                                      F-3


<PAGE>   31

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                        AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1996 AND 1995
                    (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE DATA)




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  1996      1995
                                                                --------  --------
<S>                                                             <C>       <C>
ASSETS     
Investment in rental property:
  Land........................................................  $138,514  $127,229
  Land improvements...........................................   370,440   328,667
  Buildings and other depreciable property....................    88,696    87,333
                                                                --------  --------
                                                                 597,650   543,229
  Accumulated depreciation....................................   (71,481)  (56,403)
                                                                --------  --------
    Net investment in rental property.........................   526,169   486,826
Cash and cash equivalents.....................................       324       760
Short-term investments (at cost, which approximates market)...     1,968     1,682
Notes receivable..............................................    15,427    15,010
Investment in and advances to affiliates......................     6,836    10,987
Rents receivable..............................................       723       935
Deferred financing costs, net.................................     1,999     3,268
Prepaid expenses and other assets.............................    14,279     3,156
Due from affiliates...........................................       149       501
                                                                --------  --------
  Total assets................................................  $567,874  $523,125
                                                                ========  ========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:
  Mortgage notes payable......................................  $197,482  $199,066
  Line of credit..............................................    57,500    12,900
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses.......................    14,364     8,759
  Accrued interest payable....................................     1,495     1,258
  Rents received in advance and security deposits.............     1,897     1,792
  Distributions payable.......................................     8,439     7,998
  Due to affiliates...........................................       105       547
                                                                --------  --------
    Total liabilities.........................................   281,282   232,320
                                                                --------  --------
Commitments and contingencies
Minority interests............................................    28,640    29,305
                                                                --------  --------
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $.01 par value
    10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued.................       ---       ---
  Common stock, $.01 par value
    50,000,000 shares authorized; 24,951,948 and
    24,502,877 shares issued and 24,951,948 and 24,393,149 shares
      outstanding for 1996 and 1995, respectively.............       249       244
  Paid-in capital.............................................   293,512   288,533
  Treasury stock, 109,728 shares of common stock..............       ---    (1,987)
  Employee notes..............................................    (6,158)   (1,565)
  Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings.............   (29,651)  (23,725)
                                                                --------  --------
    Total stockholders' equity................................   257,952   261,500
                                                                --------  --------
  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity..................  $567,874  $523,125
                                                                ========  ========
</TABLE>



    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                      F-4


<PAGE>   32

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1996, 1995 AND 1994
                  (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           1996     1995     1994
                                                          -------  -------  -------
<S>                                                       <C>      <C>      <C>
REVENUES
  Base rental income....................................  $93,109  $85,242  $60,085
  Utility and other income..............................    8,821    8,481    4,348
  Equity in income of affiliates........................      853      885      727
  Interest income.......................................    2,420    2,296    3,599
                                                          -------  -------  -------
    Total revenues......................................  105,203   96,904   68,759
                                                          -------  -------  -------

EXPENSES
  Property operating and maintenance....................   28,399   27,057   19,203
  Real estate taxes.....................................    7,947    7,241    4,214
  Property management...................................    4,338    4,675    4,099
  General and administrative............................    3,335    3,151    2,618
  General and administrative - affiliates...............      727    1,386    1,050
  Interest and related amortization.....................   17,782   18,527   11,146
  Depreciation on corporate assets......................      488      349      243
  Depreciation on real estate assets and other costs....   15,244   15,773    9,277
                                                          -------  -------  -------
    Total expenses......................................   78,260   78,159   51,850
                                                          -------  -------  -------
  Income from operations................................   26,943   18,745   16,909
  Gain (loss) on sale of rental properties..............      ---    1,278     (293)
                                                          -------  -------  -------
  Income before allocation to minority
    interests...........................................   26,943   20,023   16,616
  (Income) allocated to minority
    interests...........................................   (2,671)  (2,006)  (1,568)
                                                          -------  -------  -------
  Net income............................................  $24,272  $18,017  $15,048
                                                          =======  =======  =======
  Net income per weighted average common share
    outstanding.........................................  $   .98  $   .74  $   .70
                                                          =======  =======  =======
  Distributions declared
    per common share outstanding........................  $  1.22  $  1.18  $  1.14
                                                          =======  =======  =======
  Weighted average common shares outstanding............   24,693   24,353   21,508
                                                          =======  =======  =======
  Tax status of distributions
    Ordinary income.....................................  $   .90  $   .68  $   .63
                                                          =======  =======  =======
    Capital gain........................................  $   ---  $   .02  $   ---
                                                          =======  =======  =======
    Return of capital...................................  $   .32  $   .48  $   .51
                                                          =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>



    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                      F-5


<PAGE>   33

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1996, 1995 AND 1994
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)




<TABLE>
<S>                                                            <C>       <C>       <C>
                                                                 1996      1995      1994
                                                                -------   -------    -------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income.................................................   $24,272   $18,017    $15,048
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to
    cash provided by operating activities:
    Income allocated to minority interests...................     2,671     2,006      1,568
    Depreciation and amortization expense....................    16,720    17,842     10,967
    (Gain) loss on sale of rental properties.................       ---    (1,278)       293
    Equity in income of Affiliates...........................      (853)     (885)      (727)
    Amortization of deferred compensation and other..........     1,242       377        ---
    Decrease (increase) in rents receivable..................       212       710       (212)
    (Increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets..........      (109)     (664)    (1,504)
    Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses........     5,400     3,833      1,880
    Increase (decrease) in rents received in advance
      and security deposits..................................       105       203     (2,403)
                                                                -------   -------    -------
  Net cash provided by operating activities..................    49,660    40,161     24,910
                                                                -------   -------    -------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  (Purchase) redemption of short-term investments, net.......      (286)    4,799    125,738
  Proposed merger costs......................................   (11,205)      ---        ---
  Distributions from (contributions to) Affiliates...........     5,004     1,399     (1,483)
  Funding of notes receivable................................       ---       ---    (12,000)
  Collection of principal payments on notes receivable.......       126     1,832         78
  Net proceeds from sale of rental property..................       ---     4,762      1,005
  Acquisition of rental properties...........................   (46,531)     (600)  (326,679)
  Improvements:
    Improvements - corporate.................................      (844)     (808)    (1,497)
    Improvements - rental properties.........................    (3,402)   (3,286)    (3,323)
    Site development costs...................................    (3,816)   (3,716)    (2,546)
                                                                -------   -------    -------
  Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities........   (60,954)    4,382   (220,707)
                                                                -------   -------    -------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net proceeds from sale of common stock
    and exercise of stock options............................     1,014       752     76,500
  Distributions to common stockholders and minority interests   (33,070)  (31,963)   (26,268)
  Treasury stock acquired....................................       ---    (1,987)       ---
  Collection of principal payments on employee notes.........        99     2,485         70
  Proceeds from mortgage notes payable and line of credit....    52,100       ---    178,650
  Repayments on mortgage notes payable and line of credit....    (9,084)  (14,704)   (56,496)
  Debt issuance costs and other..............................      (201)     (290)    (2,029)
                                                                -------   -------    -------
  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities........    10,858   (45,707)   170,427
                                                                -------   -------    -------
Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents..................      (436)   (1,164)   (25,370)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year.................       760     1,924     27,294
                                                                -------   -------    -------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year.......................   $   324   $   760    $ 1,924
                                                                =======   =======    =======
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Cash paid during the year for interest.......................   $16,557   $16,156    $ 9,382
                                                                =======   =======    =======
</TABLE>




    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                      F-6


<PAGE>   34

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1996, 1995 AND 1994
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1996       1995       1994
                                                    --------   --------   --------
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>
PREFERRED STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE..................   $    ---   $    ---   $    ---
                                                    ========   ========   ========
COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE
Balance, beginning of year.......................   $    244   $    244   $    204
  Issuance of common stock for employee notes....          3        ---        ---
  Issuance of common stock through restricted
    stock awards.................................          2        ---        ---
  Retirement of treasury stock...................         (1)       ---        ---
  Exercise of options............................          1        ---        ---
  Net proceeds from shelf offering...............        ---        ---         40
                                                    --------   --------   --------
Balance, end of year.............................   $    249   $    244   $    244
                                                    ========   ========   ========
PAID - IN CAPITAL
Balance, beginning of year.......................   $288,533   $287,397   $210,884
  Issuance of common stock for employee notes....      4,689        ---        ---
  Retirement of treasury stock...................     (1,986)       ---        ---
  Conversion of OP Units to common stock.........         23        ---        ---
  Recognition of deferred compensation expense...        951         86        ---
  Exercise of options............................      1,013        752        607
  Issuance of common stock through restricted
    stock awards.................................        289        291        ---
  Net proceeds from shelf offering...............        ---        ---     75,790
  Adjustment for minority interests ownership
    in operating partnership.....................        ---          7        116
                                                    --------   --------   --------
Balance, end of year.............................   $293,512   $288,533   $287,397
                                                    ========   ========   ========
TREASURY STOCK
Balance, beginning of year.......................   $ (1,987)  $    ---   $    ---
  Common stock retired (acquired), 109,728 shares      1,987     (1,987)       ---
                                                    --------   --------   --------
Balance, end of year.............................   $    ---   $ (1,987)  $    ---
                                                    ========   ========   ========
EMPLOYEE NOTES
Balance, beginning of year.......................   $ (1,565)  $ (4,050)  $ (4,120)
  Notes received for issuance of common stock....     (4,692)       ---        ---
  Principal payments.............................         99      2,485         70
                                                    --------   --------   --------
Balance, end of year.............................   $ (6,158)   $(1,565)   $(4,050)
                                                    ========   ========   ========
DISTRIBUTIONS IN EXCESS OF ACCUMULATED EARNINGS
Balance, beginning of year.......................   $(23,725)  $(12,989)   $(2,542)
  Net income.....................................     24,272     18,017     15,048
  Distributions..................................    (30,198)   (28,753)   (25,495)
                                                    --------   --------   --------
Balance, end of year.............................   $(29,651)  $(23,725)  $(12,989)
                                                    ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>



    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                      F-7


<PAGE>   35

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. (together with its consolidated
subsidiaries, the "Company"), formed in March 1993, is a Maryland corporation
which has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT").  The
Company owns or has a controlling interest in 69 manufactured home communities
located in 19 states, consisting of 27,356 sites.  The Company generally will
not be subject to Federal income tax to the extent it distributes its REIT
taxable income to its stockholders.

     The operations of the Company are conducted through certain entities which
are owned or controlled by the Company.  MHC Operating Limited Partnership (the
"Operating Partnership") is the entity through which the Company conducts
substantially all of its operations.  The Company contributed the proceeds from
its initial public offering to the Operating Partnership for a general
partnership interest.  The limited partners of the Operating Partnership (the
"Minority Interests") receive an allocation of net income which is based on
their respective ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership which is
shown on the Consolidated Financial Statements as Minority Interests.  As of
December 31, 1996, the Minority Interests represented 2,714,889 units of
limited partnership interest ("OP Units") which are convertible into an
equivalent number of shares of the Company's stock.  The issuance of additional
shares of common stock or OP Units changes the respective ownership of the
Operating Partnership for both the Minority Interests and the Company.

     Sub-partnerships of the Operating Partnership were created to (i)
facilitate mortgage financing (the "Financing Partnerships"); (ii) facilitate
the Company's ability to provide financing to manufactured home communities
("Lending Partnership"); (iii) own the management operations of the Company
("Management Partnerships"); and (iv) own the assets and operations of certain
utility companies which service the Company's properties ("MHC Systems").

     The accompanying financial statements represent the consolidated financial
information of the Company and its subsidiaries.  Due to the Company's ability
as general partner to control either through ownership or by contract the
Operating Partnership, the Financing Partnerships, the Lending Partnerships,
the Management Partnerships and MHC Systems, each such subsidiary has been
consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes.

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  (a) Use of Estimates

  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
  accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
  that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
  contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
  the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

  (b) Rental Property

  Rental property is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Statement
  of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of
  Long-Lived Assets and For Long-Lived Assets To Be Disposed Of" ("SFAS No.
  121") was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1995.  The
  Company evaluates rental properties for impairment when conditions exist
  which may indicate that it is probable that the sum of expected future cash
  flows (undiscounted) from a rental property is less than its carrying value.
  Upon determination that a permanent impairment has occurred, rental
  properties are reduced to fair value.  For the year ended December 31, 1996,
  permanent impairment conditions did not exist at any of the Company's
  properties.

  Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful
  lives of the assets. The Company uses a 30-year estimated life for buildings
  acquired and structural and land improvements, a ten-to-fifteen year
  estimated life for building upgrades and a three-to-seven year estimated life
  for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance
  and repairs are expensed to operations as incurred and significant
  renovations and improvements which improve the asset and/or extend the useful
  life of the asset are capitalized over their estimated useful life. Initial
  direct leasing costs are expensed as incurred.





                                      F-8


<PAGE>   36

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     (b) Rental Property(continued)

     The distribution of the Properties throughout the United States reflects 
     the Company's belief that geographic diversification helps insulate the 
     portfolio from regional economic influences.  At the same time, the 
     Company has sought to create clusters of Properties within each of its 
     primary markets in order to achieve economies of scale in management and 
     operation.  The Company's five largest markets are South Florida, North 
     Florida, the Northeast, Arizona, and Colorado. These markets account for  
     27.2%, 9.9%, 9.8%, 8.7%, and 11.8%, respectively, of the Company's total 
     revenues for the year ended December 31, 1996.

     (c) Cash and Cash Equivalents

     The Company considers all demand and money market accounts and certificates
     of deposit with an original maturity when purchased of three months or 
     less, to be cash equivalents.

     (d) Notes Receivable

     Notes receivable generally are stated at their outstanding unpaid principal
     balances net of any deferred fees or costs on originated loans, or
     unamortized discounts.  Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal
     balance.  Discounts are amortized to income using the interest method.

     (e) Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures About 
     Fair Value of Financial Instruments" requires disclosures about the fair 
     value of financial instruments whether or not such instruments are 
     recognized in the balance sheet. The Company's financial instruments 
     include short-term investments, notes receivable, accounts receivable, 
     accounts payable, other accrued expenses, mortgage notes payable and 
     interest rate hedge arrangements. The fair value of all financial 
     instruments, including notes receivable, were not materially different 
     from their carrying values at December 31, 1996 and 1995, except the fair 
     market value of certain derivatives related to the Mortgage Debt (see 
     Note 8).

     (f) Deferred Financing Costs

     Deferred financing costs include fees and costs incurred to obtain 
     long-term financing and costs to obtain the interest rate cap for the 
     Mortgage Debt. The costs are being amortized over the terms of the 
     respective loans on a level yield basis.  Unamortized deferred financing 
     fees are written-off when debt is retired before the maturity date. 
     Accumulated amortization for such costs was $6,211,736 and $4,747,978 at 
     December 31, 1996 and 1995, respectively.

     (g) Revenue Recognition

     Rental income attributable to leases is recorded when earned from tenants.

     (h) Earnings Per Common Share

     Earnings per common share are based on the weighted average number of 
     common shares outstanding during each year. The conversion of an OP Unit 
     to common stock will have no effect on earnings per common share since 
     the allocation of earnings to an OP Unit is equivalent to earnings 
     allocated to a share of common stock.  The outstanding common stock 
     options have less than a 1% dilutive effect on earnings per share.









                                      F-9


<PAGE>   37

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     (i) Minority Interests

     Net income is allocated to Minority Interests based on their respective
     ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership.  An ownership percentage
     is represented by dividing the number of OP Units held by the Minority
     Interests (2,714,889 at December 31, 1996) by total OP Units and common 
     stock outstanding.  Issuance of additional shares of common stock or OP 
     Units changes the percentage ownership of both the Minority Interests and 
     the Company.  Due in part to the exchange rights, such transactions and the
     proceeds therefrom are treated as capital transactions and result in an
     allocation between stockholders' equity and Minority Interests to account 
     for the change in respective percentage ownership of the underlying 
     equity of the Operating Partnership.

     (j) Income Taxes

     Due to the structure of the Company as a REIT, the results of operations
     contain no provision for Federal income taxes.  However, the Company may be
     subject to certain state and local income, excise or franchise taxes.  The
     Company paid state and local taxes of $73,000 and $183,000 during the years
     ended December 31, 1996 and 1995. As of December 31, 1996, net investment 
     in rental property and notes receivable had a federal tax basis of 
     approximately $442.8 million and $35.0 million, respectively.

     (k) Reclassifications

     Certain 1995 and 1994 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 1996
     financial presentation.  Such reclassifications have no effect on the
     operations as originally presented.

NOTE 3 - COMMON STOCK AND OTHER EQUITY RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The following table presents the changes in the Company's outstanding common 
stock for the years ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994 (excluding OP Units 
of 2,714,889, 2,717,048 and 2,717,048 outstanding at December 31, 1996, 1995 
and 1994, respectively):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           1996        1995        1994
                                                        ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>
Shares outstanding at January 1,......................  24,393,149  24,426,887  20,370,998
      Common stock purchased by key employees of 
       the Company....................................     270,000         ---         ---
      Common stock issued through Shelf Offering......         ---         ---   4,000,000
      Common stock issued through conversion of 
       OP Units.......................................       2,159         ---         ---
      Common stock issued through exercise of Options.      75,497      58,500      47,166
      Common stock issued through stock awards........     211,143      17,490       8,723
      Common stock purchased in 1995 and retired 
       in 1996........................................         ---   (109,728)          --
                                                        ----------  ----------  ----------
Shares outstanding at December 31,....................  24,951,948  24,393,149  24,426,887
                                                        ==========  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

     On August 26, 1994, the Company was declared effective on its Registration
Statement offering of up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock. During September
1994, the Company sold 4,000,000 shares in separate privately negotiated
transactions (the "Shelf Offering"). The average price per share was $19.135,
resulting in gross offering proceeds of approximately $76.5 million. Net of
offering expenses, the Company received approximately $75.8 million.  The
Company contributed the net proceeds from the Shelf Offering to the Operating
Partnership.

     During 1994, the Company, as general partner of the Operating Partnership,
approved the addition of new limited partners (the "1994 Limited Partners") to
the Operating Partnership in connection with the acquisition of certain
properties. The interests of the 1994 Limited Partners are represented by
437,236 OP Units. An OP Unit is exchangeable on a one-for-one basis for a share
of the Company's common stock.  OP Units receive the same amount in
distributions as holders of common stock.





                                      F-10


<PAGE>   38

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 3 - COMMON STOCK AND OTHER EQUITY RELATED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     As of December 31, 1996, the Company's percentage ownership of the
Operating Partnership was 90.19%. The remaining 9.81% is owned by the Minority
Interests.

     The Company paid a $.305 per share distribution on April 12, 1996, July
12, 1996, October 11, 1996 and January 10, 1997 for the quarters ended March
31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, 1996, respectively, to stockholders
of record on March 29, June 28, September 27, and December 27, 1996,
respectively.

     In September 1996, the Company retired 109,728 shares of common stock
which were held in treasury.

NOTE 4 - RENTAL PROPERTY

     Land improvements consist primarily of improvements made to land such as
landscaping and infrastructure. Depreciable property consists of permanent
buildings in the communities such as clubhouses, laundry facilities,
maintenance storage facilities, and furniture, fixtures and equipment.

     During the year ended December 31, 1994, the Company acquired 23
communities consisting of 11,476 sites for an aggregate purchase price of
approximately $348.4 million.  The acquisitions were funded with approximately
$145.9 million in borrowings, $8.3 million in OP units, and the remainder in
working capital.

     On April 24, 1995, Catalina Village located in Phoenix, Arizona, was sold
for cash of approximately $1.5 million and a purchase money note receivable of
$1.45 million, net of a fair value discount of $450,000.  The Company recorded
a gain of approximately $408,000 in the second quarter of 1995.  On September
29, 1995, Elmwood located in Canby, Oregon, was sold for cash of approximately
$3.5 million.  The Company recorded a gain of approximately $810,000 in the
third quarter of 1995.

     On February 28, 1996, the Company acquired Waterford, located near
Wilmington, Delaware, for a purchase price of approximately $21 million.  The
acquisition was funded with an $18.6 million borrowing under the Company's line
of credit with a bank and approximately $2.4 million of existing available
cash.  Waterford consists of 621 developed sites and 110 expansion sites; the
cost of completing the expansion sites will be paid by the seller.

     On May 9, 1996, the Company funded a recourse first mortgage real estate
loan for $6,050,000 to the partnership which owns Candlelight Village, located
in Columbus, Indiana.  The loan has an interest rate of 9.5%, 9.75% and 10% for
the first, second and third years of the loan, respectively, which interest is
payable monthly.  Interest and principal are guaranteed by the general partner
of the partnership which owns Candlelight Village.  The loan matures May 8,
1999 at which time the Company has the option to purchase Candlelight Village.
Candlelight Village consists of 512 sites and 73 expansion sites.  For
financial accounting purposes, the Company accounts for the loan as an
investment in real estate.

     On October 23, 1996, the Company acquired two properties, Casa del Sol
Resort No. 1 and Casa del Sol Resort No. 2 (collectively, the "Casa del Sol
Resorts"), located near Phoenix, Arizona, for a purchase price of approximately
$17 million.  The acquisition was funded with a borrowing under the Company's
line of credit with a bank.  The Casa del Sol Resorts consist of 485 sites.

     The acquisitions have been accounted for utilizing the purchase method of
accounting and, accordingly, the results of operations of acquired assets are
included in the statement of operations from the dates of acquisitions.  The
Company acquired all of the communities from unaffiliated third parties.

     The Company is actively seeking to acquire additional communities and
currently is engaged in negotiations relating to the possible acquisition of a
number of communities.  At any time these negotiations are at varying stages
which may include contracts outstanding to acquire certain manufactured home
communities which are subject to satisfactory completion of the Company's due
diligence review.







                                      F-11


<PAGE>   39

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 5 - INVESTMENT IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES

     Investment in and advances to affiliates consists principally of preferred
stock of Realty Systems, Inc. ("RSI") and LP Management Corp. (collectively
"Affiliates") and advances under a line of credit between the Company and RSI.
The Company accounts for the investment in and advances to Affiliates using the
equity method of accounting.

     Following is unaudited financial information for the Affiliates for the
year ended December 31, 1996 and 1995 (amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                1996      1995
                                              --------  --------
             <S>                              <C>       <C>
             Assets                            $12,772   $14,739
             Liabilities, net of amounts due
               to the Company                   (5,936)   (3,752)
                                              --------  --------
             Net investment in Affiliates      $ 6,836   $10,987
                                              ========  ========
             Gross sales                       $20,645   $18,409
             Cost of sales                     (17,539)  (15,599)
             Other revenues and expenses        (2,253)   (1,925)
                                              --------  --------
             Equity in income of Affiliates    $   853   $   885
                                              ========  ========
</TABLE>

NOTE 6 - NOTES RECEIVABLE

     At December 31, 1996 and 1995, notes receivable consisted of the following
(amounts in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  1996        1995
                                                                -------     -------
<S>                                                             <C>         <C>
$2.0 million note receivable with monthly principal and
interest payments at 9.0%, maturing on 6/10/2003.............   $ 1,596     $ 1,768

$1.2 million purchase money notes with monthly principal and
interest payments at 7%, maturing on 7/31/2001...............     1,160       1,174

$10 million leasehold mortgage loan with interest accruing at
a stated rate of 12.5% with a pay rate of 8.75%, maturing on
9/1/2013 (a).................................................    11,071      10,558

$1.9 million note receivable with monthly interest
payments at prime plus 1.6%, maturing on 4/15/2000 (b).......     1,600       1,510
                                                                -------     -------
Total notes receivable.......................................   $15,427     $15,010
                                                                =======     =======
</TABLE>

(a) The $10 million mortgage loan (the "Bayside Loan") is collateralized by a
leasehold interest held by the borrower. The maturity of the Bayside Loan is
co-terminus with the maturity of the ground lease. The pay rate increases 25
basis points per year until 2001 when it will be fixed through maturity. The
excess of the stated rate over the pay rate is added to the principal balance
and will also accrue at the stated rate (the "Deferred Interest"). The Deferred
Interest and interest accrued thereon shall be payable out of a participating
percentage of cash flow.

(b) The pay rate is capped at 12%.  The excess of the stated rate over the pay
rate is added to the principal balance and will also accrue interest at the
stated rate.  The note was recorded net of a $450,000 fair value discount.  As
of December 31, 1996 and 1995, the unamortized discount was $300,000 and
$390,000, respectively.










                                      F-12


<PAGE>   40

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 7 - EMPLOYEE NOTES RECEIVABLE

     In December 1992, certain directors, officers and other individuals each
entered into subscription agreements with the Company to acquire 440,000 shares
of the Company's common stock at $7.25 per share. In addition, in 1993, the
then Chief Executive Officer, subscribed for an additional 100,000 shares at
the Initial Offering price of $12.875. Cash of $39,150 was paid to acquire
5,400 of the shares and subscription agreements were entered into for the
remaining shares. Upon successful completion of a public stock offering, the
subscription agreements allowed the individuals who were employees to tender
notes (the "1993 Employee Notes") to the Company in exchange for their
remaining shares. The 1993 Employee Notes accrue interest at 6.77%, mature on
March 2, 2003, and are recourse against the employees in the event the pledged
shares are insufficient to repay the obligations.  In January 1995, effective
March 31, 1995, the then Chief Executive Officer of the Company resigned and in
accordance with the terms of the 1993 Employee Notes, was required to repay his
1993 Employee Note. The Company acquired 109,600 shares of common stock and
cash based upon an $18.125 per share common stock price as payment for such
1993 Employee Note. The 109,600 shares were being held in Treasury and in 1996
were retired.

     On January 2, 1996, certain members of management of the Company each
entered into subscription agreements with the Company to acquire a total of
270,000 shares of the Company's common stock at $17.375 per share, the market
price on that date.  The Company received from these individuals notes (the
"1996 Employee Notes") in exchange for their shares.  The 1996 Employee Notes
accrue interest at 5.91%, mature on January 2, 2005, and are recourse against
the employees in the event the pledged shares are insufficient to repay the
obligations.

NOTE 8 - LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

     At December 31, 1996 and 1995, long-term borrowings consisted of the
following (amounts in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       1996        1995
                                                                     --------    --------
<S>                                                                  <C>         <C>
$100.0 million mortgage notes payable with monthly interest only
payments at LIBOR plus 1.05%, maturing 3/3/98 (a)..................  $100,000    $100,000

First mortgage loan with monthly principal and interest payments
at 7.40%, maturing on 3/1/2004 (b).................................     8,620       8,767

Purchase money note with structured principal and interest payments
at an imputed rate of 7.38%, maturing on 7/11/2004.................     1,334       1,516

First mortgage loan with monthly principal and interest payments
at a rate of 7.48%, maturing on 8/1/2004 (c).......................    24,544      24,859

$65.0 million first mortgage loan with monthly principal and
interest payments at 8%, maturing on 9/1/2001 (d)..................    62,984      63,924
                                                                     --------    --------
Total collateralized borrowings....................................   197,482     199,066

$100.0 million line of credit at LIBOR plus 1.375% (e).............    57,500      12,900
                                                                     --------    --------
Total long-term borrowings.........................................  $254,982    $211,966
                                                                     ========    ========
</TABLE>

(a) The $100.0 million mortgage notes payable (the "Mortgage Debt") are
collateralized by 32 of the Original Properties beneficially owned by MHC
Financing.  The Company has an interest rate cap for the term of the Mortgage
Debt which eliminates exposure to increases in LIBOR over 6%, plus 1.05%.  In
connection with the various swap agreements, discussed below, the Company sold
portions of the interest rate cap related to 1996 and 1997 and recorded a
non-cash write-off of approximately $650,000 in the fourth quarter of 1995 and
$482,000 in the fourth quarter of 1996.




                                      F-13


<PAGE>   41

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



NOTE 8 - LONG-TERM BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

     In December 1995, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
fixing the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") on the Mortgage Debt at
5.24% effective January 10, 1996 through January 10, 1997.  The value of this
agreement is impacted by changes in the market rate of interest.  Had the
agreement been entered into on December 31, 1996, the applicable LIBOR swap
rate would have been 5.6%.  Each 0.01% increase or decrease in the applicable
swap rate for this agreement increases or decreases the value of the agreement
entered into by the Company versus its current value by approximately $850.

     In October 1996, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
fixing LIBOR on the Mortgage Debt at 5.57% effective January 10, 1997 through
March 3, 1998.  The value of this agreement is impacted by changes in the
market rate of interest.  Had the agreement been entered into on December 31,
1996, the applicable LIBOR swap rate would have been 5.8%.  Each 0.01% increase
or decrease in the applicable swap rate for this agreement increases or
decreases the value of the agreement entered into by the Company versus its
current value by approximately $2,300.

     In July 1995, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
(the "Swap") beginning at the maturity of the Mortgage Debt fixing LIBOR on the
refinancing of the Mortgage Debt at 6.4% for the period 1998 through 2003.  The
cost of the Swap consisted only of legal costs which were deemed immaterial.
In the event that the Company does not refinance the Mortgage Debt, the risk
associated with the Swap is that the Company would be obligated to perform its
obligations under the terms of the Swap or would have to pay to terminate the
Swap.  In either event, the impact of such transaction would be reflected in
the Company's statement of operations.  The value of the Swap is impacted by
changes in the market rate of interest.  Had the Swap been entered into on
December 31, 1996, the applicable LIBOR swap rate would have been 6.6%.  Each
0.01% increase or decrease in the applicable swap rate for the Swap increases
or decreases the value of the Swap entered into by the Company versus its
current value by approximately $40,000.

(b) The non-recourse loan is collateralized by the Brentwood Manor and Palm
Shadows properties.

(c) The non-recourse loan is collateralized by the Bay Indies property.

(d) The non-recourse loan is collateralized by seven properties acquired in
1994.

(e) On May 7, 1996, the Company amended the credit agreement increasing the
$50.0 million line of credit to $100.0 million at LIBOR plus 1.375% and
extending the maturity date to August 17, 1998.  In addition, the fee on the
average unused amount was reduced to .15% of such amount from .25%.  The
Company paid a $201,000 loan fee which is being amortized over the remaining
period of the amended agreement.

     As of December 31, 1996, the carrying value of the property
collateralizing the long-term borrowings was approximately $331 million.

     Aggregate payments of principal on long-term borrowings for each of the
next five years and thereafter are as follows (amounts in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Year      Amount
                              ----------  --------
                              <S>         <C>

                                1997        $1,520
                                1998       159,257
                                1999         1,776
                                2000         1,915
                                2001        59,162
                              Thereafter    31,352
                                          --------

                              Total       $254,982
                                          ========
</TABLE>









                                      F-14


<PAGE>   42

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 9 - LEASE AGREEMENTS

     The leases entered into between the tenant and the Company for the rental
of a site are month-to-month or for a period of one to ten years, renewable
upon the consent of the parties or, in some instances as provided by statute.
Non-cancelable long-term leases, ranging from one to fifteen years, are in
effect at certain sites within six of the properties. Rental rate increases at
these properties are primarily a function of increases in the Consumer Price
Index taking into consideration certain floors and ceilings. Additionally,
periodic market rate adjustments are made as deemed necessary. Future minimum
rents scheduled to be received under noncancelable tenant leases at December
31, 1996 are as follows (amounts in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Year     Amount
                              ----------  -------
                              <S>         <C>

                                 1997     $13,917
                                 1998       9,312
                                 1999       5,523
                                 2000       5,685
                                 2001       5,854
                              Thereafter   29,161
                                          -------

                                 Total    $69,452
                                          =======
</TABLE>


NOTE 10 - TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

     Equity Group Investments, Inc. ("EGI"), an entity controlled by Mr. Samuel
Zell, Chairman of the Board of Directors, and certain of its affiliates have
provided services such as administrative support, investor relations, corporate
secretarial, real estate tax evaluation services, market consulting and
research services, and computer and support services, as well as, providing
office space to the Company.  Fees paid to EGI and its affiliates amounted to
approximately $708,000, $1,047,000 and $1,125,000 for the years ended December
31, 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.  Amounts due to these affiliates were
approximately $31,000 and $276,000 as of December 31, 1996 and 1995,
respectively.

     Certain related entities, owned by persons affiliated with Mr. Zell, have
provided services to the Company.  These entities include, but are not limited
to, Rosenberg & Liebentritt, P.C. which provided legal services; The Riverside
Agency, Inc. which provided insurance brokerage services; Greenberg and
Pociask, Ltd. which provided tax and accounting services; Computech Systems,
Inc. which provided computer services; and Equity Properties & Development, LP
which provided accounting services. Fees paid to these entities amounted to
approximately $527,000, $250,000 and $721,000 for the years ended December 31,
1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.  Amounts due to these affiliates were
approximately $74,000 and $270,000 as of December 31, 1996 and 1995,
respectively.  Of the amounts due to these affiliates as of December 31, 1996,
approximately $67,000 was capitalized as part of the proposed merger costs.

     Related party agreements or fee arrangements are generally for a term of
one year and approved by independent members of the Board of Directors.

NOTE 11 - PREFERRED STOCK

     The Company's Board of Directors is authorized under the Company's
charter, without further stockholder approval, to issue, from time to time, in
one or more series, 10,000,000 shares of $.01 par value preferred stock (the
"Preferred Stock"), with specific rights, preferences and other attributes as
the Board may determine, which may include preferences, powers and rights that
are senior to the rights of holders of the Company's common stock. However,
under certain circumstances, the issuance of preferred stock may require
stockholder approval pursuant to the rules and regulations of the New York
Stock Exchange.




                                      F-15


<PAGE>   43

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



NOTE 12 - SAVINGS PLAN

     The Company has a qualified retirement plan, with a salary deferral
feature designed to qualify under Section 401 of the Code (the "401(k) Plan"),
to cover its employees and those of its Subsidiaries, if any. The 401(k) Plan
permits eligible employees of the Company and those of any Subsidiary to defer
a portion of their compensation up to 16% of their eligible compensation on a
pre-tax basis subject to certain maximum amounts. In addition, the Company will
match dollar-for-dollar the participant's contribution up to 4% of the
participant's eligible compensation.

     In addition, amounts contributed by the Company will vest, on a prorated
basis, according to the participant's vesting schedule. After five years of
employment with the Company, the participants will be 100% vested for all
amounts contributed by the Company. Additionally, a discretionary profit
sharing component of the 401(k) Plan provides for a contribution to be made
annually for each participant in an amount, if any, as determined by the
Company. All employee contributions are 100% vested. The Company's contribution
to the 401(k) Plan was approximately $201,000, $171,000 and $157,000 for the
years ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.  The Company's
anticipated plan contribution for profit sharing was approximately $176,000 for
the year ended December 31, 1996.

NOTE 13 - STOCK OPTION PLAN

     A Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") was adopted by the Company in December
1992. Pursuant to the Plan, certain officers, directors, key employees and
consultants of the Company may be offered the opportunity to acquire shares of
common stock (the "shares") through the grant of stock options ("Options"),
including non-qualified stock options and, for key employees, incentive stock
options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. The Compensation
Committee will determine the vesting schedule, if any, of each Option and the
term, which term shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant.  As to the
Options that have been granted through December 31, 1996, generally, one-third
are exercisable one year after the initial grant, one-third are exercisable two
years following the date such Options were granted and the remaining one-third
are exercisable three years following the date such Options were granted.  The
Plan allows for 10,000 Options to be granted annually to each director.  The
common stock with respect to which the Options may be granted during any
calendar year to any grantee shall not exceed 250,000 shares.  In addition, the
Plan provides for the granting of stock appreciation rights ("SARs") and
restricted stock awards ("Stock Awards").  A maximum of 2,000,000 shares of
common stock were available for grant under the Plan.

     In 1996, 1995 and 1994, the Company issued 13,144, 17,490 and 8,723 shares
related to Stock Awards, respectively. The shares related to the Stock Awards
shall be restricted for a period of two years from the date of grant. The fair
market value of these Stock Awards of approximately $289,000, $291,000 and
$170,000 at the date of grant was recorded by the Company in 1996, 1995 and
1994.

     In December 1996, the Company awarded 198,000 Stock Awards to certain
members of senior management of the Company.  These Stock Awards vest over five
years, but may be restricted for a period of up to fifteen years depending upon
certain performance benchmarks being met.  The fair market value of these Stock
Awards of approximately $4.4 million as of the date of grant was recorded in
1996 as deferred compensation.  For 1996, the Company amortized approximately
$871,000 related to these Stock Awards.

     The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board Opinion No.
25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25") and related
Interpretations in accounting for its Options and Stock Awards because, as
discussed below, the alternative fair value accounting provided for under FASB
Statement No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," ("SFAS No. 123")
requires use of option valuation models that were not developed for use in
valuing employee stock options.  Under APB 25, because the exercise price of
the Company's Options equals the market price of the underlying stock on the
date of grant, no compensation expense is recognized.  Additionally, the amount
recognized as expense for the Stock Awards during any given year of the
performance period is dependent on certain performance benchmarks being met.




                                      F-16


<PAGE>   44

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



NOTE 13 - STOCK OPTION PLAN (CONTINUED)

     Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share is
required by SFAS No. 123, and has been determined as if the Company had
accounted for its Options and Restricted Stock Awards under the fair value
method of that Statement.  The fair value for the Options was estimated at the
date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
weighted-average assumptions for 1996 and 1995, respectively:  risk-free
interest rates of 6.5% and 6.5%; dividend yields of 6.4% and 7.2%; volatility
factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of .27 and
 .27; and a weighted-average expected life of the options of 5 years.  The fair
value of the Stock Awards granted in December 1996 has been estimated as
approximately 30% below the fair market value on the date of grant because
these Stock Awards may remain restricted even after they become fully vested.
Because SFAS No. 123 is applicable only to options granted subsequent to
December 31, 1994, its pro forma effect will not be fully reflected until 1997.

     The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in
estimating the fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable.  In addition, option valuation models require the
input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected stock price
volatility.  Because the Company's Options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in
management's opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable
single measure of the fair value of its Options.

     For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the
Options is amortized to expense over the Options' vesting period and the
estimated fair value of the Restricted Awards is amortized to expense over the
same period as expense was recognized by the Company in the current year.  The
pro forma effect of SFAS No. 123 on the Company's net income for the years
ended December 31, 1996 and 1995 was immaterial.

     A summary of the Company's stock option activity, and related information
for the years ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994 follows:


<TABLE>
<S>                           <C>             <C>
                                              Weighted Average
                              Shares Subject  Exercise Price Per
                                to Option     Share
                              --------------  --------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993         733,500                $15.99
  Options granted                    405,750                 20.52
  Options exercised                  (47,166)                12.88
                              --------------  --------------------
Balance at December 31, 1994       1,092,084                 17.81
  Options granted                    437,250                 16.92
  Options exercised                  (58,500)                12.88
  Options canceled                  (130,200)                18.96
                              --------------  --------------------
Balance at December 31, 1995       1,340,634                 17.62
  Options granted                    307,350                 21.01
  Options exercised                  (75,497)                14.14
  Options canceled                  (121,835)                20.19
                              --------------  --------------------
Balance at December 31, 1996       1,450,652                $18.31
                              ==============  ====================
</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994, 116,957 shares, 513,615 shares
and 846,750 shares remained available for grant, respectively, and 874,353
shares, 759,193 shares and 479,809 shares were exercisable, respectively.
Exercise prices for Options outstanding as of December 31, 1996 ranged from
$12.875 to $22.375, with the substantial majority of the exercise prices
exceeding $17.25. The remaining weighted-average contractual life of those
Options was 8.1 years.









                                      F-17


<PAGE>   45

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 14 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     On September 17, 1996 Chateau Properties, Inc. ("Chateau") filed suit in
the United States District Court for the District of Maryland against the
Company and the Operating Partnership alleging, among other things, that (i)
the Operating Partnership's tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of
common stock, which tender offer has since expired, is in violation of the
federal securities laws because it contains untrue statements of material fact
and omits to state material facts and (ii) the Company and the Operating
Partnership have begun a proxy solicitation in opposition to Chateau's proposed
merger with ROC Communities, Inc. ("ROC") and have made material misstatements
of facts and omitted to disclose other material facts as part of that
solicitation effort in violation of applicable federal law.  The Company has
filed counterclaims against Chateau and ROC and intends to vigorously defend
itself against Chateau's claims which it believes are frivolous.  At this time
it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, but the Company
does not anticipate that the impact of this litigation will be material.

     The Company is involved in a variety of legal proceedings arising in the
ordinary course of business.  All such proceedings, taken together, are not
expected to have a material adverse impact on the financial position, results
of operations or cash flows of Company.

NOTE 15 - PROPOSED MERGER

     During 1996, the Company began a proxy solicitation in opposition to
Chateau Properties, Inc.'s ("Chateau") proposed merger with ROC Communities,
Inc. ("ROC") and incurred approximately $1.3 million in costs and invested in
certain saleable assets with a book value of approximately $9.9 million.  These
expenditures have been included in prepaid expenses and other assets at
December 31, 1996.  On February 11, 1997, the Chateau shareholders approved
Chateau's purchase of ROC.  Thus, the Company will sell the assets acquired and
write-off the capitalized costs in the first quarter of 1997.




                                      F-18


<PAGE>   46

                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



NOTE 16 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

     The following is unaudited quarterly data for 1996 and 1995 (amounts in
thousands, except for per share amounts):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              First   Second    Third   Fourth
                                             Quarter  Quarter  Quarter  Quarter
<S>                                          <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
                                                3/31  6/30     9/30     12/31
                                             -------  -------  -------  -------
               1996
- -------------------------------------------

Total revenues ............................  $25,469  $26,128  $26,408  $27,198
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Income before allocation
 to minority interests ....................  $ 6,557  $ 6,666  $ 7,145  $ 6,575
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Net income ................................  $ 5,907  $ 6,005  $ 6,437  $ 5,923
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Weighted average common
 shares outstanding (excluding OP Units) ..   24,664   24,687   24,697   24,714
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Weighted average OP Units .................    2,715    2,715    2,715    2,715
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Net income per common share outstanding ...  $   .24  $   .24  $   .26  $   .24
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

              1995
- -------------------------------------------

Total revenues ............................  $24,128  $24,169  $24,567  $24,040
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Income before allocation
 to minority interests ....................  $ 3,998  $ 5,364  $ 6,324  $ 4,337
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Net income ................................  $ 3,598  $ 4,828  $ 5,691  $ 3,900
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Weighted average common
 shares outstanding (excluding OP Units) ..   24,311   24,332   24,372   24,377
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Weighted average OP Units .................    2,717    2,717    2,717    2,717
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======

Net income per common share outstanding ...  $   .15  $   .20  $   .23  $   .16
                                             =======  =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>







                                      F-19


<PAGE>   47

                                  SCHEDULE II
                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                               DECEMBER 31, 1996






<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       ADDITIONS
                                                                 ----------------------
                                              BALANCE AT         CHARGED       CHARGED                                BALANCE 
                                              BEGINNING            TO          TO OTHER                              AT END OF
                                              OF PERIOD          INCOME        ACCOUNTS         DEDUCTIONS(1)         PERIOD
                                              ---------          ------        --------         -------------         ------
<S>                                            <C>              <C>               <C>               <C>             <C>
For the year ended December 31, 1994:

  Allowance for doubtful accounts......        $100,000         $235,574           $---             ($175,574)      $160,000

For the year ended December 31, 1995:

  Allowance for doubtful accounts......        $160,000         $380,854           $---             ($340,854)      $200,000

For the year ended December 31, 1996:

  Allowance for doubtful accounts......        $200,000         $198,797           $---             ($148,797)      $250,000
</TABLE>

(1) Deductions represent tenant receivables deemed uncollectible.




                                      S-1


<PAGE>   48
                                  SCHEDULE III
                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                    REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               DECEMBER 31, 1996
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                             Subsequent to     
                                                                           Initial cost to                    Acquisition      
                                                                               Company                       (Improvements)     
                                                                    -----------------------------      -------------------------
     MANUFACTURED                                                                     Depreciable                    Depreciable
 HOUSING COMMUNITIES         LOCATION        Encumbrances             Land             Property        Land           Property  
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>                       <C>              <C>                 <C>             <C>             <C>
NASSAU PARK                       Lewes, DE           ---          $ 1,536             $ 4,609         $  0            $  307   
MARINER'S COVE                Millsboro, DE           ---              990               2,971            0             2,524   
WATERFORD                    Wilmington, DE           ---            5,250              16,202         ----                47   
LAKE HAVEN                      Dunedin, FL       $ 4,286            1,135               4,047            0               297   
BULOW VILLAGE             Flagler Beach, FL         1,334            3,633                 949            4             1,738   
BUCCANEER ESTATES          N. Ft. Myers, FL         7,831            4,207              14,410            0               246   
FFEC-SIX                   N. Ft. Myers, FL           ---              401               3,608            0                36   
THE HERITAGE               N. Ft. Myers, FL           ---            1,438               4,371            0               950   
LAKE FAIRWAYS              N. Ft. Myers, FL           ---            6,075              18,134            0               176   
PINE LAKES                 N. Ft. Myers, FL           ---            6,306              14,579            0             3,536   
WINDMILL VILLAGE           N. Ft. Myers, FL         4,930            1,417               5,440            0               334   
EAST BAY OAKS                     Largo, FL         3,477            1,240               3,322            0               221   
ELDORADO VILLAGE                  Largo, FL         2,323              778               2,341            0               205   
MID-FLORIDA LAKES              Leesburg, FL        13,018            5,997              20,635            0               513   
COLONIES OF MARGATE             Margate, FL        12,911            5,890              20,211            0               257   
LAKEWOOD VILLAGE              Melbourne, FL           ---            1,863               5,627            0                80   
COUNTRY PLACE VILLAGE   New Port Richey, FL           555              663                   0           18             5,134   
BAY LAKE ESTATES                Nokomis, FL         2,150              990               3,390            0               144   
OAK BEND                          Ocala, FL           ---              850               2,572            0               186   
SPANISH OAKS                      Ocala, FL           ---            2,250               6,922            0                68   
WINDMILL VILLAGE NORTH         Sarasota, FL         4,273            1,523               5,063            0               258   
WINDMILL VILLAGE SOUTH         Sarasota, FL         2,630            1,106               3,162            0               225   
BAY INDIES                       Venice, FL        24,544           10,483              31,559            0               234   
CANDLELIGHT VILLAGE            Columbus, IN           ---            1,513               4,538            0                24   
HERITAGE VILLAGE             Vero Beach, FL           ---            2,403               7,259            0                91   
BURNS HARBOR ESTATES         Chesterton, IN           ---              916               2,909            0               262   
OAKTREE VILLAGE                 Portage, IN         3,419                0                   0          569             2,799   
PHEASANT RIDGE               Mount Airy, MD         1,113              376               1,779            0                94   
GREEN ACRES PARK          Breinigsville, PA         6,802            2,407               7,479            0               627   
GREEN ACRES LAND          Breinigsville, PA           ---              273                   0            0               916   
MEADOWS OF CHANTILLY          Chantilly, VA           ---            5,430              16,440            0               634   
INDEPENDENCE HILL            Morgantown, WV           810              299                 898            0               120   
BONNER SPRINGS           Bonner Springs, KS           ---              343               1,041            0                86   
CARRIAGE PARK               Kansas City, KS           ---              309                 938            0               339   
QUIVIRA HILLS               Kansas City, KS         1,115              376               1,139            0                89   
NORTH STAR VILLAGE          Kansas City, MO         1,299              451               1,365            0               147   
BRIARWOOD                     Brookline, MO           492              423               1,282            0               129   
DELLWOOD ESTATES            Warrensburg, MO           524              300                 912            0                63   
HILLCREST VILLAGE                Aurora, CO         6,414            1,912               5,202          289             1,181   
CIMARRON                     Broomfield, CO         3,275              863               2,790            0               261   
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                      Gross Amount Carried
                                           at Close of     
                                         Period 12/31/96   
                               -----------------------------------
     MANUFACTURED                             Depreciable                Accumulated         Date of        
 HOUSING COMMUNITIES              Land         Property      Total      Depreciation       Acquisition          
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>           <C>             <C>                <C>
NASSAU PARK                     $ 1,536       $ 4,916      $ 6,452         $1,370             1988              
MARINER'S COVE                      990         5,495        6,485          1,069             1987              
WATERFORD                         5,250        16,249       21,499            249             1996              
LAKE HAVEN                        1,135         4,344        5,479          1,875             1983              
BULOW VILLAGE                     3,637         2,687        6,323            134             1994              
BUCCANEER ESTATES                 4,207        14,656       18,862          1,149             1994              
FFEC-SIX                            401         3,644        4,045            264             1994              
THE HERITAGE                      1,438         5,321        6,760            533             1993              
LAKE FAIRWAYS                     6,075        18,310       24,385          1,322             1994              
PINE LAKES                        6,306        18,115       24,421          1,160             1994              
WINDMILL VILLAGE                  1,417         5,774        7,191          2,519             1983              
EAST BAY OAKS                     1,240         3,543        4,783          1,562             1983              
ELDORADO VILLAGE                    778         2,546        3,324          1,105             1983              
MID-FLORIDA LAKES                 5,997        21,148       27,145          1,647             1994              
COLONIES OF MARGATE               5,890        20,468       26,358          1,600             1994              
LAKEWOOD VILLAGE                  1,863         5,707        7,569            490             1994              
COUNTRY PLACE VILLAGE               681         5,134        5,815          1,035             1986              
BAY LAKE ESTATES                    990         3,534        4,524            282             1994              
OAK BEND                            850         2,758        3,609            297             1993              
SPANISH OAKS                      2,250         6,990        9,240            738             1993              
WINDMILL VILLAGE NORTH            1,523         5,321        6,844          2,336             1983              
WINDMILL VILLAGE SOUTH            1,106         3,387        4,493          1,481             1983              
BAY INDIES                       10,483        31,793       42,275          3,105             1994              
CANDLELIGHT VILLAGE               1,513         4,562        6,074             68             1996              
HERITAGE VILLAGE                  2,403         7,350        9,754            632             1994              
BURNS HARBOR ESTATES                916         3,171        4,087            430             1993              
OAKTREE VILLAGE                     569         2,799        3,368            506             1987              
PHEASANT RIDGE                      376         1,873        2,249            972             1988              
GREEN ACRES PARK                  2,407         8,106       10,512          2,390             1988              
GREEN ACRES LAND                    273           916        1,189              0             1994              
MEADOWS OF CHANTILLY              5,430        17,074       22,504          1,482             1994              
INDEPENDENCE HILL                   299         1,018        1,317            236             1990              
BONNER SPRINGS                      343         1,127        1,471            278             1989              
CARRIAGE PARK                       309         1,277        1,586            283             1989              
QUIVIRA HILLS                       376         1,228        1,604            297             1989              
NORTH STAR VILLAGE                  451         1,512        1,963            366             1989              
BRIARWOOD                           423         1,411        1,835            332             1989              
DELLWOOD ESTATES                    300           975        1,275            239             1989              
HILLCREST VILLAGE                 2,201         6,383        8,585          2,530             1983              
CIMARRON                            863         3,051        3,914          1,319             1983              
</TABLE>

                                      S-2
<PAGE>   49
                                  SCHEDULE III
                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
              REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED
                               DECEMBER 31, 1996
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     Costs Capitalized        
                                                                                                       Subsequent to          
                                                                      Initial Cost to                   Acquisition           
                                                                          Company                      (Improvements)         
                                                                 ---------------------------    --------------------------    
     MANUFACTURED                                                                Depreciable                   Depreciable        
 HOUSING COMMUNITIES            LOCATION        Encumbrances        Land          Property         Land         Property      
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
<S>                       <C>                       <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>            
HOLIDAY VILLAGE, CO       Colorado Springs, CO         2,708          567           1,759           0              302        
HOLIDAY HILLS VILLAGE               Denver, CO         7,123        2,159           7,780           0            1,271        
GOLDEN TERRACE VILLAGE              Golden, CO         3,112          826           2,415           0              322        
GOLDEN TERRACE WEST                 Golden, CO         3,317        1,694           5,065           0              466        
PUEBLO GRANDE VILLAGE               Pueblo, CO           928          241           1,069           0              247        
WOODLAND HILLS                    Thornton, CO           ---        1,928           5,779           0              378        
HOLIDAY VILLAGE, IA             Sioux City, IA         1,931          313           3,744           0              340        
CAMELOT ACRES                   Burnsville, MN         3,108          527           2,058           0              274        
CASA VILLAGE                      Billings, MT         2,611        1,011           3,109         181            1,003        
APOLLO VILLAGE                      Apollo, AZ           ---          932           3,219           0              233        
BRENTWOOD MANOR                       Mesa, AZ         5,124        1,998           6,024           0              136        
HACIENDA DE VALENCIA                  Mesa, AZ         3,968          833           2,701           0              481        
THE MARK                              Mesa, AZ           ---        1,354           4,660           5              149        
PALM SHADOWS                      Glendale, AZ         3,496        1,400           4,218           0              128        
CASA DEL SOL RESORT NO. 1          Phoenix, AZ           ---        2,315           6,467           0               33        
CASA DEL SOL RESORT NO. 2          Phoenix, AX           ---        2,204           6,283           0               20        
CENTRAL PARK                       Phoenix, AZ         3,405        1,612           3,784           0              200        
SUNRISE HEIGHTS                    Phoenix, AZ           ---          999           3,016           0              110        
THE MEADOWS                          Tempe, AZ           ---        2,614           7,887           0              164        
RANCHO VALLEY                     El Cajon, CA         2,671          685           1,902           0              199        
CONCORD CASCADE                    Pacheco, CA         6,077          985           3,016           0              338        
DATE PALM                   Cathedral City, CA         9,957        4,138          14,064        (23)              443        
CONTEMPO MARIN                  San Rafael, CA           ---        4,779          16,379           9              705        
DE ANZA SANTA CRUZ                                                                                                            
  ESTATES                       Santa Cruz, CA         4,549        2,103           7,204           0               70        
LAMPLIGHTER VILLAGE          Spring Valley, CA         5,350          633           2,201           0              400        
BONANZA VILLAGE                  Las Vegas, NV         4,821          908           2,643           0              214        
CABANA                           Las Vegas, NV           ---        2,648           7,989           0               39        
FLAMINGO WEST                    Las Vegas, NV           ---        1,732           5,266           0               90        
ROCKWOOD VILLAGE                     Tulsa, OK         1,132          645           1,622           0              180        
DEL REY                        Albuquerque, NM           ---        1,926           5,800           0              306        
WILLOW LAKE ESTATES                  Elgin, IL        12,569        6,136          21,033           2              259        
MANAGEMENT BUSINESS                Chicago, IL           ---            0             436           0            3,371        
                                                    --------     --------        --------      ------          -------        
                                                    $197,482     $137,460        $420,687      $1,054          $38,449        
                                                    ========     ========        ========      ======          =======        
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Gross Amount Carried                                        
                                                   at Close of                                             
                                                 Period 12/31/96                                           
                                    ----------------------------------------
     MANUFACTURED                                  Depreciable                       Accumulated        Date of  
 HOUSING COMMUNITIES                   Land         Property           Total         Depreciation      Acquisition    
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>           <C>               <C>               <C>                 <C>            
HOLIDAY VILLAGE, CO                      567         2,061             2,628              859             1983     
HOLIDAY HILLS VILLAGE                  2,159         9,051            11,210            3,734             1983     
GOLDEN TERRACE VILLAGE                   826         2,737             3,563            1,152             1983     
GOLDEN TERRACE WEST                    1,694         5,531             7,225            1,785             1986     
PUEBLO GRANDE VILLAGE                    241         1,316             1,556              564             1983     
WOODLAND HILLS                         1,928         6,157             8,085              582             1994     
HOLIDAY VILLAGE, IA                      313         4,084             4,397            1,505             1986     
CAMELOT ACRES                            527         2,332             2,859            1,009             1983     
CASA VILLAGE                           1,192         4,112             5,303            1,519             1983     
APOLLO VILLAGE                           932         3,452             4,384              257             1994     
BRENTWOOD MANOR                        1,998         6,160             8,158              761             1993     
HACIENDA DE VALENCIA                     833         3,182             4,016            1,326             1984     
THE MARK                               1,359         4,809             6,168              373             1994     
PALM SHADOWS                           1,400         4,346             5,746              543             1993     
CASA DEL SOL RESORT NO. 1              2,315         6,500             8,815               28             1996     
CASA DEL SOL RESORT NO. 2              2,204         6,303             8,507               26             1996     
CENTRAL PARK                           1,612         3,984             5,596            1,737             1983     
SUNRISE HEIGHTS                          999         3,126             4,126              297             1994     
THE MEADOWS                            2,614         8,051            10,664              783             1994     
RANCHO VALLEY                            685         2,101             2,786              910             1983     
CONCORD CASCADE                          985         3,354             4,340            1,428             1983     
DATE PALM                              4,115        14,507            18,622            1,125             1994     
CONTEMPO MARIN                         4,788        17,084            21,872            1,294             1994     
DE ANZA SANTA CRUZ                                                                                                 
  ESTATES                              2,103         7,274             9,377              569             1994     
LAMPLIGHTER VILLAGE                      633         2,601             3,234            1,079             1983     
BONANZA VILLAGE                          908         2,857             3,764            1,209             1983     
CABANA                                 2,648         8,028            10,676              680             1994     
FLAMINGO WEST                          1,732         5,356             7,086              443             1994     
ROCKWOOD VILLAGE                         645         1,802             2,446              779             1983     
DEL REY                                1,926         6,106             8,032              748             1993     
WILLOW LAKE ESTATES                    6,138        21,292            27,430            1,654             1994     
MANAGEMENT BUSINESS                        0         3,807             3,807            1,041                      
                                    --------      --------          --------          -------
                                    $138,514      $459,136          $597,650          $71,481                      
                                    ========      ========          ========          =======
</TABLE>        
        
NOTES:

(1)  For depreciable property, the Company uses a 30-year estimated life for
     buildings acquired and structural and land improvements, a ten-to-fifteen
     year estimated life for building upgrades and a three-to-seven year
     estimated life for furniture and fixtures.
(2)  The balance of furniture and fixtures included in the total amounts was
     approximately $6.8 million as of December 31, 1996.
(3)  The aggregate cost of land and depreciable property for Federal income tax
     purposes was approximately $587.6 million, as of December 31, 1996.
(4)  All properties were acquired, except for Country Place Village which was
     constructed.

                                      S-3
<PAGE>   50

                                  SCHEDULE III
                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
              REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION - CONTINUED
                               DECEMBER 31, 1996
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)



The changes in total real estate for the years ended December 31, 1996, 1995
and 1994 were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              1996      1995      1994
                            --------  --------  --------
<C>                         <C>       <C>       <C>
Balance, beginning of year  $543,229  $541,775  $197,812
  Acquisitions............    46,531       600   339,739
  Improvements............     8,062     7,810     7,366
  Dispositions and other..      (172)   (6,956)   (3,142)
                            --------  --------  --------
Balance, end of year......  $597,650  $543,229  $541,775
                            ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>

The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 1996,
1995 and 1994 were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             1996     1995     1994
                            -------  -------  -------
<C>                         <C>      <C>      <C>
Balance, beginning of year  $56,403  $43,377  $34,512
  Depreciation expense....   15,250   15,087    9,520
  Dispositions and other..     (172)  (2,061)    (655)
                            -------  -------  -------
Balance, end of year......  $71,481  $56,403  $43,377
                            =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>





                                      S-4


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 12
                                                                     ----------

                                      
MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.   
COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
(DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               12/31/96           12/31/95    12/31/94      12/31/93      12/31/92
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>                <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Income before allocation                       
  to minority interests                         $26,943           $20,023       $16,616       $10,957       $ 4,127
                                               
Fixed Charges                                    18,264            19,562        11,146         9,070        13,299
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               
Earnings                                        $45,207           $39,585       $27,762       $20,027       $17,426
                                                ===================================================================

Interest incurred                               $16,794           $16,807       $ 9,699       $ 5,879       $11,375
Amortization of deferred financing costs          1,470             2,755         1,447         3,191         1,924
                                                -------------------------------------------------------------------
Fixed Charges                                   $18,264           $19,562       $11,146       $ 9,070       $13,299
                                                ===================================================================
Earnings/Fixed Charges                             2.48              2.02          2.49          2.21          1.31
                                                ===================================================================
</TABLE>





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                      EXHIBIT 21

MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                       State of Incorporation
                                          or Organization
                                       ----------------------
<S>                                           <C>
MHC Operating Limited Partnership             Illinois

MHC Financing Limited Partnership             Illinois

MHC Management Limited Partnership            Illinois

LP Management Corporation                     Delaware

MHC-QRS, Inc.                                 Delaware

MHC Lending Limited Partnership               Illinois

MHC-Lending QRS, Inc.                         Illinois

MHC-DeAnza Financing Limited Partnership      Illinois

MHC-QRS DeAnza, Inc.                          Illinois

MHC-DAG Management Limited Partnership        Illinois

MHC-Bay Indies Financing Limited Partnership  Illinois

MHC-QRS Bay Indies, Inc.                      Illinois

MHC Systems, Inc.                             Illinois
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                      EXHIBIT 23


                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Form S-3 No. 333-1710, No. 33-82902 and No. 33-97288 and Form S-8 No.
33-76486) of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc., and in the related 
Prospectuses, of our report dated January 27, 1997, except for Note 15, as to 
which the date is February 11, 1997, with respect to the consolidated 
financial statements and schedules of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc., 
included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 1996.


ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Chicago, Illinois
March 7, 1997


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1


                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement of
Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 33-76846), the
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-82902), the registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-97288) and the registration statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-1710) of our report dated February 16, 1996, on our
audits of the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedules of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. as of December 31, 1995, and
for each of the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994, which report is
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.

Chicago, Illinois
March 7, 1997
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEYS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   Exhibit 24



                               POWER OF ATTORNEY





STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
                    )   SS
COUNTY OF Cook      )
         ---------



     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that John F. Podjasek, Jr., having an
address at Barrington, Illinois, has made, constituted and appointed and BY
THESE PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint Thomas P. Heneghan and David
A. Helfand, or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza,
Chicago, Illinois  60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in
his name, place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving
and granting unto each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done
in and about the premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of
substitution and revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of
such Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.

     This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, John F. Podjasek, Jr., has hereunto, set his hand this
5 day of March,  1997.
- -        -----


                                             /s/ John F. Podjasek, Jr.
                                             ---------------------------
                                             John F. Podjasek, Jr.



     I, Howard Walker, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that John F. Podjasek, Jr., personally know to me
to be the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument
appeared before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and
delivered said instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.

     Given under my hand and notarial seal this 5 day of March, 1997
                                                -        -----


                                             /s/ Howard Walker
                                             ------------------
                                             (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


     June 9, 1998
- ---------------------


<PAGE>   2
                                                                     Exhibit 24
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY





STATE OF CALIFORNIA           )
                              )   SS
COUNTY OF  Alameda            )
         -------------------




     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Michael A. Torres, having an address
at Alameda, California, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint Thomas P. Heneghan and David A.
Helfand, or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza,
Chicago, Illinois  60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in
his name, place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving
and granting unto each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done
in and about the premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of
substitution and revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of
such Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.

     This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Michael A. Torres, has hereunto, set his hand this
29 day of January,  1997.
- --        --------

                                        /s/ Michael A. Torres
                                        -----------------------
                                        Michael A. Torres



     I, Nancy K. Hagel, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Michael A. Torres, personally know to me to
be the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument
appeared before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and
delivered said instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.

     Given under my hand and notarial seal this 29 day of January, 1997.
                                                --        --------

                                        /s/ Nancy K. Hagel
                                        --------------------
                                        (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


     January 29, 1997
- ---------------------------




<PAGE>   3
                                                                      Exhibit 24

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY





STATE OF NEW YORK               )
                                )   SS
COUNTY OF New York              )
         --------------




     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Thomas E. Dobrowski, having an address
at New York, New York, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint Thomas P. Heneghan and David A.
Helfand, or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza,
Chicago, Illinois  60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in
his name, place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving
and granting unto each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done
in and about the premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of
substitution and revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of
such Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.

     This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Thomas E. Dobrowski, has hereunto, set his hand this
27 day of February, 1997.
- --        ---------

                                       /s/ Thomas E. Dobrowski
                                       ------------------------
                                       Thomas E. Dobrowski



     I, Rosemarie Sobel, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Thomas E. Dobrowski, personally know to me to
be the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument
appeared before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and
delivered said instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.

     Given under my hand and notarial seal this 27 day of February, 1997.
                                                --        ---------

                                       /s/ Rosemarie Sobel
                                       -------------------
                                       (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


     October 31, 1998
- ----------------------


<PAGE>   4
                                                                     Exhibit 24

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY





STATE OF WASHINGTON         )
                            )   SS
COUNTY OF King              )
          ---------




     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Gary L. Waterman, having an address at
Seattle, Washington, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE PRESENTS,
does make, constitute and appoint Thomas P. Heneghan and David A. Helfand, or
either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza, Chicago,
Illinois  60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in his name,
place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form
10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving and
granting unto each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done in
and about the premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of
substitution and revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of
such Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.

     This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Gary L. Waterman, has hereunto, set his hand this
26 day of February, 1997.


                                       /s/ Gary L. Waterman
                                       --------------------
                                       Gary L. Waterman



     I, Judy S. Cooley, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Gary L. Waterman, personally know to me to be
the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument appeared
before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and delivered said
instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and purposes therein set
forth.

     Given under my hand and notarial seal this 26 day of February, 1997.
                                                --        ---------

                                       /s/ Judy S. Cooley
                                       -------------------
                                       (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:

     August 29, 1998
- ---------------------



<PAGE>   5
                                                                      Exhibit 24


                               POWER OF ATTORNEY





STATE OF MICHIGAN                )
                                 )   SS
COUNTY OF Washtenaw              )
         ----------------------




     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Donald S. Chisholm, having an address
at Ann Arbor, Michigan, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint Thomas P. Heneghan and David A.
Helfand, or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza,
Chicago, Illinois  60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in
his name, place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving
and granting unto each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done
in and about the premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of
substitution and revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of
such Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.

     This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Donald S. Chisholm, has hereunto, set his hand this
25 day of February,1997.


                                       /s/ Donald S. Chisholm
                                       ----------------------
                                       Donald S. Chisholm



     I, Stephanie Maynard, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Donald S. Chisholm, personally know to me to
be the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument
appeared before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and
delivered said instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.

     Given under my hand and notarial seal this 25 day of February, 1997.
                                                --        --------

                                       /s/ Stephanie Maynard
                                       -----------------------
                                       (Notary Public)
 

My Commission Expires:


     December 1, 2000
- ----------------------

<PAGE>   6
                                                                      Exhibit 24


                               POWER OF ATTORNEY





STATE OF CALIFORNIA              )
                                 )   SS
COUNTY OF  Orange                )
        ----------------------



     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Louis H. Masotti, having an address at
Newport Beach, California, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint Thomas P. Heneghan and David A.
Helfand, or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza,
Chicago, Illinois  60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in
his name, place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving
and granting unto each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done
in and about the premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of
substitution and revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of
such Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.

     This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Louis H. Masotti, has hereunto, set his hand this 4
day of March,  1997.                                                       -
       -----

                                       /s/ Louis H. Masotti
                                       ----------------------
                                       Louis H. Masotti



     I, Mary K. Meyer,  a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Louis H. Masotti, personally know to me to be
the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument appeared
before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and delivered said
instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and purposes therein set
forth.

     Given under my hand and notarial seal this 4 day of March, 1997.
                                                -        -----

                                       /s/ Mary K. Meyer
                                       -------------------
                                       (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


     March 3, 1998
- ----------------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
This schedule contains summary financial information extracted from the
consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to such financial statements.
</LEGEND>
<CIK> 0000895417
<NAME> MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
<MULTIPLIER> 1
<CURRENCY> U.S. DOLLARS
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1996
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1996
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1996
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                      1
<CASH>                                           2,292
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                      723
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                26,278
<PP&E>                                         597,650
<DEPRECIATION>                                (71,481)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 567,874
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           26,300
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                           249
<OTHER-SE>                                     257,703
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   567,874
<SALES>                                        101,930
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               105,203
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   40,684
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 4,062
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              17,782
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 26,943
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             24,272
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    24,272
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .98
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .98
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
