-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 K2DGzLVW+vIp4MDhhI5YCH4sWnjgzMQ0R9es+Sj1GLwGITdz4venexWK6NQnuAXF
 AKhIW+7goNqvPGDLMyYYgQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950137-01-000922.txt : 20010329
<SEC-HEADER>0000950137-01-000922.hdr.sgml : 20010329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-01-000922
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				363857664
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11718
		FILM NUMBER:		1581710

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO N RIVERSIDE PLZ
		STREET 2:		STE 800
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3122791400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO N RIVERSIDE PLAZE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c61160e10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                  UNITED STATES

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

            [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000

                                       or

          [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


                         Commission File Number: 1-11718

                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
           MARYLAND                                      36-3857664
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 incorporation or organization)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                              <C>
TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLAZA, SUITE 800, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS             60606
        (Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)
</TABLE>

                                 (312) 279-1400
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

<TABLE>
<S>                                      <C>
Common Stock, $.01 Par Value                   The New York Stock Exchange
      (Title of Class)                   (Name of exchange on which registered)
</TABLE>

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None


Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes[X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates was
approximately $537.3 million as of March 1, 2001 based upon the closing price of
$28.00 on such date using beneficial ownership of stock rules adopted pursuant
to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exclude voting stock
owned by Directors and Officers, some of whom may not be held to be affiliates
upon judicial determination.

At March 1, 2000, 21,177,709 shares of the Registrant's Common Stock were
outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Part III incorporates by reference the Registrant's Proxy Statement relating to
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 8, 2001.
<PAGE>   2
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
PART I.                                                                                                          Page
                                                                                                                 ----
<S>                                                                                                              <C>

         Item 1.      Business ...............................................................................      3
         Item 2.      Properties .............................................................................      7
         Item 3.      Legal Proceedings ......................................................................     12
         Item 4.      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders ....................................     15


PART II.

         Item 5.      Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters ..............     16
         Item 6.      Selected Financial Data and Operating Information ......................................     17
         Item 7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ..     19
         Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk ..............................     27
         Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ............................................     27
         Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure ...     27


PART III.

         Item 10.     Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant .....................................     27
         Item 11.     Executive Compensation .................................................................     27
         Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management .........................     27
         Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions .........................................     27


PART IV.

         Item 14.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K ........................     28
</TABLE>

                                       2
<PAGE>   3
                                     PART I

ITEM 1.       BUSINESS

                                   THE COMPANY

GENERAL

     Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. (together with its consolidated
subsidiaries, the "Company") is a fully integrated company which owns and
operates manufactured home communities ("Communities"). Communities are
residential developments designed and improved for the placement of detached,
single-family manufactured homes which are produced off-site and installed
within the Community. The owner of each home leases the site on which it is
located. Modern Communities are similar to typical residential subdivisions
containing centralized entrances, paved streets, curbs and gutters and parkways.
In addition, these Communities often provide a clubhouse for social activities
and recreation and other amenities, which may include swimming pools,
shuffleboard courts, tennis courts, laundry facilities and cable television
service. Utilities are provided or arranged for by the owner of the Community.
Some Communities provide water and sewer service through public or private
utilities, while others provide these services to residents from on-site
facilities.

     Each Community is generally designed to attract and is marketed to one of
two types of residents - 1) retirees and empty nesters or 2) families and
first-time homeowners. The Company believes both types of Communities are
attractive investments and focuses on owning Communities in or near large
metropolitan markets and retirement destinations.

     The Company was formed to continue the property operations, business
objectives and acquisition strategies of an entity that has owned and operated
Communities since 1969. As of December 31, 2000, the Company owned or had an
ownership interest in a portfolio of 154 Communities and recreational vehicle
("RV") resorts (the "Properties") located throughout the United States
containing 51,452 residential sites. The Properties are located in 26 states
(with the number of Properties in each state shown parenthetically) - Florida
(47), California (25), Arizona (17), Michigan (11), Colorado (10), Delaware (7),
Nevada (5), Indiana (4), Oregon (3), Kansas (3), Missouri (3), Illinois (2),
Iowa (2), New York (2), Utah (2), Pennsylvania (1), Maryland (1), Minnesota (1),
Montana (1), New Mexico (1), Ohio (1), Oklahoma (1), Texas (1), Virginia (1),
West Virginia (1), and Washington (1). As of December 31, 2000, the Company also
owned a commercial building located in California.

     The Company has approximately 800 full-time employees dedicated to carrying
out the Company's operating philosophy and strategies of value enhancement and
service to residents. The Company typically utilizes a one or two-person
management team (who reside at the Properties) for the on-site management of
each of the Properties. Typically, clerical and maintenance workers are employed
to assist these individuals in the management and care of the Properties. Direct
supervision of on-site management is the responsibility of the Company's
regional vice presidents and regional managers. These individuals have
significant experience in addressing the needs of residents and in finding or
creating innovative approaches to maximize value and increase cash flow from
property operations. Complementing this field management staff are approximately
55 corporate employees who assist on-site management in all property functions.

FORMATION OF THE COMPANY

     The Company, formed in March 1993, is a Maryland corporation which has
elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT"). The Company
generally will not be subject to Federal income tax to the extent it distributes
its REIT taxable income to its stockholders. REITs are subject to a number of
organizational and operational requirements. If the Company fails to qualify as
a REIT, its income is taxable at regular corporate rates. Even if the Company
qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company is subject to certain state and
local taxes on its income and property and Federal income and excise taxes on
its undistributed income.

     The operations of the Company are conducted through certain entities which
are owned or controlled by the Company. MHC Operating Limited Partnership (the
"Operating Partnership") is the entity through which the Company conducts
substantially all of its operations. Sub-partnerships of the Operating
Partnership were created to: (i) facilitate mortgage financing (the "Financing
Partnerships"); (ii) facilitate the Company's ability to provide financing to
the owners of Communities ("Lending Partnership"); (iii) own the management
operations of the Company ("Management Partnerships"); and (iv) own the assets
and operations of certain utility companies which service the Properties ("MHC
Systems"). The financial results of the Operating Partnership and
sub-partnerships (together, the "Subsidiaries") are consolidated in the
Company's consolidated financial statements.

                                       3
<PAGE>   4
     In addition, since certain activities, if performed by the Company, may not
be qualifying REIT activities under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), the Company has invested in the non-voting preferred stock
of various corporations which engage in such activities. Realty Systems, Inc.
("RSI") is a preferred stock subsidiary of the Company that, doing business as
Carefree Sales, is engaged in the business of purchasing, selling, leasing and
financing manufactured homes that are located or will be located in Properties
owned and managed by the Company. Carefree Sales also provides brokerage
services to residents at such Properties. Typically residents move from a
Community but do not relocate their homes. Carefree Sales may provide brokerage
services, in competition with other local brokers, by seeking buyers for the
homes. Carefree Sales also leases homes to prospective residents with the
expectation that the tenant eventually will purchase the home. LP Management
Corp. leases from the Operating Partnership certain real property within or
adjacent to certain of the Properties consisting of golf courses, pro shops,
restaurants and recreational vehicle areas. The Company believes that the
activities of RSI and LP Management Corp. (collectively, "Affiliates") benefit
the Company by maintaining and enhancing occupancy at the Properties. The
Company accounts for its investment in and advances to Affiliates using the
equity method of accounting.

BUSINESS OBJECTIVES AND OPERATING STRATEGIES

     The Company seeks to maximize both current income and long-term growth in
income. The Company focuses on Communities that have strong cash flow and
expects to hold such Properties for long-term investment and capital
appreciation. In determining cash flow potential, the Company evaluates the
Community's ability to attract and retain high quality residents who take pride
in their Community and in their home. These business objectives and their
implementation are determined by the Company's Board of Directors and may be
changed at any time. The Company's investment and operating approach includes:

     -    Providing consistently high levels of services and amenities in
          attractive surroundings to foster a strong sense of community and
          pride of home ownership;

     -    Efficiently managing the Properties to increase operating margins by
          controlling expenses, increasing occupancy and maintaining competitive
          market rents;

     -    Increasing income and property values by continuing the strategic
          expansion and, where appropriate, renovation of the Properties;

     -    Utilizing management information systems to evaluate potential
          acquisitions, identify and track competing properties and monitor
          tenant satisfaction; and

     -    Selectively acquiring Communities that have potential for long-term
          cash flow growth and to create property concentrations in and around
          major metropolitan areas and retirement destinations to capitalize on
          operating synergies and incremental efficiencies.

     The Company is committed to enhancing its reputation as the most respected
brand name in the manufactured home community business. Its strategy is to own
and operate the highest quality Communities in major metropolitan areas and
retirement destinations across the United States. The focus is on creating an
attractive residential environment for homeowners by providing a
well-maintained, comfortable Community with a variety of organized recreational
and social activities and superior amenities. In addition, the Company regularly
surveys rental rates of competing properties and conducts satisfaction surveys
of residents to determine the factors residents consider most important in
choosing a manufactured home community.

FUTURE ACQUISITIONS

     The Company acquired or gained a controlling interest in eighty-eight
Properties during 1997 through 1999, more than doubling its portfolio. The
Company believes that opportunities for property acquisitions are still
available and in general consolidation within the industry will continue (see -
Industry - The Manufactured Home Community Industry - Industry Consolidation).
The Company believes that transactions occurring in the private marketplace are
at valuations significantly in excess of the Company's current public market
valuation. As a result, during 1999 and 2000 the Company accelerated its stock
repurchase program. The Company's board of directors continues to review the
conditions under which the Company will repurchase its stock. These conditions
include, but are not limited to, market price, balance sheet flexibility, other
opportunities and capital requirements. (For more information on the Company's
stock repurchase program see Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements.)
Increasing acceptability of and demand for manufactured homes and continued
constraints on development of new manufactured home communities continues to add
to their attractiveness as an investment. The Company believes it has a
competitive advantage in the acquisition of new Communities due to its
experienced management, significant presence in major real estate markets and
substantial capital resources. The Company is actively seeking to acquire
additional Communities and currently is engaged in various stages of
negotiations relating to the possible acquisition of a number of Communities.

                                       4
<PAGE>   5
     The Company anticipates that newly acquired properties will be located in
the United States. The Company utilizes market information systems to identify
and evaluate acquisition opportunities, including a market database to review
the primary economic indicators of the various locations in which the Company
expects to expand its operations. Acquisitions will be financed from the most
appropriate sources of capital, which may include undistributed funds from
operations, issuance of additional equity securities, sales of investments,
collateralized and uncollateralized borrowings and issuance of debt securities.
In addition, the Company may cause the Operating Partnership to issue units of
limited partnership interest ("OP Units") to finance acquisitions. The Company
believes that an ownership structure which includes the Operating Partnership
will permit the Company to acquire additional Communities in transactions that
may defer all or a portion of the sellers' tax consequences.

     When evaluating potential acquisitions, the Company will consider such
factors as: (i) the replacement cost of the property; (ii) the geographic area
and type of property; (iii) the location, construction quality, condition and
design of the property; (iv) the current and projected cash flow of the property
and the ability to increase cash flow; (v) the potential for capital
appreciation of the property; (vi) the terms of tenant leases, including the
potential for rent increases; (vii) the potential for economic growth and the
tax and regulatory environment of the community in which the property is
located; (viii) the potential for expansion of the physical layout of the
property and/or the number of sites; (ix) the occupancy and demand by residents
for properties of a similar type in the vicinity and the residents profile; (x)
the prospects for liquidity through sale, financing or refinancing of the
property; and (xi) competition from existing Communities and the potential for
the construction of new communities in the area. The Company expects to purchase
Communities with physical and market characteristics similar to the Properties
in its current portfolio.

PROPERTY EXPANSIONS

     Several of the Company's Properties have available land for expanding the
number of sites available to be leased to residents. Development of these sites
("Expansion Sites") is predicated by local market conditions and permitted by
zoning and other applicable laws. When justified, development of Expansion Sites
allows the Company to leverage existing facilities and amenities to increase the
income generated from the Properties. Where appropriate, facilities and
amenities may be upgraded or added to certain Properties in order to make those
Properties more attractive in their markets. The Company's acquisition
philosophy has included the desire to own Properties with potential Expansion
Site development, and the Company has been successful in acquiring a number of
such Properties. Several examples of these Properties include the 1994
acquisition of Bulow Village with potential development of approximately 750
Expansion Sites, the 1997 acquisition of Golf Vista Estates with potential
development of approximately 180 Expansion Sites and the acquisition in 1999 of
Coquina Crossing with potential development of approximately 480 Expansion
Sites.

     Of the Company's 154 Properties, nine may be expanded consistent with
existing zoning regulations. In 2001, the Company expects to develop an
additional 353 Expansion Sites within five of these Properties. As of December
31, 2000, the Company had approximately 1,202 Expansion Sites available for
occupancy in 22 of the Properties. The Company filled 317 Expansion Sites in
2000 and expects to fill an additional 250 to 300 Expansion Sites in 2000.

LEASES

     The typical lease entered into between the tenant and the Company for the
rental of a site requires a security deposit and is for a month-to-month or
year-to-year term, renewable upon the consent of both parties or, in some
instances, as provided by statute. These leases are cancelable, depending on
state law, for non-payment of rent, violation of community rules and regulations
or other specified defaults. Non-cancelable long-term leases, with remaining
terms ranging up to ten years, are in effect at certain sites within eight of
the Properties. These leases are subject to rental rate increases based on the
Consumer Price Index ("CPI"), in some instances taking into consideration
certain floors and ceilings and allowing for pass-throughs of certain items such
as real estate taxes, utility expenses and capital expenditures. Generally,
market rate adjustments are made on an annual basis.

REGULATIONS AND INSURANCE

     General. Communities are subject to various laws, ordinances and
regulations, including regulations relating to recreational facilities such as
swimming pools, clubhouses and other common areas. The Company believes that
each Property has the necessary permits and approvals to operate.

                                       5
<PAGE>   6
     Rent Control Legislation. State and local rent control laws, principally in
California and Florida, limit the Company's ability to increase rents and to
recover increases in operating expenses and the costs of capital improvements at
certain Properties. Enactment of such laws has been considered from time to time
in other jurisdictions. The Company presently expects to continue to maintain
manufactured home communities, and may purchase additional properties, in
markets that are either subject to rent control or in which rent-limiting
legislation exists or may be enacted. For example, Florida has enacted a law
that generally provides that rental increases must be reasonable. Also, certain
jurisdictions in California in which the Company owns Properties limit rent
increases to changes in the CPI or some percentage thereof.

     Insurance. Management believes that the Properties are covered by adequate
fire, flood, property, earthquake and business interruption insurance (where
appropriate) provided by reputable companies and with commercially reasonable
deductibles and limits. The Company believes its insurance coverage is adequate
based on the Company's assessment of the risks to be insured, the probability of
loss and the relative cost of available coverage. The Company has obtained title
insurance insuring fee title to the Properties in an aggregate amount which the
Company believes to be adequate.

                                    INDUSTRY

THE MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITY INDUSTRY

    The Company believes that modern manufactured home communities, such as the
Properties, provide an opportunity for increased cash flows and appreciation in
value. These may be achieved through increases in occupancy rates and rents, as
well as expense controls, expansion of existing Properties and opportunistic
acquisitions, for the following industry specific reasons:

     -    Barriers to Entry: The Company believes that the supply of new
          Communities will be constrained due to barriers to entry into the
          industry. The most significant barrier has been the difficulty in
          securing zoning from local authorities. This has been the result of
          (i) the public's historically poor perception of the industry, and
          (ii) the fact that Communities generate less tax revenue because the
          homes are treated as personal property (a benefit to the home owner)
          rather than real property. Another factor that creates substantial
          barriers to entry is the length of time between investment in the
          Community's development and the attainment of stabilized occupancy and
          the generation of revenues. The initial development of the
          infrastructure may take up to two or three years. Once the Community
          is ready for occupancy, it may be difficult to attract residents to an
          empty Community. Substantial occupancy levels may take several years
          to achieve.

     -    Industry Consolidation: According to an industry analyst's
          manufactured home community industry report, there are approximately
          50,000 Communities in the United States and approximately 6.5% or
          3,250 of the Communities have more than 200 sites and would be
          considered "investment-grade" Properties. The five public REITs that
          own Communities own approximately 532 or about 16% of the
          "investment-grade" Communities. In addition, based on a report
          prepared by one analyst, the top 150 owners of Communities own
          approximately 69% of the "investment-grade" assets. The Company
          believes that this relatively high degree of fragmentation in the
          industry provides the Company, as a national organization with
          experienced management and substantial financial resources, the
          opportunity to purchase additional Communities.

     -    Stable Tenant Base: The Company believes that Communities tend to
          achieve and maintain a stable rate of occupancy due to the following
          factors: (i) residents own their own homes, (ii) Communities tend to
          foster a sense of community as a result of amenities such as club
          houses, recreational and social activities and (iii) since moving a
          manufactured home from one Community to another involves substantial
          cost and effort, residents often sell their home in-place (similar to
          site-built residential housing) with no interruption of rental
          payments.

MANUFACTURED HOUSING

    Based on the current growth in the number of individuals living in
manufactured homes, the Company believes that manufactured homes are
increasingly viewed by the public as an attractive and economical form of
housing. According to the industry's trade association, nearly one in four new
single family homes sold in the United States today is factory-built.

                                       6
<PAGE>   7
    The Company believes that the growing popularity of manufactured housing is
primarily the result of the following factors:

     -    Importance of Home Ownership. According to the Fannie Mae ("FNMA")
          1999 National Housing Survey renters' desire to own a home is stronger
          now than at any time in the 1990's. Security and permanence are
          thought to be non-financial reasons to own a home. The commitment to
          home ownership is tempered by an awareness of the high cost of owning
          a home. The affordability of manufactured housing allows many
          individuals to achieve this goal without jeopardizing their financial
          security.

     -    Affordability. For a significant number of persons, manufactured
          housing represents the only means of achieving home ownership. In
          addition, the total cost of housing in a manufactured home community
          (home cost, site rent and related occupancy costs) is competitive with
          and often lower than the total cost of alternative housing, such as
          apartments and condominiums and generally substantially lower than
          stick built residential alternatives.

     -    Lifestyle Choice. As the average age of the United States population
          has increased, manufactured housing has become an increasingly popular
          housing alternative for retirement and "empty-nest" living. According
          to FNMA, the surviving baby-boom generation - the 80 million people
          born between 1945 and 1964 - will constitute 18% of the U.S.
          population within the next 30 years and more than 32 million will
          reach age 55 within the next ten years. Among those people who are
          nearing retirement (age 40 to 54), approximately 33% plan on moving
          upon retirement. The Company believes that manufactured housing is
          especially attractive to such individuals when located within a
          Community that offers an appealing amenity package, close proximity to
          local services, social activities, low maintenance and a secure
          environment.

     -    Construction Quality. Since 1976, all manufactured housing has been
          required to meet stringent Federal standards, resulting in significant
          increases in the quality of the industry's product. The Department of
          Housing and Urban Development's standards for manufactured housing
          construction quality are the only Federally regulated standards
          governing housing quality of any type in the United States.
          Manufactured homes produced since 1976 have received a "red and
          silver" government seal certifying that they were built in compliance
          with the Federal code. The code regulates manufactured home design and
          construction, strength and durability, fire resistance and energy
          efficiency, and the installation and performance of heating, plumbing,
          air conditioning, thermal and electrical systems. In newer homes, top
          grade lumber and dry wall materials are common. Also, manufacturers
          are required to follow the same fire codes as builders of site-built
          structures.

     -    Comparability to Site-Built Homes. The manufactured housing industry
          has experienced a recent trend towards multi-section homes. Many
          modern manufactured homes are longer (up to 80 feet compared to 50
          feet in the 1960s) and wider than earlier models. Many homes have
          vaulted ceilings, fireplaces and as many as four bedrooms and closely
          resemble single family ranch style site-built homes.

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES

    The Company believes that the Properties provide attractive amenities and
common facilities that create a comfortable and attractive Community for the
residents, with most offering a clubhouse, a swimming pool, laundry facilities
and cable television service. Many also offer additional amenities such as
sauna/whirlpool spas, golf courses, tennis, shuffleboard and basketball courts
and exercise rooms. Since resident own their homes, it is their responsibility
to maintain their homes and the surrounding area. It is management's role to
insure that residents comply with Community policies and to provide maintenance
of the common areas, facilities and amenities. The Company holds periodic
meetings of its property management personnel for training and implementation of
the Company's strategies. The Properties historically have had and the Company
believes they will continue to have low turnover and high occupancy rates.

    The distribution of the Properties throughout the United States reflects the
Company's belief that geographic diversification helps insulate the portfolio
from regional economic influences. The Company intends to target new
acquisitions in or near markets where the Properties are located and will also
consider acquisitions of properties outside such markets. The Company's five
largest markets of Properties owned are Florida (47 Properties), California (25
Properties), Arizona (17 Properties), Michigan (11 Properties) and Colorado (10
Properties). These markets accounted for 35%, 17%, 9%, 4%, and 9%, respectively,
of the Company's total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000. The
Company also has Properties located in the following markets: Northeast,
Northwest, Midwest, and Nevada/Utah/New Mexico. The Company's largest Property,
Bay Indies, located in Venice, Florida accounted for 3% of the Company's total
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000.

                                       7
<PAGE>   8
    The following tables set forth certain information relating to the
Properties owned by the Company as of December 31, 2000, categorized by the
Company's major markets. "Core Portfolio" represents an analysis of Properties
owned throughout both years of comparison. The table excludes the following RV
resort Properties (3,197 sites) at which rents and occupancy vary based on
seasonality: Sherwood Forest RV (Kissimmee, Florida); Southern Palms (Eustis,
Florida); and Fun & Sun (San Benito, Texas). The table excludes five Properties
(1,521 sites) in which the Company has a non-controlling joint venture interest
and accounts for using the equity method of accounting.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            NUMBER                                     MONTHLY         MONTHLY
                                                           OF SITES      OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY       BASE RENT       BASE RENT
                                LOCATION                    AS OF         AS OF        AS OF           AS OF           AS OF
      PROPERTY                 CITY, STATE                 12/31/00      12/31/00     12/31/99        12/31/00        12/31/99
      --------                 -----------                 --------      --------     --------        --------        --------


                                                             FLORIDA

    NORTHERN, CENTRAL & EASTERN:

<S>                       <C>                <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>             <C>             <C>
Arrowhead                 Lantana            FL               602         95.7%         95.5%            $405            $388
Brittany Estates          Tallahassee        FL               299         93.6%         97.7%            $248            $233
Bulow Village             Flagler Beach      FL               276         97.8% (c)     89.9% (c)        $244            $238
Carriage Cove             Daytona Beach      FL               418         98.3%         96.9%            $370            $335
Colonies of Margate       Margate            FL               819         96.3%         96.1%            $418            $410
Coquina Crossing          St Augustine       FL   (a)         273         86.8% (c)     75.2% (c)        $281            $276
Country Side North        Vero Beach         FL               646         95.5% (c)     93.5% (c)        $298            $283
Fernwood                  Deland             FL                92         95.7%         95.7%            $244            $227
Heritage Village          Vero Beach         FL               436         97.2%         97.7%            $308            $291
Holiday Village FL        Vero Beach         FL               128         79.7%         82.0%            $281            $268
Indian Oaks               Rockledge          FL               211         94.8% (c)     90.5% (c)        $240            $236
Lakewood Village          Melbourne          FL               348         95.7%         94.8%            $345            $331
The Landings              Port Orange        FL               433         89.4% (c)     89.1% (c)        $293            $287
Mid-Florida Lakes         Leesburg           FL             1,226         93.2% (c)     95.4% (c)        $313            $305
Oak Bend                  Ocala              FL               262         84.4% (c)     82.1% (c)        $239            $226
Pickwick                  Port Orange        FL               432         94.9%         95.1%            $296            $287
Sherwood Forest           Kissimmee          FL               769         94.7% (c)     89.1% (c)        $319            $286
Spanish Oaks              Ocala              FL               459         93.7%         95.9%            $297            $282
The Meadows, FL           Palm Beach Gardens FL   (a)         380         81.1% (c)     78.7% (c)        $332            $318

    TAMPA/NAPLES:

Bay Indies                Venice             FL             1,309         99.9%         99.8%            $314            $304
Bay Lake Estates          Nokomis            FL               228         98.2%         99.6%            $354            $348
Boulevard Estates         Clearwater         FL               297         89.6%         89.6%            $279            $282
Buccaneer                 N. Ft. Myers       FL               971         99.3%         99.4%            $317            $304
Chalet Village            Tampa              FL                60         90.0%         88.5%            $306            $302
Country Meadows           Plant City         FL               736         98.8%         98.5%            $277            $267
Country Place             New Port Richey    FL               515         90.9% (c)     82.5% (c)        $230            $222
Down Yonder               Largo              FL               361         98.9%         98.6%            $351            $343
East Bay Oaks             Largo              FL               328         97.0%         99.1%            $351            $341
Eldorado Village          Largo              FL               227         96.9%         96.0%            $356            $343
Friendly Village of       Clearwater         FL               236         84.7%         85.6%            $293            $282
Kapok
Hillcrest                 Clearwater         FL               279         80.3%         83.2%            $326            $320
Holiday Ranch             Largo              FL               150         94.0%         94.0%            $333            $315
Lake Fairways             N. Ft. Myers       FL               896         99.4%         99.7%            $352            $339
Lake Haven                Dunedin            FL               379         97.6%         95.8%            $394            $363
Pine Lakes                N. Ft. Myers       FL               584         99.8%        100.0%            $421            $410
Satellite                 Clearwater         FL                87         90.8%         93.3%            $253            $243
Sunset Oaks               Plant City         FL               168         64.9% (c)     56.3% (c)        $231            $217
The Heritage              N. Ft. Myers       FL               455         79.6% (c)     76.7% (c)        $290            $282
Windmill Manor            Bradenton          FL               292         96.2%         95.9%            $363            $351
Windmill Village - Ft.    N. Ft. Myers       FL               491         98.6%         98.6%            $297            $291
Myers
Windmill Village North    Sarasota           FL               471         99.8%         99.8%            $320            $310
Windmill Village South    Sarasota           FL               306        100.0%        100.0%            $321            $310
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------
    TOTAL FLORIDA MARKET                                   18,335         94.7%         93.9%            $321            $311
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------

    FLORIDA MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                        17,682         95.1%         94.5%            $333            $312
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------
</TABLE>

                                       8
<PAGE>   9
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          NUMBER                                        MONTHLY         MONTHLY
                                                         OF SITES        OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY       BASE RENT       BASE RENT
                               LOCATION                   AS OF           AS OF         AS OF           AS OF            AS OF
       PROPERTY               CITY, STATE                12/31/00        12/31/00      12/31/99        12/31/00        12/31/99
       --------               -----------                --------        --------      --------        --------        --------


                                                         CALIFORNIA

    NORTHERN
    CALIFORNIA:

<S>                       <C>                 <C>        <C>            <C>           <C>              <C>             <C>
California Hawaiian       San Jose            CA              419         98.1% (c)     99.3% (c)        $600            $580
Colony Park               Ceres               CA              186         76.9%         71.5%            $345            $325
Concord Cascade           Pacheco             CA              283         98.9%         99.6%            $521            $507
Contempo Marin            San Rafael          CA              396         98.7%         98.7%            $631            $613
Coralwood                 Modesto             CA              194         92.8%         92.3%            $403            $393
Four Seasons              Fresno              CA              242         71.5%         68.6%            $244            $242
Laguna Lake               San Luis Obispo     CA              290         99.7%        100.0%            $328            $292
Monte del Lago            Castroville         CA              314         99.4% (c)     99.7% (c)        $485            $456
Quail Meadows             Riverbank           CA              146         98.6%         92.5%            $340            $330
Royal Oaks                Visalia             CA              149         83.2%         80.5%            $253            $247
DeAnza Santa Cruz         Santa Cruz          CA              198        100.0%        100.0%            $514            $491
Sea Oaks                  Los Osos            CA              138        100.0%        100.0%            $344            $335
Sunshadow                 San Jose            CA              121        100.0%        100.0%            $583            $561
Westwinds (4              San Jose            CA              723         99.9%         99.3%            $615            $570
properties)

    SOUTHERN
    CALIFORNIA:

Date Palm Country Club    Cathedral City      CA              538         93.9%         91.4%            $631            $594
Lamplighter               Spring Valley       CA              270         99.6%         99.6%            $535            $508
Meadowbrook               Santee              CA              332         99.4%         99.1%            $604            $560
Rancho Mesa               El Cajon            CA              158         99.4%         94.9%            $510            $502
Rancho Valley             El Cajon            CA              140         99.3%         98.6%            $517            $494
Royal Holiday             Hemet               CA  (a)         179         72.6%         75.0%            $257            $252
Santiago Estates          Sylmar              CA              299         94.6%         92.7%            $591            $564
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------
    TOTAL CALIFORNIA MARKET                                 5,715         94.9%         94.3%            $509            $491
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------

    CALIFORNIA MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                      5,536         95.7%         94.9%            $517            $479
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            ARIZONA
<S>                       <C>                 <C>        <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>
Apollo Village            Phoenix             AZ              237         92.8% (c)     92.4% (c)        $356            $337
Brentwood Manor           Mesa                AZ              274         94.9%         96.4%            $431            $417
Carefree Manor            Phoenix             AZ              127         99.2%         98.4%            $303            $277
Casa del Sol #1           Peoria              AZ              246         94.7%         94.3%            $407            $394
Casa del Sol #2           Glendale            AZ              239         97.9%         97.9%            $438            $423
Casa del Sol #3           Glendale            AZ              238         96.2%         97.1%            $420            $403
Central Park              Phoenix             AZ              293         96.9%         95.9%            $373            $355
Desert Skies              Phoenix             AZ              164         97.0%         97.0%            $299            $278
Fairview Manor            Tucson              AZ              235         92.8%         95.3%            $311            $291
Hacienda de Valencia      Mesa                AZ              365         94.2%         93.4%            $361            $344
Palm Shadows              Glendale            AZ              294         94.9%         94.9%            $336            $326
Sedona Shadows            Sedona              AZ              200         88.0%         88.0%            $306            $293
Sunrise Heights           Phoenix             AZ              199         95.5%         98.0%            $347            $327
The Mark                  Mesa                AZ              410         95.9%         97.3%            $361            $338
The Meadows               Tempe               AZ              391         98.0%         96.7%            $416            $399
Whispering Palms          Phoenix             AZ              116         99.1%        100.0%            $263            $247
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------
    TOTAL ARIZONA MARKET                                    4,028         95.4%         95.7%            $367            $350
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------

    ARIZONA MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                         4,028         95.4%         95.7%            $367            $350
                                                           ------       ------        ------           ------          ------
</TABLE>

                                       9
<PAGE>   10
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           NUMBER                                      MONTHLY         MONTHLY
                                                          OF SITES       OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY       BASE RENT       BASE RENT
                               LOCATION                    AS OF          AS OF         AS OF           AS OF           AS OF
       PROPERTY               CITY, STATE                 12/31/00       12/31/00     12/31/99         12/31/00        12/31/99
       --------               -----------                 --------       --------     --------         --------        --------


                                                          MICHIGAN
<S>                       <C>                 <C>         <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>             <C>
Americana Estate          Kalamazoo           MI              162         93.2%         97.5%            $262            $254
Appletree                 Walker              MI              239         96.7%         96.2%            $290            $276
Brighton Village          Brighton            MI              197         99.0%         97.0%            $330            $326
College Heights           Auburn Hills        MI              162         98.1%         92.6%            $317            $332
Creekside                 Wyoming             MI              165         97.6%         98.8%            $356            $344
Groveland Manor           Holly               MI              186         91.4%         93.0%            $320            $317
Hillcrest Acres           Kalamazoo           MI              150         96.0%         98.0%            $289            $283
Metro                     Romulus             MI              227         98.7%         96.0%            $328            $300
Riverview Estates         Bay City            MI              197         78.2%         76.8%            $230            $233
South Lyon Woods          South Lyon          MI              211         98.1%         98.1%            $417            $401
Willow Run                Ypsilianti          MI              185         91.4%         89.2%            $272            $281
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
    TOTAL MICHIGAN MARKET                                   2,081         94.4%         93.9%            $315            $306
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----

    MICHIGAN MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                        2,081         94.4%         93.9%            $315            $306
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            COLORADO
<S>                       <C>                 <C>         <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>             <C>
Bear Creek                Sheridan            CO              124        100.0%        100.0%            $385            $366
Cimarron                  Broomfield          CO              327         99.1%         98.8%            $391            $368
Golden Terrace            Golden              CO              264         99.2%         98.5%            $431            $414
Golden Terrace South      Golden              CO               80        100.0%         96.3%            $407            $381
Golden Terrace West       Golden              CO              316        100.0%         96.2%            $424            $408
Hillcrest Village         Aurora              CO              602         96.3%         96.0%            $422            $400
Holiday Hills             Denver              CO              734         97.1%         95.0%            $412            $390
Holiday Village           Co. Springs         CO              240         96.3%         98.8%            $403            $384
Pueblo Grande             Pueblo              CO              252         96.8%         94.4%            $265            $253
Woodland Hills            Denver              CO              434         98.6%         97.9%            $390            $375
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
    TOTAL COLORADO MARKET                                   3,373         97.9%         96.7%            $399            $380
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----

    COLORADO MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                        3,373         97.9%         96.7%            $399            $380
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           NORTHEAST
<S>                       <C>                 <C>         <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>             <C>
Aspen                     Rehoboth           DE               199        100.0%         98.0%            $250            $228
Camelot Acres             Rehoboth           DE               319        100.0%         99.4%            $380            $363
Mariners Cove             Millsboro          DE               375         88.5% (c)     85.6% (c)        $356            $336
McNicol                   Rehoboth           DE                93         97.8%        100.0%            $248            $240
Sweetbriar                Rehoboth           DE               142        100.0%         99.3%            $208            $189
Waterford                 Bear               DE               731         96.9% (c)     93.8% (c)        $379            $360
Whispering Pines          Lewes              DE               392         96.9%         93.6%            $258            $245
Pheasant Ridge            Mt. Airy           MD               101         99.0%         99.0%            $424            $407
Brook Gardens             Lackawanna         NY               424         97.2%         97.7%            $423            $400
Greenwood                 Manorville         NY               474         97.3% (c)     92.0% (c)        $366            $361
Green Acres               Breinigsville      PA               595         97.3%         98.8%            $408            $386
Meadows of Chantilly      Chantilly          VA               500         92.0%         83.0%            $493            $483
Independence Hill         Morgantown         WV               203         90.1%         87.2%            $204            $194
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
    TOTAL NORTHEAST MARKET                                  4,548         96.0%         93.5%            $365         $   339
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----

    NORTHEAST MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                       4,548         96.0%         93.5%            $365            $339
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
</TABLE>

10
<PAGE>   11
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           NUMBER                                       MONTHLY         MONTHLY
                                                          OF SITES       OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY       BASE RENT       BASE RENT
                               LOCATION                    AS OF           AS OF        AS OF           AS OF           AS OF
       PROPERTY               CITY, STATE                 12/31/00       12/31/00      12/31/99        12/31/00        12/31/99
       --------               -----------                 --------       --------      --------        --------        --------


                                                            MIDWEST
<S>                       <C>                <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>
Five Seasons              Cedar Rapids       IA               390         79.7% (c)     81.5% (c)        $240            $240
Holiday Village, IA       Sioux City         IA               519         87.7%         92.1%            $241            $228
Golf Vista                Monee              IL               319         90.6% (c)     77.1% (c)        $344            $319
Willow Lake Estates       Elgin              IL               617         97.4%         96.3%            $583            $546
Burns Harbor Estates      Chesterton         IN               227         89.0%         93.4%            $287            $282
Candlelight Village       Columbus           IN               585         99.5%         99.1%            $207            $195
Oak Tree Village          Portage            IN               379         93.1%         94.5%            $283            $267
Windsong                  Indianapolis       IN               268         91.4%         97.0%            $267            $257
Bonner Springs            Bonner Springs     KS               211         91.9%         93.4%            $216            $202
Carriage Park             Kansas City        KS               143         76.9% (d)     74.1% (d)        $208            $196
Quivira Hills             Kansas City        KS               142         86.6%         82.4%            $245            $226
Camelot                   Burnsville         MN               302         99.3%         99.7%            $241            $239
Briarwood                 Brookline          MO               166         90.4%         92.2%            $195            $175
Dellwood Estates          Warrensburg        MO               136         81.6%         86.0%            $168            $156
North Star                Kansas City        MO               219         96.3%         95.9%            $261            $244
Royal Village             Toledo             OH               233         89.3%         92.3%            $268            $258
Rockwood                  Tulsa              OK               264         98.5%         98.5%            $230            $218
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
    TOTAL MIDWEST MARKET                                    5,120         91.9%         92.2%            $287            $282
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----

    MIDWEST MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                         5,120         91.9%         92.2%            $287            $282
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  NEVADA, UTAH, NEW MEXICO
<S>                       <C>                 <C>        <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>
Del Rey                    Albuquerque        NM              407         90.9%         83.8%            $316            $350
Bonanza                    Las Vegas          NV              353         81.6%         91.8%            $440            $441
Boulder Cascade            Las Vegas          NV              299         89.3%         93.3%            $457            $443
Cabana                     Las Vegas          NV              263         98.9%         99.6%            $415            $392
Flamingo West              Las Vegas          NV              258         80.2% (c)    100.0% (c)        $406            $403
Villa Borega               Las Vegas          NV              293         95.9%         98.3%            $451            $443
All Seasons                Salt Lake City     UT              121         97.5%         97.5%            $315            $292
Westwood Village           Farr West          UT              314         95.2% (c)     98.7% (c)        $230            $218
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
    TOTAL NEVADA, UTAH, NEW MEXICO MARKET                   2,308         90.6%         94.0%            $384            $376
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----

    NEVADA, UTAH, NEW MEXICO MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO        2,308         90.6%         94.0%            $384            $376
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           NORTHWEST
<S>                       <C>                 <C>        <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>
Casa Village               Billings           MT              491         98.0%         97.0%            $272            $262
Falcon Wood Village        Eugene             OR              183         98.4%         99.5%            $345            $329
Quail Hollow               Fairview           OR              138         98.6%         99.3%            $409            $408
Shadowbrook                Clackamas          OR              156         99.4%        100.0%            $429            $417
Kloshe Illahee             Federal Way        WA              258         99.2%         99.6%            $454            $433
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----
    TOTAL NORTHWEST MARKET                                  1,226         98.5%         98.4%            $356            $345
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----

    NORTHWEST MARKET - CORE PORTFOLIO                       1,226         98.5%         98.4%            $356            $345
                                                            -----         ----          ----             ----            ----

GRAND TOTAL ALL MARKETS                                    46,734         94.7%         94.2%            $356            $343
                                                           ======         ====          ====             ====            ====
GRAND TOTAL ALL MARKETS - CORE PORTFOLIO                   45,902         94.9% (e)     94.2% (e)        $357            $344
                                                           ======         ====          ====             ====            ====
</TABLE>

(a)  Represents a Property that is not part of the Core Portfolio.

(c)  The process of filling Expansion Sites at these Properties is ongoing. A
     decrease in occupancy may reflect development of additional Expansion
     Sites.

(d)  Carriage Park suffered damage to approximately 85 homes in 1993 due to
     flooding; the process of re-leasing these sites is ongoing.

(e)  Changes in total portfolio occupancy include the impact of acquisitions and
     expansion programs and are therefore not comparable.

See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.

                                       11
<PAGE>   12
ITEM 3.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

DEANZA SANTA CRUZ MOBILE ESTATES

     The residents of DeAnza Santa Cruz Mobile Estates, a property located in
Santa Cruz, California (the "City") previously brought several actions opposing
certain fees and charges in connection with water service at the Property. The
trial of the ongoing utility charge dispute with the residents of this Property
concluded on January 22, 1999. This summary provides the history and reasoning
underlying the Company's defense of the residents' claims and explains the
Company's decision to continue to defend its position, which the Company
believes is fair and accurate.

     DeAnza Santa Cruz Mobile Estates is a 198 site community overlooking the
Pacific Ocean. It is subject to the City's rent control ordinance which limits
annual rent increases to 75% of CPI. The Company purchased this Property in
August 1994 from certain unaffiliated DeAnza entities ("DeAnza"). Prior to the
Company's purchase in 1994, DeAnza made the decision to submeter and separately
bill tenants at the Property for both water and sewer in 1993 in the face of the
City's rapidly rising utility costs.

     Under California Civil Code Section 798.41, DeAnza was required to reduce
rent by an amount equal to the average cost of usage over the preceding 12
months. This was done. With respect to water, not looking to submit to
jurisdiction of the California Public Utility Commission ("CPUC"), DeAnza relied
on California Public Utilities Code Section 2705.5 ("CPUC Section 2705.5") to
determine what rates would be charged for water on an ongoing basis without
becoming a public utility. DeAnza and the Company interpreted the statute as
providing that in a submetered mobile home park, the property owner is not
subject to regulation and control of the CPUC so long as the users are charged
what they would be charged by the utility company if users received their water
directly from the utility company. In Santa Cruz, customers receiving their
water directly from the city's water utility were charged a certain lifeline
rate for the first 400 ccfs of water and a greater rate for usage over 400 ccfs
of water, a readiness to serve charge of $7.80 per month and tax on the total.
In reliance on CPUC Section 2705.5, DeAnza implemented its billings on this
schedule notwithstanding that it did not receive the discount for the first 400
ccfs of water because it was a commercial and not a residential customer.

     A dispute with the residents ensued over the readiness to serve charge and
tax thereon. The residents argued that California Civil Code Section 798.41
required that the Property owner could only pass through its actual costs of
water (and that the excess charges over the amount of the rent rollback were an
improper rent increase) and that CPUC Section 2705.5 was not applicable. DeAnza
unbundled the utility charges from rent consistent with California Civil Code
Section 798.41 and it has generally been undisputed that the rent rollback was
accurately calculated.

     In August 1994, when the Company acquired the Property, the Company
reviewed the respective legal positions of the Santa Cruz Homeowners Association
("HOA") and DeAnza and concurred with DeAnza. Their reliance on CPUC Section
2705.5 made both legal and practical sense in that residents paid only what they
would pay if they lived in a residential neighborhood within the City and
permitted DeAnza to recoup part of the expenses of operating a submetered system
through the readiness to serve charge.

     Over a period of 18 months from 1993 into May of 1995, a series of
complaints were filed by the HOA and Herbert Rossman, a resident, against
DeAnza, and later, the Company. DeAnza and the Company demurred to each of these
complaints on the grounds that the CPUC had exclusive jurisdiction over the
setting of water rates and that residents under rent control had to first
exhaust their administrative remedies before proceeding in a civil action. At
one point, the case was dismissed (with leave to amend) on the basis that
jurisdiction was with the CPUC and, at another point, Mr. Rossman was dismissed
from the case because he had not exhausted his administrative remedies.

     On June 29, 1995, a hearing was held before a Santa Cruz rent control
officer on billing and submetering issues related to both water and sewer. The
Company and DeAnza prevailed on all issues related to sewer and the rent
rollback related to water, but the hearing officer determined that the Company
could only pass through its actual cost of water, i.e., a prorated readiness to
serve charge and tax thereon. The hearing officer did not deal with the subsidy
being given to residents through the quantity charge and ordered a rebate in a
fixed amount per resident. The Company and DeAnza requested reconsideration on
this issue, among others, which reconsideration was denied by the hearing
officer.

     The Company then took a writ of mandate (an appeal from an administrative
order) to the Superior Court and, pending this appeal, the residents, the
Company and the City agreed to stay the effect of the hearing officer's decision
until the Court rendered judgment.

     In July 1996, the Superior Court affirmed the hearing officer's decision
without addressing concerns about the failure to take the subsidy on the
quantity charge into account.

                                       12
<PAGE>   13
     The Company requested that the City and the HOA agree to a further stay
pending appeal to the court of appeal, but they refused and the appeal court
denied the Company's request for a stay in late November 1996. Therefore, on
January 1, 1997, the Company reduced its water charges at this Property to
reflect a pass-through of only the readiness to serve charge and tax at the
master meter (approximately $0.73) and to eliminate the subsidy on the water
charges. On their March 1, 1997 rent billings, residents were credited for
amounts previously "overcharged" for readiness to serve charge and tax. The
amount of the rebate given by the Company and DeAnza was $36,400. In calculating
the rebate, the Company and DeAnza took into account the previous subsidy on
water usage although this issue had not yet been decided by the court of appeal.
The Company and DeAnza felt legally safe in so doing based on language in the
hearing officer's decision that actual costs could be passed through.

     On March 12, 1997, the Company also filed an application with the CPUC to
dedicate the water system at this Property to public use and have the CPUC set
cost-based rates for water usage. The Company believed it was obligated to take
this action because of its consistent reliance on CPUC Section 2705.5 as a safe
harbor from CPUC jurisdiction. That is, when the Company could no longer charge
for water as the local serving utility would charge, it was no longer exempt
from the CPUC's jurisdiction and control under CPUC Section 2705.5.

     On March 20, 1997, the court of appeal issued the writ of mandate requested
by the Company on the grounds that the hearing officer had improperly calculated
the amount of the rebate (meaning the Company had correctly calculated the rent
credits), but also ruling that the hearing officer was correct when he found
that the readiness to serve charge and tax thereon as charged by DeAnza and the
Company were an inappropriate rent increase. The court of appeal further agreed
with the Company that the City's hearing officer did not have the authority
under California Civil Code Section 798.41 to establish rates that could be
charged in the future.

     Following this decision, the CPUC granted the Company its certificate of
convenience and necessity on December 17, 1998 and approved cost-based rates and
charges for water that exceed what residents were paying under the Company's
reliance on CPUC Section 2705.5. Concurrently, the CPUC also issued an Order
Instituting Investigation ("OII") confirming its exclusive jurisdiction over the
issue of water rates in a submetered system and commencing an investigation into
the confusion and turmoil over billings in submetered properties. Specifically,
the OII states: "The Commission has exclusive and primary jurisdiction over the
establishment of rates for water and sewer services provided by private
entities."

     Specifically, the CPUC ruling regarding the Company's application stated:
"The ultimate question of what fees and charges may or may not be assessed,
beyond external supplier pass-through charges, for in-park facilities when a
mobile home park does not adhere to the provisions of CPUC Section 2705.5, must
be decided by the Commission."

     After the court of appeal decision, the HOA brought all of its members back
into the underlying civil action for the purpose of determining damages,
including punitive damages, against the Company. The trial was continued from
July 1998 to January 1999 to give the CPUC time to act on the Company's
application. Notwithstanding the action taken by the CPUC in issuing the OII in
December 1998, the trial court denied the Company's motion to dismiss on
jurisdictional grounds and trial commenced before a jury on January 11, 1999.

     Not only did the trial court not consider the Company's motion to dismiss,
the trial court refused to allow evidence of the OII or the Company's CPUC
approval to go before the jury. Notwithstanding the Company's strenuous
objections, the judge also allowed evidence of the Company's and DeAnza's
litigation tactics to be used as evidence of bad faith and oppressive actions
(including evidence of the application to the CPUC requesting a $22.00 readiness
to serve charge). The Company's motion for a mistrial based upon these
evidentiary rulings was denied. On January 22, 1999, the jury returned a verdict
awarding $6.0 million of punitive damages against the Company and DeAnza. The
Company had previously agreed to indemnify DeAnza on the matter.

     The Company has bonded the judgment pending appeal in accordance with
California procedural rules, which require a bond equal to 150% of the amount of
the judgment. Post-judgment interest will accrue at the statutory rate of 10.0%
per annum.

     On April 19, 1999, the trial court denied all of the Company's and DeAnza's
post-trial motions for judgement notwithstanding the verdict, new trial and
remittitur. The trial court also awarded $700,000 of attorneys' fees to
plaintiffs. The Company has appealed the jury verdict and attorneys' fees award
(which also accrues interest at the statutory rate of 10.0% per annum) and the
appeal has been fully briefed by both parties. The Company is awaiting notice of
scheduling of oral argument on the appeal.

                                       13
<PAGE>   14
     In two related appeals, the Company had argued that the trial court's
ability to enter an award of attorneys' fees in favor of the HOA and to take
certain other actions was preempted by the exercise of exclusive jurisdiction by
the CPUC over the issue of how to set rates for water in a submetered mobile
home park. During 2000, the California court of appeal rejected the Company's
preemption argument with respect to these prior rulings in favor of plaintiffs,
one of which had awarded plaintiffs approximately $100,000 of attorneys' fees.
The California Supreme Court declined to accept the case for review and the
Company paid the judgment, including post-judgment interest thereon, and settled
the matter for approximately $200,000 late in 2000.

     The jury verdict appeal also raises a similar jurisdictional argument as
well as several other arguments for reversal or reduction of the punitive damage
award or for a new trial. An important distinction between the appellate ruling
in 2000 and the preemption issue as it is presented on appeal in the jury
verdict case is that the preemption argument rejected was "retroactive" while
the preemption issue remaining on appeal is prospective. One of the other
arguments raised by the Company in the jury verdict appeal is that punitive
damages are not available in a case brought under Section 798.41 of the
California Mobilehome Residency Law ("MRL") since the MRL contains its own
penalty provisions. Although no assurances can be given, the Company believes
the appeal will be successful.

     Subsequently, in December 2000 the HOA and certain individual residents of
the Property filed a complaint in the Superior Court of California, County of
Santa Cruz (No. CV 139825) against the Company, certain affiliates of the
Company and certain employees of the Company. The new lawsuit seeks damages,
including punitive damages, for intentional infliction of emotional distress,
unfair business practices, and unlawful retaliation purportedly arising from
allegedly retaliatory rent increases which were noticed by the Company to
certain residents in September 2000. The Company believes that the residents who
received rent increase notices with respect to rent increases above those
permitted by the local rent control ordinance were not covered by the ordinance
either because they did not comply with the provisions of the ordinance or
because they are exempted by state law. On December 29, 2000, the Superior Court
of California, County of Santa Cruz enjoined such rent increases. The Company
intends to vigorously defend the matter, which may go to trial in the summer of
2001.

ELLENBURG COMMUNITIES

     The Company and certain other parties entered into a settlement agreement,
which was approved by the court in April 2000. The settlement resolved
substantially all of the litigation and appeals involving the Ellenburg
Properties, and transactions arising out of the settlement closed on May 22,
2000 (see Note 5).

     In connection with the Ellenburg Acquisition, on September 8, 1999,
Ellenburg Fund 20 ("Fund 20") filed a cross complaint in the Ellenburg
dissolution proceeding against the Company and certain of its affiliates
alleging causes of action for fraud and other claims in connection with the
Ellenburg acquisition. The Company subsequently successfully had the cross
complaint against the Company and its affiliates dismissed with prejudice by the
California Superior Court. However, Fund 20 has appealed. This appeal was not
resolved by the Settlement. The Company believes Fund 20's allegations are
without merit and will vigorously defend itself.

CANDLELIGHT PROPERTIES, L.L.C

     In 1996, 1997 and 1998, the Lending Partnership made loans to Candlelight
Properties, L.L.C. ("Borrower") in the aggregate principal amount of $8,050,000
(collectively, the "Loan". The Loan is secured by a mortgage on Candlelight
Village ("Candlelight"), a Property in Columbus, Indiana, and is guaranteed by
Ronald E. Farren ("Farren"), the 99% owner of Borrower. The Company accounts for
the Loan as an investment in real estate and, accordingly, Candlelight's results
of operations are consolidated with the Company's for financial reporting
purposes. Concurrently with the funding of the Loan, Borrower granted the
Operating Partnership the option to acquire Candlelight upon the maturity of the
Loan. The Operating Partnership notified Borrower that it was exercising its
option to acquire Candlelight in March 1999, and the Loan subsequently matured
on May 3, 1999. However, Borrower failed to repay the Loan and refused to convey
Candlelight to the Operating Partnership.

     Borrower filed suit in the Circuit Court of Bartholomew County, Indiana
("Court") on May 5, 1999, seeking declaratory judgment on the validity of the
exercise of the option. The Lending Partnership filed suit in the Court the next
day, seeking to foreclose its mortgage, and the suits were consolidated
(collectively, the "State Court Litigation") by the Court. The Court issued an
Order on December 1, 1999, finding, among other things, that the Operating
Partnership had validly exercised the option. Both parties filed motions to
correct errors in the Order, and on May 15, 2000, the Court issued judgments
against Borrower and Farren and in favor of the Operating Partnership in the
option case and the Lending Partnership in the foreclosure case. Borrower and
Farren appealed both judgments, and the Court has stayed the judgments pending
such appeals. The Operating Partnership and the Lending Partnership intend to
continue vigorously pursuing this matter and believe that, while no assurance
can be given, such efforts will be successful.

                                       14
<PAGE>   15
     On May 3, 2000, Hanover Group, Inc. ("Hanover") and Farren filed suit
against the Company and certain executive and senior officers of the Company in
the United States District Court for Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis
Division. The complaint alleges violations of securities laws and fraud arising
from the loan transaction being litigated in the State Court Litigation and
seeks damages, including treble damages. The Company believes that the complaint
is related to rulings made by the Court and is without merit. The Company has
filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings (which has been fully briefed), and
will continue to vigorously defend itself and the officers of the Company.

     On May 24, 2000, Hanover and Farren filed suit against the Operating
Partnership in the Superior Court of Marion County, Indiana. The complaint seeks
declaratory relief and specific performance with respect to the Operating
Partnership's alleged obligation to reconvey to Hanover the Operating
Partnership's 1% ownership interest in Borrower. The Company believes that the
complaint is related to rulings made by the Court and is without merit. The
parties have agreed to a stay in this proceeding pending the outcome of the
appeals in the State Court Litigation.

     The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the
ordinary course of business. Management believes that all proceedings herein
described or referred to, taken together, are not expected to have a material
adverse impact on the Company.

ITEM 4.      SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None.

                                       15
<PAGE>   16
                                     PART II

ITEM 5.      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
             MATTERS

     The following table sets forth for the period indicated, the high and low
sales prices for the Company's common stock as reported by the New York Stock
Exchange under the trading symbol MHC.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              Distributions       Return of Capital
                                          Close              High             Low                  Made             GAAP Basis (a)
                                          -----              ----             ---                  ----             --------------
<S>                                      <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>                 <C>
2000

1st Quarter                              $23.1250          $25.7500         $22.2500              $.4150                    $.14
2nd Quarter                               23.9375           25.7500          23.0625               .4150                     .00
3rd Quarter                               25.0000           25.2500          23.5000               .4150                     .17
4th Quarter                               29.0000           29.1250          24.3125               .4150                     .12

1999

1st Quarter                              $24.0000          $25.5000         $21.8125              $.3875                    $.08
2nd Quarter                               26.0000           27.0000          22.3750               .3875                     .12
3rd Quarter                               23.3750           26.0625          23.0000               .3875                     .12
4th Quarter                               24.3125           24.5000          22.5625               .3875                     .15
</TABLE>

(a) Represents distributions per share in excess of net income per share-basic
on a GAAP basis and is not the same as return of capital on a tax basis.

The number of beneficial holders of the Company's common stock at December 31,
2000 was approximately 5,500.

                                       16
<PAGE>   17
ITEM 6.      SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING INFORMATION

     The following table sets forth selected financial and operating information
on a historical basis for the Company. The following information should be read
in conjunction with all of the financial statements and notes thereto included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The historical operating data for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996 have been derived from the
historical Financial Statements of the Company audited by Ernst & Young LLP,
independent auditors.

                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                  CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
         (Amounts in thousands, except for per share and property data)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
OPERATING DATA:                                                                (1) YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                               ----------------------------
                                                               2000          1999          1998           1997          1996
                                                               ----          ----          ----           ----          ----
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
REVENUES

     Base rental income...................................    $189,481      $181,672       $165,340      $108,984       $93,109
     RV base rental income................................       7,414         9,526          7,153           ---           ---
     Utility and other income.............................      20,366        20,096         18,219        11,785         8,821
     Equity in income of affiliates.......................       2,408         2,065          1,070           800           853
     Interest income......................................       1,009         1,669          3,048         1,941         2,420
                                                              --------      --------       --------      --------       -------
        Total revenues....................................     220,678       215,028        194,830       123,510       105,203
                                                              --------      --------       --------      --------       -------

EXPENSES

     Property operating and maintenance...................      59,199        58,038         53,064        32,343        28,399
     Real estate taxes....................................      16,888        16,460         14,470         8,352         7,947
     Property management..................................       8,690         8,337          7,108         5,079         4,338
     General and administrative...........................       6,423         6,092          5,411         4,559         4,062
     Interest and related amortization....................      53,280        53,775         49,693        21,753        17,782
     Depreciation on corporate assets.....................       1,139         1,005            995           590           488
     Depreciation on real estate assets and other costs...      34,411        34,486         28,426        17,365        15,244
                                                              --------      --------       --------      --------       -------
        Total expenses....................................     180,030       178,193        159,167        90,041        78,260
                                                              --------      --------       --------      --------       -------

     Income from operations...............................      40,648        36,835         35,663        33,469        26,943
     Gain on sale of property and other...................      12,053           ---            ---           ---           ---
                                                              --------      --------       --------      --------       -------
     Income before allocation to minority interests and
        extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt      52,701        36,835         35,663        33,469        26,943

     (Income) allocated to Common OP Units................     (8,463)       (6,219)        (6,733)       (4,373)       (2,671)
     (Income) allocated to Perpetual Preferred OP Units...    (11,252)       (2,844)            ---           ---           ---
                                                              --------      --------       --------      --------       -------

     Income before extraordinary loss on early
        extinguishment of debt............................      32,986        27,772         28,930        29,096        24,272
     Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment
        of debt (net of $264 and $105 allocated to
        minority interests)...............................     (1,041)           ---            ---         (451)           ---
                                                              --------      --------       --------      --------       -------

        NET INCOME........................................     $31,945       $27,772        $28,930       $28,645       $24,272
                                                               =======       =======        =======       =======       =======

     Net income per Common Share before extraordinary item
     - basic .............................................       $1.54         $1.10          $1.13         $1.18         $0.98
                                                               =======       =======        =======       =======       =======
     Net income per Common Share before extraordinary item
     - diluted............................................       $1.51         $1.09          $1.12         $1.16         $0.98
                                                               =======       =======        =======       =======       =======

     Net income per Common Share - basic..................       $1.49         $1.10          $1.13         $1.16         $0.98
                                                               =======       =======        =======       =======       =======
     Net income per Common Share - diluted................       $1.46         $1.09          $1.12         $1.15         $0.98
                                                               =======       =======        =======       =======       =======

     Dividend declared per Common Share...................       $1.66         $1.55          $1.45         $1.32         $1.22
                                                               =======       =======        =======       =======       =======

     Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - basic...      21,469        25,224         25,626        24,689        24,693
     Weighted average Common OP Units outstanding.........       5,592         5,704          5,955         3,749         2,715
     Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - diluted.      27,408        31,252         31,962        28,762        27,546
</TABLE>

                                       17
<PAGE>   18
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                  CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                   (continued)
         (Amounts in thousands, except for per share and property data)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
BALANCE SHEET DATA:                                                               (1) AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                  ----------------------
                                                               2000          1999          1998          1997          1996
                                                               ----          ----          ----          ----          ----
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>
     Real estate, before accumulated depreciation (2).....  $1,218,176    $1,264,343    $1,237,431      $936,318      $597,650
     Total assets.........................................   1,104,304     1,160,338     1,176,841       864,365       567,874
     Total mortgages and loans............................     764,938       725,264       750,849       495,172       254,982
     Minority interests...................................     171,271       179,397        70,468        67,453        28,640
     Stockholders' equity.................................     168,095       211,401       310,441       280,575       257,952

OTHER DATA:

     Funds from operations (3)............................     $63,807       $68,477       $64,089       $50,834       $42,187
     Net cash flow:
        Operating activities..............................     $68,001       $72,580       $71,977       $54,581       $49,660
        Investing activities..............................     $23,102     $(37,868)    $(262,762)    $(239,445)     $(60,954)
        Financing activities..............................   $(94,932)     $(41,693)      $203,533      $185,449       $10,858

     Total Properties (at end of period) (4)..............         154           157           154           121            69
     Total sites (at end of period).......................      51,452        54,007        53,391        44,108        27,356
     Total sites (weighted average) (5)...................      46,964        46,914        43,932        29,323        26,621
</TABLE>


(1)      See the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company included
         elsewhere herein.

(2)      The Company believes that the book value of the Properties, which
         reflects the historical costs of such real estate assets less
         accumulated depreciation, is less than the current market value of the
         Properties.

(3)      The Company generally considers Funds From Operations ("FFO") to be an
         appropriate measure of the performance of an equity Real Estate
         Investment Trust ("REIT"). FFO was redefined by the National
         Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") in October
         1999, effective January 1, 2000, as net income (computed in accordance
         with generally accepted accounting principles ["GAAP"]), before
         allocation to minority interests, excluding gains (or losses) from
         sales of property, plus real estate depreciation and after adjustments
         for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. For purposes of
         presenting FFO, the revised definition of FFO has been given
         retroactive treatment. The Company believes that FFO is helpful to
         investors as a measure of the performance of an equity REIT because,
         along with cash flows from operating activities, financing activities
         and investing activities, it provides investors an understanding of the
         ability of the Company to incur and service debt and to make capital
         expenditures. The Company computes FFO in accordance with the NAREIT
         definition which may differ from the methodology for calculating FFO
         utilized by other equity REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable
         to such other REITs computations. FFO in and of itself does not
         represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with
         GAAP and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net
         income as an indication of the Company's performance or to net cash
         flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of
         liquidity and is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund
         cash needs.

(4)      During the year ended December 31, 1996, four Properties were acquired;
         net operating income attributable to such Properties was approximately
         $1.8 million, which included approximately $371,000 of depreciation and
         amortization expense. During the year ended December 31, 1997, 39
         Properties were acquired; net operating income attributable to such
         Properties was approximately $3.8 million, which included approximately
         $1.7 million of depreciation and amortization expense. During the year
         ended December 31, 1998, 41 Properties were acquired; net operating
         income attributable to such Properties was approximately $7.6 million,
         which included approximately $3.9 million of depreciation and
         amortization expense. During the year ended December 31, 1999, two
         Properties were acquired; net operating income attributable to such
         Properties was approximately $87,000, which included approximately
         $104,000 of depreciation expense. During the year ended December 31,
         2000, three Properties and a water and wastewater treatment company
         were sold; net operating income attributable to such Properties was
         approximately $1.6 million, which included approximately $623,000 of
         depreciation expense.

(5)      Excludes recreational vehicle sites and sites held through
         unconsolidated joint ventures.

                                       18
<PAGE>   19
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

     The following discussion should be read in conjunction with "Selected
Financial Data" and the historical Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The following discussion may
contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which reflect management's current
views with respect to future events and financial performance. Such
forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties,
including, but not limited to, the effects of future events on the Company's
financial performance; the adverse impact of external factors such as inflation
and consumer confidence; and the risks associated with real estate ownership.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS, JOINT VENTURES AND DISPOSITIONS

     The following chart lists the Properties acquired or sold since January 1,
1998. The Company defines its core manufactured home community portfolio ("Core
Portfolio") as manufactured home Properties owned throughout both periods of
comparison. Excluded from the Core Portfolio are any Properties acquired or sold
during the period and also any recreational vehicle ("RV") Properties which,
together, are referred to as the "Non-Core" Properties.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        PROPERTY                            TRANSACTION DATE            SITES
                        --------                            ----------------            -----
<S>                                                         <C>                       <C>
     TOTAL SITES AS OF JANUARY 1, 1998 ...............................................  32,569

ACQUISITIONS:

     The Ellenburg Communities (37 Properties) .............Throughout 1998             14,498
     Quail Meadows .........................................January 8, 1998                146
     Sherwood Forest RV Resort .............................April 30, 1998                 512
     Casa Del Sol Resort III ...............................May 14, 1998                   238
     The College Heights Communities (18 Properties) .......June 4, 1998                 3,573
     Sunset Oaks ...........................................August 13, 1998                167
     The Meadows ...........................................April 1, 1999                  380
     Coquina Crossing ......................................July 23, 1999                  270

UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURES:

     Lakeshore Communities and Affiliates (3 properties) ...1998 and 1999                  633
     Plantation ............................................March 18, 1998                 385
     Trails West............................................March 18, 1998                 503

EXPANSION SITE DEVELOPMENT:

     Sites added in 1998....................................                               120
     Sites added in 1999....................................                               ---
     Sites added in 2000....................................                               108

DISPOSITIONS:

     Garden West Office Plaza ..............................October 26, 1999               ---
     FFEC-Six (water and wastewater service company)........February 29, 2000              ---
     Mesa Regal RV Resort...................................May 22, 2000                (2,005)
     Naples Estates.........................................May 22, 2000                  (484)
     Mon Dak................................................May 22, 2000                  (161)
                                                                                        ------
TOTAL SITES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000...................................................  51,452
                                                                                        ======
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>   20
     COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999

     Since December 31, 1998, the gross investment in real estate decreased from
$1,237 million to $1,218 million as of December 31, 2000, due primarily to the
aforementioned acquisitions and dispositions of Properties during the period.
The total number of sites owned or controlled decreased from 53,391 as of
December 31, 1998 to 51,452 as of December 31, 2000.

     The following table summarizes certain financial and statistical data for
the Core Portfolio and the Total Portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2000
and 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     CORE PORTFOLIO                                   TOTAL PORTFOLIO
                                                             INCREASE/       %                                INCREASE/        %
(dollars in thousands)                 2000        1999      (DECREASE)    CHANGE        2000        1999     (DECREASE)     CHANGE
- ----------------------                 ----        ----      ----------    ------        ----        ----     ----------     ------
<S>                                  <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>
Base rental income...............    $186,148    $178,095       $8,053       4.5%      $189,481    $181,672       $7,809       4.3%
Utility and other income.........      17,986      17,436          550       3.2%        27,780      29,622      (1,842)      (6.2%)
Equity in income of affiliates...         ---         ---          ---        --          2,408       2,065          343      16.6%
Interest income..................         ---         ---          ---        --          1,009       1,669        (660)     (39.5%)
                                     --------    --------       ------     -----       --------    --------       ------    ------
     Total revenues..............     204,134     195,531        8,603       4.4%       220,678     215,028        5,650       2.6%

Property operating and
     maintenance.................      54,358      52,096        2,262       4.3%        59,199      58,038        1,161       2.0%
Real estate taxes................      16,186      15,811          375       2.4%        16,888      16,460          428       2.6%
Property management..............       8,194       7,725          469       6.1%         8,690       8,337          353       4.2%
General and administrative.......         ---         ---          ---        --          6,423       6,092          331       5.4%
                                     --------    --------       ------     -----       --------    --------       ------    ------
     Total operating expenses....      78,738      75,632        3,106       4.1%        91,200      88,927        2,273       2.6%

                                     --------    --------       ------     -----       --------    --------       ------    ------
Income from operations before
     interest, depreciation and
     amortization expenses.......     125,396     119,899        5,497       4.6%       129,478     126,101        3,377       2.7%

Interest and related amortization         ---         ---          ---        --         53,280      53,775         (495)     (0.9%)
Depreciation on corporate assets.         ---         ---          ---        --          1,139       1,005          134      13.3%
Property depreciation and other..      31,366      30,912          454       1.5%        34,411      34,486          (75)     (0.2%)
                                     --------    --------       ------     -----       --------    --------       ------    ------
     Income from operations(1)...      94,030      88,987        5,043       5.7%        40,648      36,835        3,813      10.4%
                                     ========    ========       ======     =====       ========    ========       ======    ======
Site and Occupancy Information(2):

Average total sites..............      45,894      45,810           84       0.2%        46,964      46,914           50       0.1%
Average occupied sites...........      43,410      43,138          272       0.6%        44,325      44,110          215       0.5%
Occupancy %......................       94.6%       94.2%         0.4%       0.4%         94.4%       94.0%         0.4%       0.4%
Monthly base rent per site.......     $357.35     $344.04       $13.31       3.9%       $356.24     $343.22       $13.02       3.8%

Total sites
     as of December 31,..........      45,902      45,808           94       0.2%        46,734      47,284        (550)      (1.2%)
Total occupied sites
     as of December 31,..........      43,595      43,289          306       0.7%        44,270      44,555        (285)      (0.6%)
</TABLE>

(1)  Income from operations for the Core Portfolio does not include an
     allocation of income from affiliates, interest income, corporate general
     and administrative expense, interest expense and related amortization or
     depreciation on corporate assets.

(2)  Site and occupancy information does not include the five Properties owned
     through joint ventures or the three RV properties.

                                       20
<PAGE>   21
Revenues

     The 4.5% increase in base rental income for the Core Portfolio reflects a
3.9% increase in monthly base rent per site coupled with a 0.6% increase in
average occupied sites. The 4.3% increase in base rental income for the Total
Portfolio reflects a 3.8% increase in monthly base rent per site coupled with a
0.5% increase in average occupied sites and also reflects acquisition and
disposition of Non-Core Properties. The increase in utility and other income for
the Core Portfolio is due primarily to increases in pass through items such as
utilities and real estate taxes - which resulted from higher expenses for these
items. The decrease in Total Portfolio utility and other income is due primarily
to the sale of Mesa Regal RV resort and other changes in the Non-Core
Properties. Also included in other income is a gain on the sale of the FFEC-Six
water and wastewater treatment company of $719,000, partially offset by an
impairment loss on the DeAnza Santa Cruz water and wastewater service company of
$701,000.

     The decrease in interest income is primarily due to the repayment of
certain notes receivable and fewer short-term investments. Short-term
investments had average balances for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999
of approximately $1.5 million and $2.8 million, respectively, which earned
interest income at an effective rate of 6.0% and 6.3% per annum, respectively.

Operating Expenses

     The increase in property operating and maintenance expense for the Core
Portfolio is due primarily to increases in utility expenses generally passed
through and included in utility income. Expenses for the Core Portfolio also
reflect increases in repairs and maintenance expense, payroll and property
general and administrative expenses partially offset by decreased insurance and
other expenses. Core Portfolio real estate taxes increased 2.4% generally due to
higher property assessments on certain Properties. The increase in Total
Portfolio property operating and maintenance expense and real estate taxes is
also impacted by acquisition and disposition of Non-Core Properties. Property
management expense for the Core Portfolio, which reflects costs of managing the
properties and is estimated based on a percentage of Property revenues,
increased 6.1%.

     General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to increased
payroll resulting from salary increases and increased public company related
expenses.

     Interest and related amortization decreased due to lower weighted average
outstanding debt balances during the period. The weighted average outstanding
debt balances for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 were $707.5 million
and $738.1 million, respectively. The effective interest rate was 7.4% and 7.2%
per annum for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

     Depreciation on corporate assets increased due to fixed asset additions
related to information and communication systems. Depreciation on real estate
assets and other costs decreased due primarily to the acquisition and
disposition of Non-Core Properties.

                                       21
<PAGE>   22
COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998

     Since December 31, 1997, the gross investment in real estate increased from
$936 million to $1,264 million as of December 31, 1999 due primarily to the
aforementioned acquisitions and dispositions of Properties during the period.
The total number of sites owned or controlled has increased from 44,108 as of
December 31, 1997 to 54,007 as of December 31, 1999.

     The following table summarizes certain financial and statistical data for
the Core Portfolio and the Total Portfolio for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    CORE PORTFOLIO                                   TOTAL PORTFOLIO
                                                    --------------                                   ---------------
                                                           INCREASE/        %                                  INCREASE/      %
(dollars in thousands)                1999        1998     (DECREASE)     CHANGE        1999        1998      (DECREASE)    CHANGE
- ----------------------                ----        ----     ----------     ------        ----        ----      ----------    ------
<S>                                  <C>         <C>       <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>
Base rental income...............    $131,064    $126,246       $4,818       3.8%      $181,672    $165,340      $16,332       9.9%
Utility and other income.........      14,885      14,420          465       3.2%        29,622      25,372        4,250      16.8%
Equity in income of affiliates...         ---         ---          ---       ---          2,065       1,070          995      93.0%
Interest income..................         ---         ---          ---       ---          1,669       3,048      (1,379)     (45.2%)
                                     --------    --------       ------      ----       --------    --------      -------      ----
     Total revenues..............     145,949     140,666        5,283       3.8%       215,028     194,830       20,198      10.4%

Property operating and
     maintenance.................      38,281      37,852          429       1.1%        58,038      53,064        4,974       9.4%
Real estate taxes................      11,201      10,533          668       6.3%        16,460      14,470        1,990      13.8%
Property management..............       5,764       5,252          512       9.7%         8,337       7,108        1,229      17.3%
General and administrative.......         ---         ---          ---       ---          6,092       5,411          681      12.6%
                                     --------    --------       ------      ----       --------    --------      -------      ----
     Total operating expenses....      55,246      53,637        1,609       3.0%        88,927      80,053        8,874      11.1%

                                     --------    --------       ------      ----       --------    --------      -------      ----
Income from operations before
     interest, depreciation and
     amortization expenses.......      90,703      87,029        3,674       4.2%       126,101     114,777       11,324       9.9%

Interest and related amortization         ---         ---          ---       ---         53,775      49,693        4,082       8.2%
Depreciation on corporate assets          ---         ---          ---       ---          1,005         995           10       1.0%
Property depreciation and other        20,667      19,917          750       3.8%        34,486      28,426        6,060      21.3%
                                     --------    --------       ------      ----       --------    --------      -------       ---
     Income from operations (1)..      70,036      67,112        2,924       4.4%        36,835      35,663        1,172       3.3%
                                     ========    ========       ======      ====       ========    ========      =======       ===

Site and Occupancy Information (2):

Average total sites............        32,393      32,358           35       0.1%        46,914      43,932        2,982       6.8%
Average occupied sites.........        30,708      30,652           56       0.2%        44,110      41,420        2,690       6.5%
Occupancy %....................         94.8%       94.7%         0.1%       0.1%         94.0%       94.3%       (0.3%)     (0.3%)
Monthly base rent per site.....       $356.06     $343.23       $12.83       3.7%       $343.22     $332.65       $10.57       3.2%

Total sites
     as of December 31,..........      32,395      32,384           11       0.0%        47,284      46,446          838       1.8%
Total occupied sites
     as of December 31,..........      30,789      30,673          116       0.4%        44,555      43,707          848       1.9%
</TABLE>

(1)  Income from operations for the Core Portfolio does not include an
     allocation of income from affiliates, interest income, corporate general
     and administrative expense, interest expense and related amortization or
     depreciation on corporate assets.

(2)  Site and occupancy information does not include the five Properties owned
     through joint ventures or the four RV properties.

                                       22
<PAGE>   23
Revenues

     The 3.8% increase in base rental income for the Core Portfolio reflects a
3.7% increase in monthly base rent per site coupled with a 0.2% increase in
average occupied sites. The 9.9% increase in base rental income for the Total
Portfolio reflects a 3.2% increase in monthly base rent per site coupled with a
6.5% increase in average occupied sites and also reflects acquisition and
disposition of Non-Core Properties. The increase in utility and other income for
the Core Portfolio is due primarily to increases in pass through items such as
utilities and real estate taxes - which resulted from higher expenses for these
items. The increase in Total Portfolio utility and other income is due primarily
to RV income related to the purchase of three RV resorts during 1998 and other
changes in the Non-Core Properties.

     The decrease in interest income is primarily due to the conversion of some
notes receivable to fee simple interests in The Meadows and certain Ellenburg
Communities. Short-term investments had average balances for the years ended
December 31, 1999 and 1998 of approximately $2.8 million and $6.9 million,
respectively, which earned interest income at an effective rate of 6.3% and 5.4%
per annum, respectively.

Operating Expenses

     The increase in property operating and maintenance expense for the Core
Portfolio reflects increases in repairs and maintenance expense, payroll expense
and increases in utility expenses passed through and included in utility income.
These increases are partially offset by decreased property general and
administrative, insurance and other expenses. Core Portfolio real estate taxes
increased 6.3% generally due to higher property assessments on certain
Properties. The increase in Total Portfolio property operating and maintenance
expense and real estate taxes is also impacted by the acquisition and
disposition of Non-Core Properties. Property management expense for the Core
Portfolio, which reflects costs of managing the properties and is estimated
based on a percentage of Property revenues, increased 9.7%. The increase was
primarily due to the addition of senior management personnel in the areas of
operations, human resources and accounting and the incremental expenses related
to management of Properties acquired in 1998 and 1999.

     General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to increased
payroll resulting from salary increases and increased public company related
expenses.

     Interest and related amortization increased due to higher weighted average
outstanding debt balances during the period. The weighted average outstanding
debt balances for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 were $738.1 million
and $696.0 million, respectively. The effective interest rate was 7.2% per annum
for both years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998.

     Depreciation on corporate assets increased due to fixed asset additions
related to information and communication systems. Depreciation on real estate
assets and other costs increased due to fixed asset additions of Properties
acquired in 1999 and 1998.

                                       23
<PAGE>   24
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

LIQUIDITY

     As of December 31, 2000, the Company had $2.8 million in cash and cash
equivalents and $90.1 million available on its line of credit. The Company
expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements, including its
distributions, generally through its working capital, net cash provided by
operating activities and availability under the existing line of credit. The
Company expects to meet certain long-term liquidity requirements such as
scheduled debt maturities, property acquisitions and capital improvements by
long-term collateralized and uncollateralized borrowings including borrowings
under its existing line of credit and the issuance of debt securities or
additional equity securities in the Company, in addition to working capital.

     In order to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the Company
must distribute 95% or more of its taxable income (excluding capital gains). The
following distributions have been declared and / or paid to common stockholders
and minority interests since January 1, 1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        DISTRIBUTION             FOR THE QUARTER         SHAREHOLDER RECORD
      AMOUNT PER SHARE               ENDING                    DATE                      PAYMENT DATE
      ----------------               ------                    ----                      ------------
<S>                            <C>                       <C>                          <C>
          $0.3625                  March 31, 1998            March 27, 1998              April 10, 1998
          $0.3625                   June 30, 1998             June 26, 1998               July 10, 1998
          $0.3625              September 30, 1998        September 25, 1998             October 9, 1998
          $0.3625               December 31, 1998         December 16, 1998           December 30, 1998
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          $0.3875                  March 31, 1999            March 26, 1999               April 9, 1999
          $0.3875                   June 30, 1999             June 25, 1999                July 9, 1999
          $0.3875              September 30, 1999        September 24, 1999             October 8, 1999
          $0.3875               December 31, 1999         December 31, 1999            January 14, 2000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          $0.4150                  March 31, 2000            March 31, 2000              April 14, 2000
          $0.4150                   June 30, 2000             June 30, 2000               July 14, 2000
          $0.4150              September 30, 2000        September 29, 2000            October 13, 2000
          $0.4150               December 31, 2000         December 29, 2000            January 12, 2001
</TABLE>


     The Operating Partnership paid distributions of 9.0% per annum on the $125
million of Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units ("Preferred
Units"). Distributions on the Preferred Units were paid quarterly on the last
calendar day of each quarter beginning December 31, 1999. The Company expects to
continue to make regular quarterly distributions and has set its 2001
distribution to common stockholders at $1.78 per share per annum.

MORTGAGES AND CREDIT FACILITIES

     On February 24, 2000, the Company entered into mortgage agreements
collateralizing two Properties for a total of $14.6 million. The mortgage notes
mature on March 1, 2010, amortize beginning March 1, 2000 over 30 years and bear
interest at a rate of approximately 8.3% per annum.

     On June 30, 2000, the Company obtained $110 million in debt financing
consisting of two mortgage notes - one for $94.3 million and one for $15.7
million - secured by seven Properties. The proceeds of the financing were used
to repay $60 million of mortgage debt secured by the seven Properties, to repay
amounts outstanding under the Company's line of credit and for working capital
purposes. The Company recorded a $1.0 million extraordinary loss (net of
$264,000 allocated to Minority Interests) in connection with the early repayment
of the $60 million of mortgage debt.

     On April 3, 2000, the Company extended to April 3, 2002 the maturity of its
$100 million unsecured term loan (the "Term Loan") with a group of banks with
interest only payable monthly at a rate of the London Interbank Offered Rate
("LIBOR") plus 1.0%.

     On August 9, 2000, the Company amended its unsecured line of credit with a
bank (the "Credit Agreement") bearing interest at LIBOR plus 1.125%. Among other
things, the amendment lowered the total facility under the Credit Agreement to
$150 million and extended the maturity to August 9, 2003. The Company pays a
quarterly fee on the average unused amount of such credit equal to 0.15% of such
amount.

                                       24
<PAGE>   25
     Certain of the Company's mortgage and credit agreements contain covenants
and restrictions including restrictions as to the ratio of secured or unsecured
debt versus encumbered or unencumbered assets, the ratio of fixed
charges-to-earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
("EBITDA"), limitations on certain holdings and other restrictions.

ACQUISITIONS, DISPOSITIONS AND INVESTMENTS

     On January 6, 1998, the Company funded a $12.3 million loan (the "Meadows
Loan") to Meadows Preservation, Inc. The Meadows Loan was collateralized by The
Meadows manufactured home community located in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. On
April 1, 1999, the Company effectively exchanged the Meadows Loan for an equity
and debt interest in the partnership that owns The Meadows. The Company
consolidates The Meadows and the related results of operations.

     On July 23, 1999, the Company acquired Coquina Crossing, located in St.
Augustine, Florida, for a purchase price of approximately $10.4 million. The
acquisition was funded with a borrowing under the Company's line of credit.
Coquina Crossing is a 748-site senior community with 269 developed sites and
zoned expansion potential for 479 sites. In addition, Realty Systems, Inc.
("RSI"), an affiliate of the Company, purchased the model home inventory at the
community for approximately $1.1 million.

     On February 29, 2000, MHC Systems, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of the
Company, disposed of the water and wastewater service company and facilities
known as FFEC-Six in a cash sale. Net proceeds from the sale of approximately
$4.2 million were used to pay down the Company's line of credit and a gain on
the sale of $719,000 (or $.02 per fully diluted share) was recorded in other
income on the accompanying statement of operations.

     In April 2000, the California Superior Court approved a settlement
agreement (the "Settlement") in connection with the dissolution proceeding of
ECC and its affiliated partnerships. As part of the Settlement, the Company
received $13.5 million previously held in escrow in connection with the purchase
of the Ellenburg Communities and recorded $3.0 million of interest income
related to these funds. In connection with the Settlement, the Company sold
three communities - Mesa Regal RV Resort, Mon Dak and Naples Estates - for an
aggregate sales price of $59.0 million, including cash proceeds of $40.0 million
and assumption of debt by the purchaser of $19.0 million. The Company recorded a
$9.1 million gain on the sale of these Properties. Proceeds from the Settlement
and property sales were used to pay down the Company's line of credit.

     On December 28, 2000, the Company, through its joint venture with Meadows
Management Company, acquired a 50% economic interest in Voyager RV Resort, a
1,576 site RV resort in Tucson, Arizona, for total consideration of $8.0
million. The Company's investment included cash of $3.0 million, its 50%
interest in land held through the joint venture valued at $2.0 million and notes
receivable from the principals of Meadows Management Company totaling $3.0
million.

CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS

     Capital expenditures for improvements are identified by the Company as
recurring capital expenditures ("Recurring CapEx"), site development costs and
corporate headquarters costs. Recurring CapEx was approximately $7.9 million and
$8.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Of
these expenditures, the Company believes that approximately $6.5 million or $130
per site for 2000 and $6.3 million or $122 per site for 1999 are non-revenue
producing improvements which are necessary in order to increase and/or maintain
occupancy levels and maintain competitive market rents for new and renewing
residents. Site development costs were approximately $7.9 million and $4.9
million for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and
represent costs to develop expansion sites at certain of the Company's
Properties.

EQUITY TRANSACTIONS

     On March 26, 1999, the Operating Partnership repurchased and cancelled
200,000 OP Units from a limited partner of the Operating Partnership.

     On September 30, 1999, the Operating Partnership completed a $125 million
private placement of 9.0% Series D Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units ("POP
Units") to two institutional investors. The POP Units, which are callable by the
Company after five years, have no stated maturity or mandatory redemption. Net
proceeds from the offering of $121 million were used to repay amounts
outstanding under the Company's line of credit facility and for other corporate
purposes.

                                       25
<PAGE>   26
     In March 1997, the Company's Board of Directors approved a common stock
repurchase plan whereby the Company was authorized to repurchase and retire
shares of its common stock. Under the plan, the Company repurchased
approximately 2.2 million shares of Common Stock at an average price of $24.06
per share during the year ended December 31, 2000 and 4.1 million shares of
Common Stock at an average price of $23.40 per share during the year ended
December 31, 1999, using proceeds from borrowings on the line of credit.

INFLATION

     Substantially all of the leases at the Properties allow for monthly or
annual rent increases which provide the Company with the opportunity to achieve
increases, where justified by the market, as each lease matures. Such types of
leases generally minimize the risk of inflation to the Company.

FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS

     FFO was redefined by NAREIT in October 1999, effective January 1, 2000, as
net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), before allocation to minority
interests, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus real estate
depreciation and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint
ventures. The Company computes FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition,
which may differ from the methodology for calculating FFO utilized by other
equity REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REIT's
computations. Funds available for distribution ("FAD") is defined as FFO less
non-revenue producing capital expenditures and amortization payments on mortgage
loan principal. The Company believes that FFO and FAD are useful to investors as
a measure of the performance of an equity REIT because, along with cash flows
from operating activities, financing activities and investing activities, they
provide investors an understanding of the ability of the Company to incur and
service debt and to make capital expenditures. FFO and FAD in and of themselves
do not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with
GAAP and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net income as an
indication of the Company's performance or to net cash flows from operating
activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of liquidity and are not
necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs.

     The following table presents a calculation of FFO and FAD for the years
ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 (amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2000           1999           1998
                                                              ----           ----           ----
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>            <C>
 COMPUTATION OF FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS:
   Income before extraordinary loss on early
      extinguishment of debt ............................   $ 32,986       $ 27,772       $ 28,930
   Income allocated to Common OP Units ..................      8,463          6,219          6,733
   Depreciation on real estate assets and other costs ...     34,411         34,486         28,426
   Gain on sale of Properties and other .................    (12,053)            --             --
                                                            --------       --------       --------
      Funds from operations .............................   $ 63,807       $ 68,477       $ 64,089
                                                            ========       ========       ========

   Weighted average Common Stock outstanding - diluted ..     27,408         31,252         31,962
                                                            ========       ========       ========

COMPUTATION OF FUNDS AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION:

   Funds from operations ................................   $ 63,807       $ 68,477       $ 64,089
   Non-revenue producing improvements to real estate ....     (7,855)        (8,656)        (8,005)
                                                            --------       --------       --------
      Funds available for distribution ..................   $ 55,952       $ 59,821       $ 56,084
                                                            ========       ========       ========

   Weighted average Common Stock outstanding - diluted ..     27,408         31,252         31,962
                                                            ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

                                       26
<PAGE>   27
ITEM 7a.       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE OF MARKET RISK

     The Company's earnings are affected by changes in interest rates, as a
portion of the Company's outstanding indebtedness is at variable rates based on
LIBOR. The Company's $150 million line of credit ($59.9 million outstanding at
December 31, 2000) bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.125% and the Company's $100
million Term Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.0%. If LIBOR
increased/decreased by 1.0% during 2000, interest expense would have
increased/decreased by approximately $1.7 million based on the combined average
balance outstanding under the Company's line of credit and Term Loan for the
year ended December 31, 2000.

     In July 1995, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (the
"1998 Swap") fixing LIBOR on $100 million of the Company's floating rate debt at
6.4% for the period 1998 through 2003. The cost of the 1998 Swap consisted only
of legal costs that were deemed immaterial. The value of the 1998 Swap was
impacted by changes in the market rate of interest. Had the 1998 Swap been
entered into on December 31, 1999, the applicable LIBOR swap rate would have
been approximately 6.57%. Each 0.01% increase or decrease in the applicable swap
rate for the 1998 Swap increases or decreases the value of the 1998 Swap versus
its current value by approximately $28,000. The Company accounted for the 1998
Swap as a hedge. Payments and receipts under the 1998 Swap were accounted for as
an adjustment to interest expense. On January 10, 2000, the Company unwound the
1998 Swap and received $1.0 million of proceeds which is amortized into interest
expense through March 2003.

     In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement No. 133 ("SFAS No. 133"), "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities". SFAS No. 133 permits early adoption as of the beginning of
any fiscal quarter after its issuance. In June 1999, the FASB issued Statement
No. 137 which deferred the effective date of SFAS No. 133 to all fiscal quarters
for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. The Company will adopt SFAS No.
133 on January 1, 2001. SFAS No. 133 will require the Company to recognize all
derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Derivatives that are not hedges
must be adjusted to fair value through income. If the derivative is a hedge,
depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of derivatives
will either be offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets,
liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other
comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The
Company has determined that the effect of SFAS No. 133 on the earnings and
financial position of the Company will not be significant when implemented.

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

           See Index to Combined Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Form
           10-K.

ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
           FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

           None.

                                    PART III

ITEMS 10, 11, 12, 13.

           DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT, EXECUTIVE
           COMPENSATION, SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
           MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

           The information required by Item 10, Item 11, Item 12, and Item 13
           will be contained in a definitive proxy statement which the
           Registrant anticipates will be filed no later than April 28, 2001,
           and thus this Part has been omitted in accordance with General
           Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K.

                                       27
<PAGE>   28
                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

        (a)
           (1&2) See Index to Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 of
           this Form 10-K.

            (3)            Exhibits:

               2(a)        Admission Agreement between Equity Financial and
                           Management Co., Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.
                           and MHC Operating Partnership

               3.1(a)      Articles of Incorporation of Manufactured Home
                           Communities, Inc.

               3.2(a)      Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Manufactured
                           Home Communities, Inc.

               3.3(g)      Amended Bylaws of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.

               4           Not applicable

               9           Not applicable

               10.1(a)     Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership
                           of MHC Operating Limited Partnership

               10.2(a)     Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC Financing
                           Limited Partnership

               10.3(a)     Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC Management
                           Limited Partnership

               10.4(a)     Property Management and Leasing Agreement between MHC
                           Financing Limited Partnership and MHC Management
                           Limited Partnership

               10.5(a)     Property Management and Leasing Agreement between MHC
                           Operating Limited Partnership and MHC Management
                           Limited Partnership

               10.6(a)     Services Agreement between Realty Systems, Inc. and
                           MHC Management Limited Partnership

               10.7(a)     Rate Protection Agreement

               10.8(a)     Revolving Credit Note made by Realty Systems, Inc. to
                           Equity Financial and Management Co.

               10.9(a)     Assignment to MHC Operating Limited Partnership of
                           Revolving Credit Note made by Realty Systems, Inc. to
                           Equity Financial and Management Co.

               10.10(a)    Stock Option Plan

               10.11A(a)   Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Security
                           Agreement, Financing Statement, Fixture Filing and
                           Assignment of Rents

               10.11B(a)   Promissory Note

               10.11C(a)   Assignment of Loan Documents

               10.11D(a)   Assignment of Leases, Rents and Security Deposits

               10.11E(a)   Swap Agreement Pledge and Security Agreement

               10.11F(a)   Cash Collateral Account Security, Pledge and
                           Assignment Agreement

               10.11G(a)   Assignment of Property Management and Leasing
                           Agreement

               10.11H(a)   Trust Agreement

               10.12(a)    Form of Noncompetition Agreement

               10.13(a)    Form of Noncompetition Agreement

               10.13A(a)   Form of Noncompetition Agreement

               10.14(a)    General Electric Credit Corporation Commitment Letter

               10.15(a)    Administrative Services Agreement between Realty
                           Systems, Inc. and Equity Group Investments, Inc.

               10.16(a)    Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement with the
                           Company (the Original Owners, EF&M, Directors,
                           Officers and Employees)

               10.17(a)    Administrative Services Agreement between the Company
                           and Equity Group Investments, Inc.

               10.18(a)    Form of Subscription Agreement between the Company
                           and certain officers and other individuals dated
                           March 3, 1993

               10.19(a)    Form of Secured Promissory Note payable to the
                           Company by certain officers dated March 3, 1993

               10.20(a)    Form of Pledge Agreement between the Company and
                           certain officers dated March 3, 1993

               10.21(a)    Loan and Security Agreement between Realty Systems,
                           Inc. and MHC Operating Limited Partnership

               10.22(a)    Equity and Registration Rights Agreement with the
                           Company (the GM Trusts)

               10.23(b)    Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC Lending
                           Limited Partnership

               10.23(c)    Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC-Bay Indies
                           Financing Limited Partnership

               10.24(c)    Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC-De Anza
                           Financing Limited Partnership

               10.25(c)    Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC-DAG
                           Management Limited Partnership

               10.26(d)    Amendment No. 2 to MHC Operating Limited Partnership
                           Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement dated
                           February 15, 1996

               10.27(d)    Form of Subscription Agreement between the Company
                           and certain members of management of the Company
                           dated January 2, 1996

                                       28
<PAGE>   29
ITEM 14.       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
               (CONTINUED)

               10.28(d)    Form of Secured Promissory Note payable to the
                           Company by certain members of management of the
                           Company dated January 2, 1996

               10.29(d)    Form of Pledge Agreement between the Company and
                           certain members of management of the Company dated
                           January 2, 1996

               10.30(e)    Second Amended and Restated MHC Operating Limited
                           Partnership Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated
                           as of March 15, 1996

               10.31(f)    Agreement of Limited Partnership of MHC Financing
                           Limited Partnership Two

               10.32(g)    $265,000,000 Mortgage Note dated December 12,1997

               10.33(g)    Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
                           (Revolving Facility) between the Company, MHC
                           Operating Limited Partnership, and certain lenders
                           and agents, dated April 28, 1998

               10.34(g)    First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit
                           Agreement (Revolving Facility) between the Company,
                           MHC Operating Limited Partnership, and certain
                           lenders and agents, dated December 18, 1998

               10.35(h)    Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated
                           Credit Agreement (Revolving Facility) between the
                           Company, MHC Operating Limited Partnership, and
                           certain lenders and agents, dated August 9, 2000

               10.36(g)    Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Term Loan)
                           between the Company, MHC Operating Limited
                           Partnership, and certain lenders and agent, dated
                           April 28, 1998

               10.36(h)    First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit
                           Agreement (Term Loan) between the Company, MHC
                           Operating Limited Partnership, and certain lenders
                           and agent, dated November 21, 2000

               10.36(g)    Letter Agreement between the Company and Bank of
                           America National Trust and Savings Association
                           confirming the $100 million swap transaction, dated
                           July 11, 1995

               10.39(h)    $110,000,000 Amended, Restated and Consolidated
                           Promissory Note dated June 28, 2000

               10.40(h)    $15,750,000 Promissory Note Secured by Leasehold Deed
                           of Trust dated July 13, 2000

               11          Not applicable

               12(h)       Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges

               13          Not applicable

               16          Not applicable

               18          Not applicable

               21(h)       Subsidiaries of the registrant

               22          Not applicable

               23(h)       Consent of Independent Auditors

               24.1(h)     Power of Attorney for John F. Podjasek, Jr. dated
                           March 7, 2001

               24.2(h)     Power of Attorney for Michael A. Torres dated March
                           23, 2001

               24.3(h)     Power of Attorney for Thomas E. Dobrowski dated March
                           6, 2001

               24.4(h)     Power of Attorney for Gary Waterman dated March 14,
                           2001

               24.5(h)     Power of Attorney for Donald S. Chisholm dated March
                           2, 2001

               24.6(h)     Power of Attorney for Louis H. Masotti dated March 5,
                           2001

               27          Not applicable

               28          Not applicable


              (a)   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Form S-11
                    Registration Statement, File No. 33-55994, and incorporated
                    herein by reference.

              (b)   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-K
                    dated December 31, 1993, and incorporated herein by
                    reference.

              (c)   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-K
                    dated December 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by
                    reference.

              (d)   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-Q
                    for the quarter ended March 31, 1996, and incorporated
                    herein by reference.

              (e)   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-Q
                    for the quarter ended June 30, 1996, and incorporated herein
                    by reference.

              (f)   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Report on Form 10-K
                    dated December 31, 1997, and incorporated herein by
                    reference.

              (g)   Included as an exhibit to the Company's Form S-3
                    Registration Statement, File No. 333-90813, and incorporated
                    herein by reference.

              (h)   Filed herewith.

                                       29
<PAGE>   30
ITEM 14.       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
               (CONTINUED)


        (b)    Reports on Form 8-K:

                  None.

        (c)    Exhibits:

               See Item 14 (a)(3) above.

        (d)    Financial Statement Schedules:

               See Index to Financial Statements attached hereto on page F-1 of
               this Form 10-K.

                                       30
<PAGE>   31
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                           MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.,
                                           a Maryland corporation

Date:  March 23, 2001                      By: /s/ Howard Walker
       --------------------                    --------------------------------
                                               Howard Walker
                                               Chief Executive Officer

Date:  March 23, 2001                      By: /s/ John Zoeller
      ---------------------                    --------------------------------
                                               John Zoeller
                                               Vice President, Treasurer
                                                 and Chief Financial Officer

Date:  March 23, 2001                      By: /s/ Mark Howell
      ---------------------                    --------------------------------
                                               Mark Howell
                                               Principal Accounting Officer

                                       31
<PAGE>   32
MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC. - SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the Registrant and in capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Name                                           Title                                   Date
                 ----                                           -----                                   ----
<S>                                               <C>                                          <C>
/s/ Howard Walker                                      Chief Executive Officer
- ----------------------------------------
             Howard Walker                                *Attorney-in-Fact                        March 23, 2001


                                                      Vice President, Treasurer
/s/ John Zoeller                                     and Chief Financial Officer
- ----------------------------------------
             John Zoeller                                 *Attorney-in-Fact                        March 23, 2001


/s/ Samuel Zell                                         Chairman of the Board
- ----------------------------------------
              Samuel Zell                                                                          March 23, 2001


/s/ Sheli Z. Rosenberg                                         Director
- ----------------------------------------
          Sheli Z. Rosenberg                                                                       March 23, 2001


/s/ David A. Helfand                                           Director
- ----------------------------------------
           David A. Helfand                                                                        March 23, 2001


*Donald S. Chisholm                                            Director
- ----------------------------------------
          Donald S. Chisholm                                                                       March 23, 2001


*Thomas E. Dobrowski                                           Director
- ----------------------------------------
          Thomas E. Dobrowski                                                                      March 23, 2001


*Louis H. Masotti                                              Director
- ----------------------------------------
           Louis H. Masotti                                                                        March 23, 2001


*John F. Podjasek, Jr.                                         Director
- ----------------------------------------
         John F. Podjasek, Jr.                                                                     March 23, 2001


*Michael A. Torres                                             Director
- ----------------------------------------
           Michael A. Torres                                                                       March 23, 2001


*Gary L. Waterman                                              Director
- ----------------------------------------
           Gary L. Waterman                                                                        March 23, 2001
</TABLE>

                                       32
<PAGE>   33
                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  PAGE
                                                                                                  ----
<S>                                                                                               <C>
   Report of Independent Auditors .............................................................    F-2

   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 ...............................    F-3

   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 .    F-4

   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
       December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 .......................................................    F-5

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 .    F-6


   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .................................................    F-7


   Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts ............................................    S-1

   Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation ....................................    S-2
</TABLE>

       Certain schedules have been omitted as they are not applicable to the
Company

                                      F-1
<PAGE>   34
                         Report of Independent Auditors

To the Board of Directors of
Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.


     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2000. We have also audited the related financial statement schedules listed in
the accompanying index. These financial statements and schedules are the
responsibility of the management of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
schedules based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Manufactured
Home Communities, Inc. at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the consolidated
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Also, in our opinion, the related
financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all
material respects the information set forth therein.

                                              ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Chicago, Illinois
January 25, 2001, except for Note 18
as to which the date is February 13, 2001

                                      F-2
<PAGE>   35
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                        AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999
                    (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE DATA)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           2000              1999
                                                                           ----              ----
<S>                                                                     <C>               <C>
ASSETS
Investment in real estate:
   Land ...........................................................     $   271,822       $   285,337
   Land improvements ..............................................         839,725           876,923
   Buildings and other depreciable property .......................         106,629           102,083
                                                                        -----------       -----------
                                                                          1,218,176         1,264,343
   Accumulated depreciation .......................................        (181,580)         (150,757)
                                                                        -----------       -----------
     Net investment in real estate ................................       1,036,596         1,113,586
Cash and cash equivalents .........................................           2,847             6,676
Notes receivable ..................................................           4,984             4,284
Investment in and advances to affiliates ..........................          21,215            11,689
Investment in joint ventures ......................................          13,267             9,501
Rents receivable ..................................................           1,440             1,338
Deferred financing costs, net .....................................           6,344             5,042
Prepaid expenses and other assets .................................          17,611             8,222
                                                                        -----------       -----------
   Total assets ...................................................     $ 1,104,304       $ 1,160,338
                                                                        ===========       ===========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:

   Mortgage notes payable .........................................     $   556,578       $   513,172
   Unsecured term loan ............................................         100,000           100,000
   Unsecured line of credit .......................................          59,900           107,900
   Other notes payable ............................................           3,206             4,192
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses ..........................          23,822            20,780
   Accrued interest payable .......................................           5,116             5,612
   Rents received in advance and security deposits ................           5,184             6,831
   Distributions payable ..........................................          11,100            11,020
   Due to affiliates ..............................................              32                33
                                                                        -----------       -----------
     Total liabilities ............................................         764,938           769,540
                                                                        -----------       -----------
Commitments and contingencies

Minority Interest - Common OP Units and other .....................          46,271            54,397
Minority Interest - Perpetual Preferred OP Units ..................         125,000           125,000

Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $.01 par value
     10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued ....................              --                --
   Common Stock, $.01 par value
     50,000,000 shares authorized; 21,064,785 and 22,813,357
     shares issued and outstanding for 2000 and 1999, respectively              210               229
   Paid-in capital ................................................         235,681           275,664
   Deferred compensation ..........................................          (5,969)           (6,326)
   Employee notes .................................................          (4,205)           (4,540)
   Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings ................         (57,622)          (53,626)
                                                                        -----------       -----------
     Total stockholders' equity ...................................         168,095           211,401
                                                                        -----------       -----------

   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity .....................     $ 1,104,304       $ 1,160,338
                                                                        ===========       ===========
</TABLE>

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                       F-3
<PAGE>   36
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998
                  (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            2000            1999            1998
                                                                            ----            ----            ----
<S>                                                                      <C>             <C>             <C>
REVENUES

    Base rental income ............................................      $ 189,481       $ 181,672       $ 165,340
    RV base rental income .........................................          7,414           9,526           7,153
    Utility and other income ......................................         20,366          20,096          18,219
    Equity in income of affiliates ................................          2,408           2,065           1,070
    Interest income ...............................................          1,009           1,669           3,048
                                                                         ---------       ---------       ---------
       Total revenues .............................................        220,678         215,028         194,830
                                                                         ---------       ---------       ---------

EXPENSES

    Property operating and maintenance ............................         59,199          58,038          53,064
    Real estate taxes .............................................         16,888          16,460          14,470
    Property management ...........................................          8,690           8,337           7,108
    General and administrative ....................................          5,955           5,550           4,668
    General and administrative - affiliates .......................            468             542             743
    Interest and related amortization .............................         53,280          53,775          49,693
    Depreciation on corporate assets ..............................          1,139           1,005             995
    Depreciation on real estate assets and other costs ............         34,411          34,486          28,426
                                                                         ---------       ---------       ---------
       Total expenses .............................................        180,030         178,193         159,167
                                                                         ---------       ---------       ---------

    Income from operations ........................................         40,648          36,835          35,663
    Gain on sale of Properties and other ..........................         12,053              --              --
                                                                         ---------       ---------       ---------
       Income before allocation to Minority Interests
            and extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt          52,701          36,835          35,663

    (Income) allocated to Common OP Units .........................         (8,463)         (6,219)         (6,733)
    (Income) allocated to Perpetual Preferred OP Units ............        (11,252)         (2,844)             --
                                                                         ---------       ---------       ---------
    Income before extraordinary loss on early
       extinguishment of debt .....................................         32,986          27,772          28,930
    Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment
        of debt (net of $264 allocated to Minority Interests) .....          1,041              --              --
                                                                         ---------       ---------       ---------
       NET INCOME .................................................      $  31,945       $  27,772       $  28,930
                                                                         =========       =========       =========

    Net income per Common Share before extraordinary item - basic .      $    1.54       $    1.10       $    1.13
                                                                         =========       =========       =========
    Net income per Common Share before extraordinary item - diluted      $    1.51       $    1.09       $    1.12
                                                                         =========       =========       =========

    Net income per Common Share - basic ...........................      $    1.49       $    1.10       $    1.13
                                                                         =========       =========       =========
    Net income per Common Share - diluted .........................      $    1.46       $    1.09       $    1.12
                                                                         =========       =========       =========

    Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - basic ............         21,469          25,224          25,626
                                                                         =========       =========       =========
    Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - diluted (Note 3) .         27,408          31,252          31,962
                                                                         =========       =========       =========

    Distributions declared per Common Share outstanding ...........      $    1.66       $    1.55       $    1.45
                                                                         =========       =========       =========
    Tax status of distributions paid during the year:
       Ordinary income ............................................      $    1.32       $    1.16       $    1.14
                                                                         =========       =========       =========
       Capital gain ...............................................      $      --       $      --       $      --
                                                                         =========       =========       =========
       Return of capital ..........................................      $    0.31       $      --       $    0.31
                                                                         =========       =========       =========
</TABLE>

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                       F-4
<PAGE>   37
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2000            1999            1998
                                                                          ----            ----            ----
<S>                                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
PREFERRED STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE ...................................    $      --       $      --       $      --
                                                                       =========       =========       =========

COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE
Balance, beginning of year ........................................    $     229       $     262       $     248
    Issuance of Common Stock through restricted stock grants ......            1               1               2
    Exercise of options ...........................................            1               1               1
    (Repurchase) issuance of Common Stock .........................          (21)            (35)             11
                                                                       ---------       ---------       ---------
Balance, end of year ..............................................    $     210       $     229       $     262
                                                                       =========       =========       =========
PAID - IN CAPITAL
Balance, beginning of year ........................................    $ 275,664       $ 364,603       $ 321,915
    Issuance of Common Stock for employee notes ...................           --              --             129
    Conversion of OP Units to Common Stock ........................          494           1,525           1,100
    Issuance of Common Stock through exercise of options ..........        2,719           2,034           2,372
    Issuance of Common Stock through restricted stock grants ......        3,310           1,507           6,118
    Issuance of Common Stock through employee stock purchase plan .        1,435           1,195             940
    (Repurchase) issuance of Common Stock .........................      (53,112)        (98,160)         24,613
    Adjustment for Common OP Unitholders
      in the Operating Partnership ................................        5,171           2,960           7,416
                                                                       ---------       ---------       ---------
Balance, end of year ..............................................    $ 235,681       $ 275,664       $ 364,603
                                                                       =========       =========       =========
DEFERRED COMPENSATION
Balance, beginning of year ........................................    $  (6,326)      $  (7,442)      $  (2,885)
    Issuance of Common Stock through restricted stock grants ......       (3,311)           (536)         (5,692)
    Recognition of deferred compensation expense ..................        3,668           1,652           1,135
                                                                       ---------       ---------       ---------
Balance, end of year ..............................................    $  (5,969)      $  (6,326)      $  (7,442)
                                                                       =========       =========       =========
EMPLOYEE NOTES
Balance, beginning of year ........................................    $  (4,540)      $  (4,654)      $  (4,967)
    Notes received for issuance of Common Stock ...................           --              --            (129)
    Principal payments ............................................          335             114             442
                                                                       ---------       ---------       ---------
Balance, end of year ..............................................    $  (4,205)      $  (4,540)      $  (4,654)
                                                                       =========       =========       =========
DISTRIBUTIONS IN EXCESS OF ACCUMULATED EARNINGS
Balance, beginning of year ........................................    $ (53,626)      $ (42,328)      $ (33,736)
    Net income ....................................................       31,945          27,772          28,930
    Distributions .................................................      (35,941)        (39,070)        (37,522)
                                                                       ---------       ---------       ---------
Balance, end of year ..............................................    $ (57,622)      $ (53,626)      $ (42,328)
                                                                       =========       =========       =========
</TABLE>

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                       F-5
<PAGE>   38
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  2000            1999            1998
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
<S>                                                                             <C>             <C>             <C>
    Net income ............................................................     $  31,945       $  27,772       $  28,930
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to
       cash provided by operating activities:
         Income allocated to minority interests ...........................        19,451           9,063           6,733
         Gain on sale of Properties and other .............................       (12,053)             --              --
         Depreciation and amortization expense ............................        36,511          33,871          29,680
         Equity in income of affiliates and joint ventures ................        (2,928)         (2,065)         (1,070)
         Amortization of deferred compensation and other ..................         3,668           2,623           1,563
         (Decrease) increase in rents receivable ..........................          (102)           (667)            116
         (Increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets ..................        (9,389)           (844)         (3,359)
         Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses ................         2,545           2,491           5,188
         (Decrease) increase in rents received in advance
              and security deposits........................................        (1,647)            336           4,196
                                                                                ---------       ---------       ---------
    Net cash provided by operating activities .............................        68,001          72,580          71,977
                                                                                ---------       ---------       ---------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

    Collection of escrow proceeds on acquisition ..........................            --              --          14,295
    (Contributions to) distributions from Affiliates ......................        (7,250)         (1,959)            399
    Collections (funding) of notes receivable .............................          (700)         11,426         (14,563)
    Investment in joint ventures ..........................................        (3,758)         (2,279)         (7,584)
    Proceeds from dispositions of assets ..................................        46,490              --              --
    Return of escrow (funding) for acquisition of rental properties - net .         4,581         (30,640)       (241,076)
    Improvements:
       Improvements - corporate ...........................................          (498)           (878)         (1,487)
       Improvements - rental properties ...................................        (7,855)         (8,656)         (8,005)
       Site development costs .............................................        (7,908)         (4,882)         (4,741)
                                                                                ---------       ---------       ---------
    Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ...................        23,102         (37,868)       (262,762)
                                                                                ---------       ---------       ---------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

    Net proceeds from stock options and employee stock purchase plan ......         4,142           3,229           3,313
    Net proceeds from issuance of Perpetual Preferred OP Units ............            --         121,890              --
    Distributions to Common Stockholders, Common OP Unitholders
       and Perpetual Preferred OP Unitholders .............................       (56,298)        (40,445)        (46,491)
    (Repurchase) issuance of Common Stock and OP Units ....................       (54,595)        (99,847)         24,623
    Collection of principal payments on employee notes ....................           335             114             442
    Line of credit:
       Proceeds ...........................................................       103,900         113,400         159,000
       Repayments .........................................................      (151,900)       (150,500)        (39,000)
    Refinancing - net proceeds ............................................        65,998          16,248         107,847
    Principal payments ....................................................        (4,249)         (4,733)         (4,298)
    Debt issuance costs ...................................................        (2,265)         (1,049)         (1,903)
                                                                                ---------       ---------       ---------
    Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ...................       (94,932)        (41,693)        203,533
                                                                                ---------       ---------       ---------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ......................        (3,829)         (6,981)         12,748
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year ..............................         6,676          13,657             909
                                                                                ---------       ---------       ---------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year ....................................     $   2,847       $   6,676       $  13,657
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

Cash paid during the year for interest ....................................     $  52,947       $  52,323       $  45,674
                                                                                =========       =========       =========
</TABLE>

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements

                                       F-6
<PAGE>   39
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. (together with its consolidated
subsidiaries, the "Company"), formed in March 1993, is a Maryland corporation
which has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT"). The
Company owns or has a controlling interest in 154 manufactured home communities
(the "Properties") located in 26 states, consisting of 51,452 sites. The Company
generally will not be subject to Federal income tax to the extent it distributes
its REIT taxable income to its stockholders.

     The operations of the Company are conducted through certain entities that
are owned or controlled by the Company. MHC Operating Limited Partnership (the
"Operating Partnership") is the entity through which the Company conducts
substantially all of its operations. The Company contributed the proceeds from
its initial public offering to the Operating Partnership for a general
partnership interest. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership (the
"Common OP Unitholders") receive an allocation of net income which is based on
their respective ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership which is
shown on the Consolidated Financial Statements as Minority Interest - Common OP
Units. As of December 31, 2000, the Minority Interests - Common OP Units
represented 5,514,330 units of limited partnership interest ("OP Units") which
are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of the Company's stock. The
issuance of additional shares of common stock or common OP Units changes the
respective ownership of the Operating Partnership for both the Minority
Interests and the Company.

     Sub-partnerships of the Operating Partnership were created to (i)
facilitate mortgage financing (the "Financing Partnerships"); (ii) facilitate
the Company's ability to provide financing to owners of communities ("Lending
Partnership"); (iii) own the management operations of the Company ("Management
Partnerships"); and (iv) own the assets and operations of certain utility
companies which service the Company's properties ("MHC Systems").

     The accompanying financial statements represent the consolidated financial
information of the Company and its subsidiaries. Due to the Company's ability as
general partner to control either through ownership or by contract the Operating
Partnership, the Financing Partnerships, the Lending Partnership, the Management
Partnerships and MHC Systems, each such subsidiary has been consolidated with
the Company for financial reporting purposes.

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, "Disclosures about
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information" ("SFAS No. 131") requires
certain disclosures of selected information about operating segments in the
annual financial statements and related disclosures about products and services,
geographic areas, and major customers. The adoption of SFAS No. 131 did not
affect the results of operations or financial position of the Company. The
Company has one reportable segment which is the operation of manufactured home
communities. The Company has concentrations of Properties within the following
states: Florida (45 Properties), California (25 Properties), Arizona (17
Properties), Michigan (11 Properties) and Colorado (10 Properties). These
concentrations of Properties accounted for 35%, 17%, 9%, 4%, and 9%,
respectively, of the Company's total revenues for the year ended December 31,
2000. The Company also has Properties located in the following areas of the
United States: Northeast, Northwest, Midwest, and Nevada/Utah/New Mexico. The
Company's largest Property, Bay Indies, located in Venice, Florida, accounted
for 3% of the Company's total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000. The
distribution of the Properties throughout the United States reflects the
Company's belief that geographic diversification helps insulate the portfolio
from regional economic influences. The Company intends to target new
acquisitions in or near markets where the Properties are located and will also
consider acquisitions of properties outside such markets.

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     (a)Use of Estimates

        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
     principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to
     make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
     and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
     date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
     expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
     those estimates.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>   40
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     (b)Real Estate

        Real estate is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. The
     Company evaluates rental properties for impairment when conditions exist
     which may indicate that it is probable that the sum of expected future cash
     flows (undiscounted) from a property is less than its carrying value. Upon
     determination that a permanent impairment has occurred, rental properties
     are reduced to fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2000, MHC
     Acquisition One L.L.C., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, recorded
     an impairment loss on the DeAnza Santa Cruz water and wastewater service
     company business (see Notes 5 and 17). For the year ended December 31,
     1999, permanent impairment conditions did not exist at any of the Company's
     Properties.

         Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated
     useful lives of the assets. The Company uses a 30-year estimated life for
     buildings acquired and structural and land improvements, a
     ten-to-fifteen-year estimated life for building upgrades and a
     three-to-seven-year estimated life for furniture, fixtures and equipment.
     Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed to
     operations as incurred and significant renovations and improvements that
     improve the asset and extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized
     over their estimated useful life. Initial direct leasing costs are expensed
     as incurred. Total depreciation expense was $35.6 million, $35.5 million
     and $29.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
     respectively.

     (c)Cash and Cash Equivalents

         The Company considers all demand and money market accounts and
     certificates of deposit with a maturity when purchased of three months or
     less to be cash equivalents.

     (d)Notes Receivable

         Notes receivable generally are stated at their outstanding unpaid
     principal balances net of any deferred fees or costs on originated loans,
     or unamortized discounts or premiums. Interest income is accrued on the
     unpaid principal balance. Discounts or premiums are amortized to income
     using the interest method.

     (e)Fair Value of Financial Instruments

         Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures About
     Fair Value of Financial Instruments" requires disclosures about the fair
     value of financial instruments whether or not such instruments are
     recognized in the balance sheet. The Company's financial instruments
     include short-term investments, notes receivable, accounts receivable,
     accounts payable, other accrued expenses, mortgage notes payable and
     interest rate hedge arrangements. The fair values of all financial
     instruments, including notes receivable, were not materially different from
     their carrying values at December 31, 2000 and 1999.

     (f)Deferred Financing Costs

         Deferred financing costs include fees and costs incurred to obtain
     long-term financing. The costs are being amortized over the terms of the
     respective loans on a level yield basis. Unamortized deferred financing
     fees are written-off when debt is retired before the maturity date.
     Accumulated amortization for such costs was $1.9 million and $1.8 million
     at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

     (g) Revenue Recognition

         Rental income attributable to leases is recorded when earned from
     tenants.

                                      F-8
<PAGE>   41
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

     (h)Minority Interests

         Net income is allocated to Common OP Unitholders based on their
     respective ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership. An ownership
     percentage is represented by dividing the number of Common OP Units held by
     the Common OP Unitholders (5,514,330 and 5,633,183 at December 31, 2000 and
     1999, respectively) by OP Units and common stock outstanding. Issuance of
     additional shares of common stock or common OP Units changes the percentage
     ownership of both the Minority Interests and the Company. Due in part to
     the exchange rights (which provide for the conversion of Common OP Units
     into Common Stock on a one-for-one basis), such transactions and the
     proceeds therefrom are treated as capital transactions and result in an
     allocation between stockholders' equity and Minority Interests to account
     for the change in the respective percentage ownership of the underlying
     equity of the Operating Partnership.

         On September 30, 1999, the Operating Partnership completed a $125
     million private placement of 9.0% Series D Cumulative Perpetual Preferred
     Units ("POP Units") with two institutional investors. The POP Units, which
     are callable by the Company after five years, have no stated maturity or
     mandatory redemption, have no voting rights and are not convertible into OP
     Units or Common Stock. Income is allocated to the POP Units at a preferred
     rate per annum of 9.0% on the original capital contribution of $125
     million. Costs related to the placement of $3.1 million were recorded as a
     reduction to additional paid-in capital.

     (i)Income Taxes

         Due to the structure of the Company as a REIT, the results of
     operations contain no provision for Federal income taxes. However, the
     Company may be subject to certain state and local income, excise or
     franchise taxes. The Company paid state and local taxes of approximately
     $78,000, $85,000 and $78,000 during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999
     and 1998. As of December 31, 2000, net investment in real estate and notes
     receivable had a federal tax basis of approximately $742 million and $24
     million, respectively.

     (j)Reclassifications

         Certain 1999 and 1998 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
     2000 financial presentation. Such reclassifications have no effect on the
     operations or equity as originally presented.

     (k)Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities

         In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
     Statement No. 133 ("SFAS No. 133"), "Accounting for Derivative Instruments
     and Hedging Activities". SFAS No. 133 permits early adoption as of the
     beginning of any fiscal quarter after its issuance. In June 1999, the FASB
     issued Statement No. 137 which deferred the effective date of SFAS No. 133
     to all fiscal quarters for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. The
     Company will adopt SFAS No. 133 on January 1, 2001. SFAS No. 133 will
     require the Company to recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at
     fair value. Derivatives that are not hedges must be adjusted to fair value
     through income. If the derivative is a hedge, depending on the nature of
     the hedge, changes in the fair value of derivatives will either be offset
     against the change in fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities or firm
     commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income
     until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The Company has determined
     that the effect of SFAS No. 133 on the earnings and financial position of
     the Company will not be significant when implemented.

                                      F-9
<PAGE>   42
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 3 - EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

   Earnings per common share are based on the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during each year. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 128, "Earnings Per Share" ("SFAS No. 128") defines the calculation of basic
and fully diluted earnings per share. Basic and fully diluted earnings per share
are based on the weighted average shares outstanding during each year and basic
earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options, warrants and
convertible securities. The conversion of OP Units has been excluded from the
basic earnings per share calculation. The conversion of an OP Unit to a share of
common stock has no material effect on earnings per common share.

     The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
earnings per share (amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      2000         1999         1998
                                                      ----         ----         ----
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>          <C>
NUMERATOR:

   Numerator for basic earnings per share -
      Net income ................................    $31,945      $27,772      $28,930

   Effect of dilutive securities:
      Income allocated to Common OP Units
      (net of extraordinary loss on early
      extinguishment of debt) ...................      8,199        6,219        6,733
                                                     -------      -------      -------
   Numerator for diluted earnings per share -
      income available to Common Stockholders
      after assumed conversions .................    $40,144      $33,991      $35,663
                                                     =======      =======      =======

DENOMINATOR:

   Denominator for basic earnings per share -
      Weighted average Common Stock outstanding .     21,469       25,224       25,626

   Effect of dilutive securities:
      Weighted average Common OP Units ..........      5,592        5,704        5,955
      Employee stock options ....................        347          324          381
                                                     -------      -------      -------
   Denominator for diluted earnings per share -
      adjusted weighted average Common Stock
      outstanding after assumed conversions .....     27,408       31,252       31,962
                                                     =======      =======      =======
</TABLE>

NOTE 4 - COMMON STOCK AND OTHER EQUITY RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The following table presents the changes in the Company's outstanding
common stock for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 (excluding OP
Units of 5,514,330, 5,633,183 and 5,976,820 outstanding at December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       2000              1999              1998
                                                                       ----              ----              ----
<S>                                                                 <C>               <C>               <C>
Shares outstanding at January 1, ................................   22,813,357        26,417,029        24,771,180
     Common Stock purchased by key employees of the Company .....           --                --             5,000
     Common Stock issued through conversion of OP Units .........       59,190           143,637            99,552
     Common Stock issued through exercise of Options ............      138,029           126,565           141,403
     Common Stock issued through stock grants ...................       92,070            95,666           328,831
     Common Stock issued through Employee Stock Purchase Plan ...       68,739            59,060            44,804
     Common Stock issued through Unit Trust Offering ............           --                --         1,048,059
     Common Stock repurchased and retired .......................   (2,106,600)       (4,028,600)          (21,800)
                                                                    ----------        ----------           -------
Shares outstanding at December 31, ..............................   21,064,785        22,813,357        26,417,029
                                                                    ==========        ==========        ==========
</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 2000, the Company's percentage ownership of the
Operating Partnership was approximately 79%. The remaining 21% is owned by the
Common OP Unitholders.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>   43
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 4 - COMMON STOCK AND OTHER EQUITY RELATED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

         In March 1997, the Company's Board of Directors approved a common stock
repurchase plan whereby the Company was authorized to repurchase and retire
shares of its common stock. Under the plan, the Company repurchased
approximately 2.2 million shares of Common Stock at an average price of $24.06
per share during the year ended December 31, 2000, 4.1 million shares of Common
Stock at an average price of $23.40 per share during the year ended December 31,
1999 and 21,800 shares of Common Stock at an average price of $23.48 per share
during the year ended December 31, 1998 using proceeds from borrowings on the
line of credit.

     During 1998, the Company, as general partner of the Operating Partnership,
approved the admission of new limited partners (the "1998 Acquisition Partners")
to the Operating Partnership in connection with certain acquisitions of real
estate and investments in joint ventures (see Notes 5 and 6). The 1998
Acquisition Partners received 342,438 OP Units, which are exchangeable on a
one-for-one basis for shares of the Company's common stock.

     On April 23, 1998, the Company completed an offering of 1,048,059 shares of
common stock (the "Unit Trust Offering") and sold the shares to Merrill Lynch,
Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (the "Underwriter"). The offering price per
share was $25.4375, the closing price for shares of the Company's common stock
on April 23, 1998, resulting in gross offering proceeds of approximately $26.7
million. Net of the Underwriter's discount and offering expenses, the Company
received approximately $25 million. The Underwriter deposited the shares of
common stock with the trustee of the Equity Investor Fund Cohen & Steers Realty
Majors Portfolio, a unit investment trust (the "Trust"), in exchange for units
in the Trust.

     On March 26, 1999, the Operating Partnership repurchased and cancelled
200,000 OP Units from a limited partner of the Operating Partnership. During the
year ended December 31, 2000, the Operating Partnership repurchased and
cancelled approximately 60,000 OP Units from various holders.

     On September 30, 1999, the Operating Partnership completed a $125 million
private placement of 9.0% Series D Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units ("POP
Units") with two institutional investors. The POP Units, which are callable by
the Company after five years, have no stated maturity or mandatory redemption.
Net proceeds from the offering of $121 million were used to repay amounts
outstanding under the Company's line of credit facility and for other corporate
purposes.

The following distributions have been declared and / or paid to common
stockholders and minority interests since January 1, 1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       DISTRIBUTION              FOR THE QUARTER         SHAREHOLDER RECORD
     AMOUNT PER SHARE                ENDING                     DATE                     PAYMENT DATE
     ----------------                ------                     ----                     ------------
<S>                           <C>                       <C>                          <C>
          $0.3625                  March 31, 1998            March 27, 1998              April 10, 1998
          $0.3625                   June 30, 1998             June 26, 1998               July 10, 1998
          $0.3625              September 30, 1998        September 25, 1998             October 9, 1998
          $0.3625               December 31, 1998         December 16, 1998           December 30, 1998
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          $0.3875                  March 31, 1999            March 26, 1999               April 9, 1999
          $0.3875                   June 30, 1999             June 25, 1999                July 9, 1999
          $0.3875              September 30, 1999        September 24, 1999             October 8, 1999
          $0.3875               December 31, 1999         December 31, 1999            January 14, 2000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          $0.4150                  March 31, 2000            March 31, 2000              April 14, 2000
          $0.4150                   June 30, 2000             June 30, 2000               July 14, 2000
          $0.4150              September 30, 2000        September 29, 2000            October 13, 2000
          $0.4150               December 31, 2000         December 29, 2000            January 12, 2001
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

     The Operating Partnership paid distributions of 9.0% per annum on the $125
million of POP Units. Distributions on the POP Units were paid quarterly on the
last calendar day of each quarter beginning December 31, 1999.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>   44
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 4 - COMMON STOCK AND OTHER EQUITY RELATED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     The Company adopted, effective July 1, 1997, the 1997 Non-Qualified
Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). Pursuant to the ESPP, certain employees
and directors of the Company may each annually acquire up to $250,000 of common
stock of the Company. The aggregate number of shares of common stock available
under the ESPP shall not exceed 1,000,000, subject to adjustment by the Board of
Directors. The common stock may be purchased monthly at a price equal to 85% of
the lesser of: (a) the closing price for a share of Common Stock on the last day
of such month; and (b) the greater of: (i) the closing price for a share of
Common Stock on the first day of such month, and (ii) the average closing price
for a share of Common Stock for all the business days in the month. Shares of
Common Stock issued through the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999
and 1998 were 68,739, 59,060 and 44,804, respectively.

NOTE 5 - INVESTMENT IN REAL ESTATE

     Land improvements consist primarily of improvements such as grading,
landscaping and infrastructure items such as streets, sidewalks or water mains.
Depreciable property consists of permanent buildings in the Properties such as
clubhouses, laundry facilities, maintenance storage facilities, and furniture,
fixtures and equipment.

     On September 4, 1997, the Company entered into a portfolio purchase
agreement (as amended by a supplemental agreement on December 17, 1997) to
acquire 37 manufactured home communities (the "Ellenburg Communities") from
partnerships having Ellenburg Capital Corporation ("ECC") as the general
partner, for a purchase price in excess of $300 million. During 1997 and 1998,
the Company closed on the acquisition of thirty-one of the Ellenburg Communities
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $278 million and gained control
of an additional five Ellenburg Communities with acquisition advances of
approximately $57 million to the partnerships which owned such Ellenburg
Communities. All fundings related to the acquisition were funded by the Company
with borrowings under the Company's line of credit, term bank facilities,
assumed debt and the issuance of Common OP Units.

     During 1998, the Company received approximately $14.3 million, including
approximately $365,000 of interest income, which was being held subject to the
completion of due diligence procedures on the Ellenburg Communities. The $14.3
million was initially recorded as a liability until 1999 when a settlement of
certain related issues was substantially complete and accordingly, in a non-cash
transaction, relieved the liability and adjusted the purchase price of the
Ellenburg Communities.

      In April 2000, the California Superior Court approved a settlement
agreement (the "Settlement") in connection with the dissolution proceeding of
ECC and its affiliated partnerships. As part of the Settlement, the Company
received $13.5 million previously held in escrow in connection with the purchase
of the Ellenburg Communities and recorded $3.0 million of interest income
related to these funds. In connection with the Settlement, the Company sold
three communities - Mesa Regal RV Resort, Mon Dak and Naples Estates - for an
aggregate sales price of $59.0 million, including cash proceeds of $40.0 million
and assumption of debt by the purchaser of $19.0 million. The Company recorded a
$9.1 million gain on the sale of these Properties. Proceeds from the Settlement
and property sales were used to pay down the Company's line of credit. See Note
17 for further discussion of the Settlement.

     On January 8, 1998, the Company acquired Quail Meadows, located in
Riverbank, California, for a purchase price of approximately $4.7 million. The
acquisition was funded with a borrowing under the Company's line of credit.
Quail Meadows consists of approximately 146 developed sites.

     On April 30, 1998, the Company acquired Sherwood Forest RV Resort, located
adjacent to one of the Ellenburg Communities in Kissimmee, Florida, for a
purchase price of approximately $7.0 million. The acquisition was funded with a
borrowing under the Company's line of credit. Sherwood Forest RV Resort consists
of approximately 512 developed sites and a 33 acre expansion parcel.

     On May 14, 1998, the Company acquired Casa Del Sol Resort III, located
adjacent to one of the Company's Properties in Peoria, Arizona, for a purchase
price of approximately $9.8 million. The acquisition was funded with a borrowing
under the Company's line of credit. Casa Del Sol Resort III consists of 238
developed sites.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>   45
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 5 - INVESTMENT IN REAL ESTATE (CONTINUED)

     On June 4, 1998, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with
Wolverine Investors L.L.C. to acquire eighteen manufactured home communities
(the "College Heights Communities"). The aggregate purchase price for the
College Heights Communities was approximately $89 million. The Company
contributed approximately $19 million to the joint venture, Wolverine Investors
L.L.C. contributed approximately $2.0 million to the joint venture and the
remainder of the acquisition was funded with a borrowing from a financial
institution of approximately $68 million. The Company's $19 million contribution
to the joint venture was funded with a borrowing under the Company's line of
credit. Due to the Company's ability to control the joint venture through its
approximate 95% interest, the College Heights Communities and related operations
have been consolidated for financial reporting purposes.

     On August 13, 1998, the Company acquired Sunset Oaks, located in Plant
City, Florida, adjacent to one of the Company's existing Properties, for a
purchase price of approximately $3.6 million. The acquisition was funded with a
borrowing under the Company's line of credit. Sunset Oaks consists of 168
developed sites.

     On July 23, 1999, the Company acquired Coquina Crossing, located in St.
Augustine, Florida, for a purchase price of approximately $10.4 million. The
acquisition was funded with a borrowing under the Company's line of credit.
Coquina Crossing is a 748-site senior community with 269 developed sites and
zoned expansion potential for 479 sites. In addition, RSI, an affiliate of the
Company, purchased the model home inventory at the community for approximately
$1.1 million.

     In March 2000, in accordance with SFAS No. 121 "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed of",
MHC Acquisition One L.L.C., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, recorded
an impairment loss on the DeAnza Santa Cruz water and wastewater service company
business. Recent negotiations for the sale of the business as well as
management's estimates indicated that the undiscounted future cash flows from
the business would be less than the carrying value of the business and its
related assets. The Company recorded an asset impairment loss of $701,000 (or
$0.03 per fully diluted share) which is included in other income on the
accompanying statements of operations. This loss represents the difference
between the carrying value of the DeAnza Santa Cruz water and wastewater service
company business and its related assets and their estimated fair market value.

      On February 29, 2000, MHC Systems, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of the
Company, disposed of the water and wastewater service company facilities known
as FFEC-Six in a cash sale. Net proceeds from the sale of approximately $4.2
million were used to pay down the Company's line of credit and a gain on the
sale of $719,000 (or $0.03 per fully diluted share) was recorded in other income
on the accompanying statements of operations.

     The acquisitions have been accounted for utilizing the purchase method of
accounting and, accordingly, the results of operations of acquired assets are
included in the statement of operations from the dates of acquisition. The
Company acquired all of the Properties from unaffiliated third parties.

     The Company is actively seeking to acquire additional communities and
currently is engaged in negotiations relating to the possible acquisition of a
number of communities. At any time these negotiations are at varying stages
which may include contracts outstanding to acquire certain manufactured home
communities which are subject to satisfactory completion of the Company's due
diligence review.

NOTE 6 - INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE

     On March 18, 1998, the Company joined Plantation Company, L.L.C. and Trails
Associates, L.L.C., two 50% joint venture investments with the principals of
Meadows Management Company, to own two manufactured home communities known as
"Plantation on the Lake" and "Trails West", for approximately $6.5 million.
Plantation on the Lake is located in Riverside, California and consists of 385
developed sites and 122 expansion sites. Trails West is located in Tucson,
Arizona and consists of 488 developed sites. The Company's investments were
funded with a $3.9 million borrowing under the Company's line of credit and with
the issuance of approximately $2.6 million in OP Units. During the year ended
December 31, 2000, the Company recorded approximately $7,000 of net income from
joint ventures and received approximately $230,000 in cash flow distributions.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>   46
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 6 - INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE (CONTINUED)

     On December 28, 2000, the Company, through a joint venture with the
principals of Meadows Management Company (the "Voyager Joint Venture"), acquired
a 50% economic interest in Voyager RV Resort, a 1,576 site RV resort in Tucson,
Arizona, for total consideration of $8.0 million. Voyager RV Resort is adjacent
to Trails West. The Company's investment included cash of $3.0 million, its 50%
interest in land held through the joint venture valued at $2.0 million and notes
receivable from the principals of Meadows Management Company totaling $3.0
million.

Due to the Company's inability to control the joint ventures, the Company
accounts for its investment in the joint ventures on the equity method. During
the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company recorded approximately $7,000 of
Net Income from joint ventures and received approximately $230,000 in cash flow
distributions.

NOTE 7 - INVESTMENT IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES

     Investment in and advances to affiliates consists principally of preferred
stock of RSI and LP Management Corp. (collectively "Affiliates") and advances
under a line of credit between the Company and RSI. The Company accounts for the
investment in and advances to Affiliates using the equity method of accounting.

     Following is unaudited financial information for the Affiliates for the
years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 (amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        2000           1999
                                        ----           ----
<S>                                   <C>            <C>
Assets                                $ 34,200       $ 23,201
Liabilities, net of amounts due
  to the Company                       (12,985)       (11,512)
                                      --------       --------

Net investment in Affiliates          $ 21,215       $ 11,689
                                      ========       ========

Home sales                            $ 42,645       $ 34,662
Cost of sales                          (29,819)       (27,029)
Other revenues and expenses, net       (10,418)        (5,568)
                                      --------       --------

Equity in income of Affiliates        $  2,408       $  2,065
                                      ========       ========
</TABLE>

NOTE 8 - NOTES RECEIVABLE

     At December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Company had approximately $5.0 million
and $4.3 million in notes receivable, respectively.

     On January 6, 1998, the Company funded a $12.3 million loan (the "Meadows
Loan") to Meadows Preservation, Inc. The Meadows Loan was collateralized by The
Meadows manufactured home community located in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, bore
interest at the lesser of 9% or the cash flow of the Property and matured on
April 30, 1999, as amended. On April 1, 1999, the Company effectively exchanged
The Meadows Loan for an equity interest in the partnership that owns The
Meadows. The Company accounts for The Meadows as an acquisition and consolidates
the Property and related results of operations.

     On May 12, 1998, the Company entered into an agreement to loan $5.9 million
to Trails Associates, L.L.C. (the "Trails West Loan") for development of the
Property known as Trails West. Subsequently, the Company had funded $3.2 million
under the Trails West Loan. However, pursuant to the aforementioned Voyager
Joint Venture transaction much of the land under development by Trails
Associates, L.L.C. was contributed to the Voyager Joint Venture and $1.2 million
of the Trails West Loan was repaid. The balance of $1.9 million on the Trails
West Loan is collateralized by the Property known as Trails West, bears interest
at the rate of approximately 8.5%, requires monthly interest payments and
matures on June 1, 2003.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>   47
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 8 - NOTES RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)

     On December 28, 2000, the Company, in connection with the Voyager Joint
Venture, entered into an agreement to loan $3.0 million to certain principals of
Meadows Management Company. The notes are collateralized with a combination of
Common OP Units and partnership interests in this and other joint ventures. The
notes bear interest at Prime plus 0.5%, require quarterly interest payments and
mature on December 31, 2011.

NOTE 9 - EMPLOYEE NOTES RECEIVABLE

     In December 1992, certain directors, officers and other individuals each
entered into subscription agreements with the Company to acquire 440,000 shares
of the Company's common stock at $7.25 per share. The Company received from
these individuals notes (the "1993 Employee Notes") in exchange for their
shares. The 1993 Employee Notes accrue interest at 6.77%, mature on March 2,
2003, and are recourse against the employees in the event the pledged shares are
insufficient to repay the obligations.

     On January 2, 1996, certain members of management of the Company entered
into subscription agreements with the Company to acquire a total of 270,000
shares of the Company's common stock at $17.375 per share, the market price on
that date. The Company received from these individuals notes (the "1996 Employee
Notes") in exchange for their shares. The 1996 Employee Notes accrue interest at
5.91%, mature on January 2, 2005, and are recourse against the employees in the
event the pledged shares are insufficient to repay the obligations.

     On March 23, 1998, a member of management of the Company entered into a
subscription agreement with the Company to acquire a total of 5,000 shares of
the Company's common stock at $25.75 per share, the market price on that date.
The Company received from this individual a note in exchange for his shares. The
note accrued interest at 5.97%, matured on March 23, 2008, and is recourse
against the employee in the event the pledged shares are insufficient to repay
the obligation. In January, 2000, the individual returned the shares of common
stock and the note was cancelled.

NOTE 10 - LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

     As of December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, the Company had outstanding
mortgage indebtedness of approximately $556.6 million and $513.2 million,
respectively, encumbering 73 and 72 of the Company's Properties, respectively.
As of December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, the carrying value of such
Properties was approximately $631 million and $638 million, respectively.

     On February 24, 2000, the Company entered into mortgage agreements
collateralizing two Properties for a total of $14.6 million. The mortgage notes
mature on March 1, 2010, amortize beginning March 1, 2000 over 30 years and bear
interest at a rate of approximately 8.3% per annum.

     On June 30, 2000, the Company obtained $110 million in debt financing
consisting of two mortgage notes - one for $94.3 million and one for $15.7
million - secured by seven Properties as discussed below. The proceeds of the
financing were used to repay $60 million of mortgage debt secured by the seven
Properties, to repay amounts outstanding under the Company's line of credit and
for working capital purposes. The Company recorded a $1.3 million charge in
connection with the early repayment of the $60 million of mortgage debt.

     The outstanding mortgage indebtedness consists of:

- -    A $265.0 million mortgage note (the "$265 Million Mortgage") collateralized
     by 29 Properties beneficially owned by MHC Financing Limited Partnership.
     The $265 Million Mortgage has a maturity date of January 2, 2028 and pays
     interest at 7.015%. There is no principal amortization until February 1,
     2008, after which principal and interest are to be paid from available cash
     flow and the interest rate will be reset at a rate equal to the then
     10-year U.S. Treasury obligations plus 2.0%. The $265 Million Mortgage is
     presented net of a settled hedge of $3.0 million (net of accumulated
     amortization of $110,000) which is being amortized into interest expense
     over the life of the loan.

- -    A $66.5 million mortgage note (the "College Heights Mortgage")
     collateralized by the 18 College Heights Communities. The College Heights
     Mortgage bears interest at a rate of 7.19%, amortizes beginning July 1,
     1999 over 30 years and matures July 1, 2008.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>   48
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 10 - LONG-TERM BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

- -    A $93.8 million mortgage note (the "DeAnza Mortgage") collateralized by 6
     Properties beneficially owned by MHC-DeAnza Financing Limited Partnership.
     The DeAnza Mortgage bears interest at a rate of 7.82%, amortizes beginning
     August 1, 2000 over 30 years and matures July 1, 2010.

- -    A $22.9 million mortgage note (the "Bay Indies Mortgage") collateralized by
     one Property beneficially owned by MHC-Bay Indies Financing Limited
     Partnership. The Bay Indies Mortgage bears interest at a rate of 7.48%,
     amortizes beginning August 1, 1994 over 27.5 years and matures July 1,
     2004.

- -    A $15.7 million mortgage note (the "Date Palm Mortgage") collateralized by
     one Property beneficially owned by MHC Date Palm, L.L.C. The Date Palm
     Mortgage bears interest at a rate of 7.96%, amortizes beginning August 1,
     2000 over 30 years and matures July 1, 2010.

- -    Approximately $94.8 million of mortgage debt on 18 other various
     Properties, which was recorded at fair market value with the related
     discount or premium being amortized over the life of the loan using the
     effective interest rate. Scheduled maturities for the outstanding
     indebtedness are at various dates through November 30, 2020, and fixed
     interest rates range from 7.15% to 8.92%. Included in this debt, the
     Company has a $2.4 million loan recorded to account for a direct financing
     lease entered into in May 1997.

     On August 9, 2000, the Company amended its unsecured line of credit with a
bank (the "Credit Agreement") bearing interest at the London Interbank Offered
Rate ("LIBOR") plus 1.125%. Among other things, the amendment lowered the total
facility under the Credit Agreement to $150 million and extended the maturity to
August 9, 2003. The Company pays a quarterly fee on the average unused amount of
such credit equal to 0.15% of such amount. As of December 31, 2000, $59.9
million was outstanding under the Credit Agreement.

     The Company has a $100 million unsecured term loan (the "Term Loan") with a
group of banks with interest only payable monthly at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.0%.
The Term Loan maturity has been extended to April 3, 2002.

     The Company has approximately $3.2 million of installment notes payable,
secured by a letter of credit, each with an interest rate of 6.5%, maturing
September 1, 2002. Approximately $1.9 million of the notes pay principal
annually and interest quarterly and the remaining $1.3 million of the notes pay
interest only quarterly.

     In July 1995, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (the
"1998 Swap") fixing LIBOR on $100 million of the Company's floating rate debt at
6.4% for the period 1998 through 2003. The value of the 1998 Swap was impacted
by changes in the market rate of interest. The Company accounted for the 1998
Swap as a hedge. Payments and receipts under the 1998 Swap were accounted for as
an adjustment to interest expense. On January 10, 2000, the Company terminated
the 1998 Swap and received $1.0 million of proceeds which is being amortized as
an adjustment to interest expense through March 2003.

     Aggregate payments of principal on long-term borrowings for each of the
next five years and thereafter are as follows (amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    YEAR                AMOUNT
    ----                ------
<S>                    <C>
    2001               $  14,921
    2002                 105,667
    2003                  73,360
    2004                  32,677
    2005                   3,227
 Thereafter              489,832
                       ---------
   Total               $ 719,684
                       =========
</TABLE>

                                      F-16
<PAGE>   49
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 11 - LEASE AGREEMENTS

     The leases entered into between the tenant and the Company for the rental
of a site are month-to-month or for a period of one to ten years, renewable upon
the consent of the parties or, in some instances, as provided by statute.
Noncancelable long-term leases, with remaining terms up to eleven years, are in
effect at certain sites within nineteen of the Properties. Rental rate increases
at these Properties are primarily a function of increases in the Consumer Price
Index taking into consideration certain floors and ceilings. Additionally,
periodic market rate adjustments are made as deemed necessary. Future minimum
rents are scheduled to be received under noncancelable tenant leases at December
31, 2000 as follows (amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    YEAR                AMOUNT
    ----                ------
<S>                    <C>
    2001               $ 37,389
    2002                 20,016
    2003                  8,213
    2004                  4,272
    2005                  4,393
 Thereafter              23,921
                       --------
   Total               $ 98,204
                       ========
</TABLE>

NOTE 12 - GROUND LEASES

     The Company leases land under noncancellable operating leases at certain of
the Properties expiring in various years from 2022 to 2031 with terms which
require twelve equal payments per year plus additional rents calculated as a
percent of gross revenues. For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
ground lease rent was $1.6 million. Minimum future rental payments under the
ground leases are $1.6 million for each of the next five years and $29.5 million
thereafter.

NOTE 13 - TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

     Equity Group Investments, Inc. ("EGI"), an entity controlled by Mr. Samuel
Zell, Chairman of the Board of Directors, and certain of its affiliates have
provided services such as administrative support, investor relations, corporate
secretarial, real estate tax evaluation services, market consulting and research
services, and computer and support services. Fees paid to EGI and its affiliates
amounted to approximately $26,000, $74,000 and $104,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. There were no significant
amounts due to these affiliates as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

     Certain related entities, owned by persons affiliated with Mr. Zell, have
provided services to the Company. These entities include, but are not limited
to, Rosenberg & Liebentritt, P.C. which provided legal services including
property acquisition services in 1999 and 1998; The Riverside Agency, Inc. which
provided insurance brokerage services and Equity Office Properties Trust which
provided office space to the Company. Fees paid to these entities amounted to
approximately $442,000, $473,000 and $850,000 for the years December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively. Amounts due to these affiliates were approximately
$32,000 and $33,000 as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Of the
amounts charged by these affiliates during the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, approximately $0, $12,000 and $175,000, respectively, were
capitalized.

     Related party agreements or fee arrangements are generally for a term of
one year and approved by independent members of the Board of Directors.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>   50
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 14 - STOCK OPTION PLAN AND STOCK GRANTS

     A Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") was adopted by the Company in December
1992. Pursuant to the Plan, certain officers, directors, employees and
consultants of the Company may be offered the opportunity to acquire shares of
common stock through the grant of stock options ("Options"), including
non-qualified stock options and, for key employees, incentive stock options
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. The Compensation Committee will
determine the vesting schedule, if any, of each Option and the term, which term
shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant. As to the Options that have
been granted through December 31, 2000, generally, one-third are exercisable one
year after the initial grant, one-third are exercisable two years following the
date such Options were granted and the remaining one-third are exercisable three
years following the date such Options were granted. The Plan allows for 10,000
Options to be granted annually to each director. The common stock with respect
to which the Options may be granted during any calendar year to any grantee
shall not exceed 250,000 shares. In addition, the Plan provides for the granting
of stock appreciation rights ("SARs") and restricted stock grants ("Stock
Grants"). A maximum of 4,000,000 shares of common stock was available for grant
under the Plan as of December 31, 2000.

     In 2000, 1999 and 1998, the Company issued 19,181, 14,666 and 18,238 shares
related to Stock Grants, respectively, which represented a portion of certain
employee bonuses. The fair market value of these Stock Grants of approximately
$525,000, $352,000 and $445,000 at the date of grant was recorded as
compensation expense by the Company in 2000, 1999and 1998, respectively.

     In 1998, the Company awarded 233,500 Stock Grants to certain members of
senior management of the Company. These Stock Grants vest over five years, but
may be restricted for a period of up to ten years depending upon certain
performance benchmarks tied to increases in funds from operations being met. The
fair market value of these Stock Grants of approximately $5.7 million as of the
date of grant was treated in 1998 as deferred compensation. The Company
amortized approximately $593,000 and $569,000 related to these Stock Grants in
2000 and 1999, respectively, and Stock Grants totaling approximately 12,000
shares valued at $295,000 were cancelled.

     In 1999, the Company awarded 65,000 Stock Grants to certain members of
senior management of the Company. These Stock Grants vest over three years with
one-half vesting in 1999. The fair market value of these Stock Grants of
approximately $1.5 million as of the date of grant was treated in 1999 as
deferred compensation. The Company amortized approximately $385,000 and $770,000
related to these Stock Grants in 2000 and 1999, respectively.

     In 2000, the Company awarded 69,750 Stock Grants to certain members of
senior management of the Company. These Stock Grants vest over three years with
one-half vesting in 2000. The fair market value of these Stock Grants of
approximately $1.9 million as of the date of grant was treated in 2000 as
deferred compensation. The Company amortized approximately $955,000 related to
these Stock Grants in 2000.

     In 1999, the Plan was amended to provide a Stock Grant of 2,000 shares
vesting over three years in lieu of the 10,000 Options granted after the
amendment to each director, if the director so elects. The Company recognized
approximately $134,000 and $129,000 of expense and recorded approximately
$267,000 and $257,000 of deferred compensation in 2000 and 1999, respectively,
related to 16,000 Stock Grants in both 2000 and 1999.

     The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board Opinion No.
25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25") and related
Interpretations in accounting for its Options and Stock Grants because, as
discussed below, the alternative fair value accounting provided for under FASB
Statement No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," ("SFAS No. 123")
requires use of option valuation models that were not developed for use in
valuing employee stock options. Under APB 25, because the exercise price of the
Company's Options equals the market price of the underlying stock on the date of
grant, no compensation expense is recognized. Additionally, the amount
recognized as expense for the Stock Grants during any given year of the
performance period is dependent on certain performance benchmarks being met.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>   51
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 14 - STOCK OPTION PLAN AND STOCK GRANTS (CONTINUED)

     Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share is
required by SFAS No. 123, and has been determined as if the Company had
accounted for its Options and Stock Grants under the fair value method of that
Statement. The fair value for the Options was estimated at the date of grant
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively: risk-free interest rates of
5.5%, 6.3% and 5.7%; dividend yields of 6.3%, 6.3% and 5.8%; volatility factors
of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of .20, .21 and .23;
and a weighted-average expected life of the Options of 5 years. The fair value
of the Stock Grants granted in 2000, 1999 and 1998 has been estimated at
approximately 30% below the calculated fair market value on the date of grant
because these Stock Grants may remain restricted even after they become fully
vested.

     The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in
estimating the fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the
input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected stock price
volatility. Because the Company's Options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's
opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single
measure of the fair value of the Company's Options. In addition, the existing
models are not representative of the effects on reported net income for future
years.

     For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the
Options is amortized to expense over the Options' vesting period and the
estimated fair value of the Stock Grants is amortized to expense over the same
period. The pro forma effect of SFAS No. 123 on the Company's net income for the
years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was ($134,000) ($0 per share),
($138,000) ($0 per share) and $225,000 ($0.01 per share), respectively.

     A summary of the Company's stock option activity, and related information
for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Shares Subject               Weighted Average
                                                    to Options Share          Exercise Price Per Share
                                                    ----------------          ------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>                          <C>
Balance at December 31, 1997                            1,690,493                      $19.91
    Options granted                                       378,986                       22.04
    Options exercised                                   (141,403)                       18.07
    Options canceled                                     (28,697)                       24.09
                                                        ---------                      ------
Balance at December 31, 1998                            1,899,379                       21.08
    Options granted                                       313,400                       23.91
    Options exercised                                   (126,565)                       19.25
    Options canceled                                     (66,767)                       24.08
                                                        ---------                      ------
Balance at December 31, 1999                            2,019,447                      $21.72
    Options granted                                       440,077                       25.94
    Options exercised                                   (250,092)                       23.17
    Options canceled                                    (101,227)                       24.33
                                                        ---------                      ------
Balance at December 31, 2000                            2,108,205                      $22.30
                                                        =========                      ======
</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, 416,603 shares, 747,258 shares and
1,075,091 shares remained available for grant, respectively, and 1,562,074
shares, 1,426,072 shares and 1,269,982 shares were exercisable, respectively.
Exercise prices for Options outstanding as of December 31, 2000 ranged from
$12.875 to $26.750, with the substantial majority of the exercise prices
exceeding $17.25. The remaining weighted-average contractual life of those
Options was 6.3 years.

NOTE 15 - PREFERRED STOCK

     The Company's Board of Directors is authorized under the Company's charter,
without further stockholder approval, to issue, from time to time, in one or
more series, 10,000,000 shares of $.01 par value preferred stock (the "Preferred
Stock"), with specific rights, preferences and other attributes as the Board may
determine, which may include preferences, powers and rights that are senior to
the rights of holders of the Company's common stock. However, under certain
circumstances, the issuance of preferred stock may require stockholder approval
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. As of
December 31, 2000 and 1999, no Preferred Stock was issued by the Company.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>   52
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 16 - SAVINGS PLAN

     The Company has a qualified retirement plan, with a salary deferral feature
designed to qualify under Section 401 of the Code (the "401(k) Plan"), to cover
its employees and those of its Subsidiaries, if any. The 401(k) Plan permits
eligible employees of the Company and those of any Subsidiary to defer up to 16%
of their eligible compensation on a pre-tax basis subject to certain maximum
amounts. In addition, the Company will match dollar-for-dollar the participant's
contribution up to 4% of the participant's eligible compensation.

     In addition, amounts contributed by the Company will vest, on a prorated
basis, according to the participant's vesting schedule. After five years of
employment with the Company, the participants will be 100% vested for all
amounts contributed by the Company. Additionally, a discretionary profit sharing
component of the 401(k) Plan provides for a contribution to be made annually for
each participant in an amount, if any, as determined by the Company. All
employee contributions are 100% vested. The Company's contribution to the 401(k)
Plan was approximately $315,000, $385,000 and $256,000, for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The Company's anticipated plan
contribution for the profit sharing component of the 401(k) Plan is
approximately $85,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000.

NOTE 17 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

DEANZA SANTA CRUZ MOBILE ESTATES

     The residents of DeAnza Santa Cruz Mobile Estates, a property located in
Santa Cruz, California (the "City") previously brought several actions opposing
certain fees and charges in connection with water service at the Property. The
trial of the ongoing utility charge dispute with the residents of this Property
concluded on January 22, 1999. This summary provides the history and reasoning
underlying the Company's defense of the residents' claims and explains the
Company's decision to continue to defend its position, which the Company
believes is fair and accurate.

     DeAnza Santa Cruz Mobile Estates is a 198-site community overlooking the
Pacific Ocean. It is subject to the City's rent control ordinance which limits
annual rent increases to 75% of CPI. The Company purchased this Property in
August 1994 from certain unaffiliated DeAnza entities ("DeAnza"). Prior to the
Company's purchase in 1994, DeAnza made the decision to submeter and separately
bill tenants at the Property for both water and sewer in 1993 in the face of the
City's rapidly rising utility costs.

     Under California Civil Code Section 798.41, DeAnza was required to reduce
rent by an amount equal to the average cost of usage over the preceding 12
months. This was done. With respect to water, not looking to submit to
jurisdiction of the California Public Utility Commission ("CPUC"), DeAnza relied
on California Public Utilities Code Section 2705.5 ("CPUC Section 2705.5") to
determine what rates would be charged for water on an ongoing basis without
becoming a public utility. DeAnza and the Company interpreted the statute as
providing that in a submetered mobile home park, the property owner is not
subject to regulation and control of the CPUC so long as the users are charged
what they would be charged by the utility company if users received their water
directly from the utility company. In Santa Cruz, customers receiving their
water directly from the city's water utility were charged a certain lifeline
rate for the first 400 ccfs of water and a greater rate for usage over 400 ccfs
of water, a readiness to serve charge of $7.80 per month and tax on the total.
In reliance on CPUC Section 2705.5, DeAnza implemented its billings on this
schedule notwithstanding that it did not receive the discount for the first 400
ccfs of water because it was a commercial and not a residential customer.

     A dispute with the residents ensued over the readiness to serve charge and
tax thereon. The residents argued that California Civil Code Section 798.41
required that the Property owner could only pass through its actual costs of
water (and that the excess charges over the amount of the rent rollback were an
improper rent increase) and that CPUC Section 2705.5 was not applicable. DeAnza
unbundled the utility charges from rent consistent with California Civil Code
Section 798.41 and it has generally been undisputed that the rent rollback was
accurately calculated.

     In August 1994, when the Company acquired the Property, the Company
reviewed the respective legal positions of the Santa Cruz Homeowners Association
("HOA") and DeAnza and concurred with DeAnza. Their reliance on CPUC Section
2705.5 made both legal and practical sense in that residents paid only what they
would pay if they lived in a residential neighborhood within the City and
permitted DeAnza to recoup part of the expenses of operating a submetered system
through the readiness to serve charge.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>   53
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 17 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

     Over a period of 18 months from 1993 into May of 1995, a series of
complaints were filed by the HOA and Herbert Rossman, a resident, against
DeAnza, and later, the Company. DeAnza and the Company demurred to each of these
complaints on the grounds that the CPUC had exclusive jurisdiction over the
setting of water rates and that residents under rent control had to first
exhaust their administrative remedies before proceeding in a civil action. At
one point, the case was dismissed (with leave to amend) on the basis that
jurisdiction was with the CPUC and, at another point, Mr. Rossman was dismissed
from the case because he had not exhausted his administrative remedies.

     On June 29, 1995, a hearing was held before a Santa Cruz rent control
officer on billing and submetering issues related to both water and sewer. The
Company and DeAnza prevailed on all issues related to sewer and the rent
rollback related to water, but the hearing officer determined that the Company
could only pass through its actual cost of water, i.e., a prorated readiness to
serve charge and tax thereon. The hearing officer did not deal with the subsidy
being given to residents through the quantity charge and ordered a rebate in a
fixed amount per resident. The Company and DeAnza requested reconsideration on
this issue, among others, which reconsideration was denied by the hearing
officer.

     The Company then took a writ of mandate (an appeal from an administrative
order) to the Superior Court and, pending this appeal, the residents, the
Company and the City agreed to stay the effect of the hearing officer's decision
until the Court rendered judgment.

     In July 1996, the Superior Court affirmed the hearing officer's decision
without addressing concerns about the failure to take the subsidy on the
quantity charge into account.

     The Company requested that the City and the HOA agree to a further stay
pending appeal to the court of appeal, but they refused and the appeal court
denied the Company's request for a stay in late November 1996. Therefore, on
January 1, 1997, the Company reduced its water charges at this Property to
reflect a pass-through of only the readiness to serve charge and tax at the
master meter (approximately $0.73) and to eliminate the subsidy on the water
charges. On their March 1, 1997 rent billings, residents were credited for
amounts previously "overcharged" for readiness to serve charge and tax. The
amount of the rebate given by the Company and DeAnza was $36,400. In calculating
the rebate, the Company and DeAnza took into account the previous subsidy on
water usage although this issue had not yet been decided by the court of appeal.
The Company and DeAnza felt legally safe in so doing based on language in the
hearing officer's decision that actual costs could be passed through.

     On March 12, 1997, the Company also filed an application with the CPUC to
dedicate the water system at this Property to public use and have the CPUC set
cost-based rates for water usage. The Company believed it was obligated to take
this action because of its consistent reliance on CPUC Section 2705.5 as a safe
harbor from CPUC jurisdiction. That is, when the Company could no longer charge
for water as the local serving utility would charge, it was no longer exempt
from the CPUC's jurisdiction and control under CPUC Section 2705.5.

     On March 20, 1997, the court of appeal issued the writ of mandate requested
by the Company on the grounds that the hearing officer had improperly calculated
the amount of the rebate (meaning the Company had correctly calculated the rent
credits), but also ruling that the hearing officer was correct when he found
that the readiness to serve charge and tax thereon as charged by DeAnza and the
Company were an inappropriate rent increase. The court of appeal further agreed
with the Company that the City's hearing officer did not have the authority
under California Civil Code Section 798.41 to establish rates that could be
charged in the future.

     Following this decision, the CPUC granted the Company its certificate of
convenience and necessity on December 17, 1998 and approved cost-based rates and
charges for water that exceed what residents were paying under the Company's
reliance on CPUC Section 2705.5. Concurrently, the CPUC also issued an Order
Instituting Investigation ("OII") confirming its exclusive jurisdiction over the
issue of water rates in a submetered system and commencing an investigation into
the confusion and turmoil over billings in submetered properties. Specifically,
the OII states: "The Commission has exclusive and primary jurisdiction over the
establishment of rates for water and sewer services provided by private
entities."

     Specifically, the CPUC ruling regarding the Company's application stated:
"The ultimate question of what fees and charges may or may not be assessed,
beyond external supplier pass-through charges, for in-park facilities when a
mobile home park does not adhere to the provisions of CPUC Section 2705.5, must
be decided by the Commission."

                                      F-21
<PAGE>   54
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 17 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

     After the court of appeal decision, the HOA brought all of its members back
into the underlying civil action for the purpose of determining damages,
including punitive damages, against the Company. The trial was continued from
July 1998 to January 1999 to give the CPUC time to act on the Company's
application. Notwithstanding the action taken by the CPUC in issuing the OII in
December 1998, the trial court denied the Company's motion to dismiss on
jurisdictional grounds and trial commenced before a jury on January 11, 1999.

     Not only did the trial court not consider the Company's motion to dismiss,
the trial court refused to allow evidence of the OII or the Company's CPUC
approval to go before the jury. Notwithstanding the Company's strenuous
objections, the judge also allowed evidence of the Company's and DeAnza's
litigation tactics to be used as evidence of bad faith and oppressive actions
(including evidence of the application to the CPUC requesting a $22.00 readiness
to serve charge). The Company's motion for a mistrial based upon these
evidentiary rulings was denied. On January 22, 1999, the jury returned a verdict
awarding $6.0 million of punitive damages against the Company and DeAnza. The
Company had previously agreed to indemnify DeAnza on the matter.

     The Company has bonded the judgment pending appeal in accordance with
California procedural rules, which require a bond equal to 150% of the amount of
the judgment. Post-judgment interest will accrue at the statutory rate of 10.0%
per annum.

     On April 19, 1999, the trial court denied all of the Company's and DeAnza's
post-trial motions for judgement notwithstanding the verdict, new trial and
remittitur. The trial court also awarded $700,000 of attorneys' fees to
plaintiffs. The Company has appealed the jury verdict and attorneys' fees award
(which also accrues interest at the statutory rate of 10.0% per annum) and the
appeal has been fully briefed by both parties. The Company is awaiting notice of
scheduling of oral argument on the appeal.

     In two related appeals, the Company had argued that the trial court's
ability to enter an award of attorneys' fees in favor of the HOA and to take
certain other actions was preempted by the exercise of exclusive jurisdiction by
the CPUC over the issue of how to set rates for water in a submetered mobile
home park. During 2000, the California court of appeal rejected the Company's
preemption argument with respect to these prior rulings in favor of plaintiffs,
one of which had awarded plaintiffs approximately $100,000 of attorneys' fees.
The California Supreme Court declined to accept the case for review and the
Company paid the judgment, including post-judgment interest thereon, and settled
the matter for approximately $200,000 late in 2000.

     The jury verdict appeal also raises a similar jurisdictional argument as
well as several other arguments for reversal or reduction of the punitive damage
award or for a new trial. An important distinction between the appellate ruling
in 2000 and the preemption issue as it is presented on appeal in the jury
verdict case is that the preemption argument rejected was "retroactive" while
the preemption issue remaining on appeal is prospective. One of the other
arguments raised by the Company in the jury verdict appeal is that punitive
damages are not available in a case brought under Section 798.41 of the
California Mobilehome Residency Law ("MRL") since the MRL contains its own
penalty provisions. Although no assurances can be given, the Company believes
the appeal will be successful.

     Subsequently, in December 2000 the HOA and certain individual residents of
the Property filed a complaint in the Superior Court of California, County of
Santa Cruz (No. CV 139825) against the Company, certain affiliates of the
Company and certain employees of the Company. The new lawsuit seeks damages,
including punitive damages, for intentional infliction of emotional distress,
unfair business practices, and unlawful retaliation purportedly arising from
allegedly retaliatory rent increases which were noticed by the Company to
certain residents in September 2000. The Company believes that the residents who
received rent increase notices with respect to rent increases above those
permitted by the local rent control ordinance were not covered by the ordinance
either because they did not comply with the provisions of the ordinance or
because they are exempted by state law. On December 29, 2000, the Superior Court
of California, County of Santa Cruz enjoined such rent increases. The Company
intends to vigorously defend the matter, which may go to trial in the summer of
2001.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>   55
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 17 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

ELLENBURG COMMUNITIES

     The Company and certain other parties entered into a settlement agreement,
which was approved by the court in April 2000. The settlement resolved
substantially all of the litigation and appeals involving the Ellenburg
Properties, and transactions arising out of the settlement closed on May 22,
2000 (see Note 5).

     In connection with the Ellenburg Acquisition, on September 8, 1999,
Ellenburg Fund 20 ("Fund 20") filed a cross complaint in the Ellenburg
dissolution proceeding against the Company and certain of its affiliates
alleging causes of action for fraud and other claims in connection with the
Ellenburg acquisition. The Company subsequently successfully had the cross
complaint against the Company and its affiliates dismissed with prejudice by the
California Superior Court. However, Fund 20 has appealed. This appeal was not
resolved by the Settlement. The Company believes Fund 20's allegations are
without merit and will vigorously defend itself.

CANDLELIGHT PROPERTIES, L.L.C

     In 1996, 1997 and 1998, the Lending Partnership made loans to Candlelight
Properties, L.L.C. ("Borrower") in the aggregate principal amount of $8,050,000
(collectively, the "Loan". The Loan is secured by a mortgage on Candlelight
Village ("Candlelight"), a Property in Columbus, Indiana, and is guaranteed by
Ronald E. Farren ("Farren"), the 99% owner of Borrower. The Company accounts for
the Loan as an investment in real estate and, accordingly, Candlelight's results
of operations are consolidated with the Company's for financial reporting
purposes. Concurrently with the funding of the Loan, Borrower granted the
Operating Partnership the option to acquire Candlelight upon the maturity of the
Loan. The Operating Partnership notified Borrower that it was exercising its
option to acquire Candlelight in March 1999, and the Loan subsequently matured
on May 3, 1999. However, Borrower failed to repay the Loan and refused to convey
Candlelight to the Operating Partnership.

     Borrower filed suit in the Circuit Court of Bartholomew County, Indiana
("Court") on May 5, 1999, seeking declaratory judgment on the validity of the
exercise of the option. The Lending Partnership filed suit in the Court the next
day, seeking to foreclose its mortgage, and the suits were consolidated
(collectively, the "State Court Litigation") by the Court. The Court issued an
Order on December 1, 1999, finding, among other things, that the Operating
Partnership had validly exercised the option. Both parties filed motions to
correct errors in the Order, and on May 15, 2000, the Court issued judgments
against Borrower and Farren and in favor of the Operating Partnership in the
option case and the Lending Partnership in the foreclosure case. Borrower and
Farren appealed both judgments, and the Court has stayed the judgments pending
such appeals. The Operating Partnership and the Lending Partnership intend to
continue vigorously pursuing this matter and believe that, while no assurance
can be given, such efforts will be successful.

     On May 3, 2000, Hanover Group, Inc. ("Hanover") and Farren filed suit
against the Company and certain executive and senior officers of the Company in
the United States District Court for Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis
Division. The complaint alleges violations of securities laws and fraud arising
from the loan transaction being litigated in the State Court Litigation and
seeks damages, including treble damages. The Company believes that the complaint
is related to rulings made by the Court and is without merit. The Company has
filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings (which has been fully briefed), and
will continue to vigorously defend itself and the officers of the Company.

On May 24, 2000, Hanover and Farren filed suit against the Operating Partnership
in the Superior Court of Marion County, Indiana. The complaint seeks declaratory
relief and specific performance with respect to the Operating Partnership's
alleged obligation to reconvey to Hanover the Operating Partnership's 1%
ownership interest in Borrower. The Company believes that the complaint is
related to rulings made by the Court and is without merit. The parties have
agreed to a stay in this proceeding pending the outcome of the appeals in the
State Court Litigation.

     The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the
ordinary course of business. Management believes that all proceedings herein
described or referred to, taken together, are not expected to have a material
adverse impact on the Company.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>   56
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 18 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     On January 3, 2001, the Company acquired two Florida communities, totaling
729 sites, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $16.3 million.
Golden Lakes is a 421-site community in Plant City, near Tampa, Florida and
includes approximately 23 acres for expansion. Chain O' Lakes is a 308-site
community in Grand Island, near Orlando, Florida, and includes a marina with 50
boat docks.

     On February 13, 2001, the Company closed the sale of seven communities,
totaling 1,282 sites, in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma for a total sale price of
approximately $19.1 million.

                                      F-24
<PAGE>   57
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 19 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

     The following is unaudited quarterly data for 2000, 1999 and 1998 (amounts
in thousands, except for per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   FIRST           SECOND          THIRD          FOURTH
                                                                  QUARTER          QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER
                           2000                                     3/31            6/30           9/30           12/31
                           ----                                     ----            ----           ----           -----
<S>                                                               <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>
Total Revenues.............................................       $57,148          $54,271        $53,875        $55,384
Income before allocation to Minority Interests and
    extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt.....       $10,743          $21,547         $9,715        $10,696
Net income available to common shareholders................        $6,331          $13,921         $5,451         $6,244

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - Basic.........        22,297           21,871         21,166         20,559
Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - Diluted.......        28,242           27,809         27,077         26,520

Net income per Common Share outstanding - Basic............         $0.28            $0.64          $0.26          $0.30
Net income per Common Share outstanding - Diluted..........         $0.28            $0.63          $0.25          $0.30
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   FIRST           SECOND          THIRD          FOURTH
                                                                  QUARTER          QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER
                           1999                                     3/31            6/30            9/30           12/31
                           ----                                     ----            ----           ----           -----
<S>                                                               <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>
Total Revenues.............................................       $54,390          $52,446        $53,537        $54,654
Income before allocation to Minority Interests.............       $10,078           $8,477         $8,417         $7,056
Net income available to common shareholders................        $8,234           $6,968         $6,877         $5,693

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - Basic.........        26,157           25,773         25,613         23,381
Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - Diluted.......        32,340           31,829         31,586         29,281

Net income per Common Share outstanding - Basic............         $0.31            $0.27          $0.27          $0.24
Net income per Common Share outstanding - Diluted..........         $0.31            $0.27          $0.27          $0.24
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   FIRST           SECOND          THIRD          FOURTH
                                                                  QUARTER          QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER
                           1998                                     3/31            6/30           9/30           12/31
                           ----                                     ----            ----           ----           -----
<S>                                                               <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>
Total Revenues.............................................       $44,872          $47,894        $50,809        $51,254
Income before allocation to Minority Interests.............        $9,586           $9,066         $8,440         $8,570
Net income available to common shareholders................        $7,765           $7,343         $6,837         $6,984

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - Basic.........        24,805           25,659         25,988         26,033
Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - Diluted.......        31,095           32,095         32,339         32,382

Net income per Common Share outstanding - Basic............         $0.31            $0.29          $0.26          $0.27
Net income per Common Share outstanding - Diluted..........         $0.31            $0.28          $0.26          $0.26
</TABLE>

                                      F-25
<PAGE>   58
                                   SCHEDULE II
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                        VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                DECEMBER 31, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             ADDITIONS
                                                                             ---------
                                                     BALANCE AT                       CHARGED                           BALANCE AT
                                                      BEGINNING       CHARGED TO      TO OTHER                            END OF
                                                      OF PERIOD         INCOME        ACCOUNTS        DEDUCTIONS(1)       PERIOD
                                                      ---------         ------        --------        -------------       ------
<S>                                                  <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>               <C>
For the year ended December 31, 1998:

     Allowance for doubtful accounts.........          $250,000        $167,774        $    --         ($167,774)        $250,000

For the year ended December 31, 1999:

     Allowance for doubtful accounts.........          $250,000        $413,573        $    --         ($363,573)        $300,000

For the year ended December 31, 2000:

     Allowance for doubtful accounts.........          $300,000        $322,574        $    --         ($322,574)        $300,000
</TABLE>


(1)      Deductions represent tenant receivables deemed uncollectible.

                                      S-1
<PAGE>   59
                                  SCHEDULE III
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                    REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                DECEMBER 31, 2000
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Costs
                                                                                                 Capitalized
                                                                                                Subsequent to
                                                                          Initial Cost to        Acquisition
                                                                              Company           (Improvements)
                                                                              -------           --------------
                                                                                Depreciable            Depreciable
        Real Estate          Location                 Encumbrances       Land    Property     Land      Property
        -----------          --------                 ------------       ----    --------     ----      --------
<S>                          <C>               <C>    <C>               <C>     <C>           <C>      <C>
Apollo Village               Phoenix            AZ               0         932      3,219        0            363
Brentwood Manor              Mesa               AZ           4,701       1,998      6,024        0            240
Carefree Manor               Phoenix            AZ               0         706      3,040        0             85
Casa del Sol #1              Peoria             AZ           6,783       2,215      6,467        0            193
Casa del Sol #2              Glendale           AZ           6,917       2,104      6,283        0            133
Casa del Sol #3              Glendale           AZ               0       2,450      7,452        0             67
Central Park                 Phoenix            AZ           7,182       1,612      3,784        0            387
Desert Skies                 Phoenix            AZ               0         792      3,126        0             42
Fairview Manor               Tucson             AZ               0       1,674      5,100        0            426
Hacienda De Valencia         Mesa               AZ           8,417         833      2,701        0            753
Palm Shadows                 Glendale           AZ           3,208       1,400      4,218        0            288
Sedona Shadows               Sedona             AZ           2,666       1,096      3,431        0            180
Sunrise Heights              Phoenix            AZ               0       1,000      3,016        0            235
The Mark                     Mesa               AZ               0       1,354      4,660        6            615
The Meadows                  Tempe              AZ           9,256       2,613      7,887        0            388
Whispering Palms             Phoenix            AZ               0         670      2,141        0             60
California Hawaiian          San Jose           CA          17,968       5,825     17,755        0            776
Colony Park                  Ceres              CA               0         890      2,837        0             42
Concord Cascade              Pacheco            CA          10,377         985      3,016        0            540
Contempo Marin               San Rafael         CA          16,142       4,788     16,379        0          1,353
Coralwood                    Modesto            CA               0           0      5,047        0            110
Date Palm Country Club       Cathedral City     CA          15,717       4,138     14,064     (23)          1,316
Four Seasons                 Fresno             CA               0         756      2,348        0             90
Laguna Lake                  San Luis Obispo    CA           5,669       2,845      6,520        0             49
Lamplighter                  Spring Valley      CA           9,389         633      2,201        0            436
Meadowbrook                  Santee             CA               0       4,345     13,139        0            232
Monte del Lago               Castroville        CA           8,300       3,150      9,469        0            484
Quail Meadows                Riverbank          CA               0       1,155      3,469        0            137
Nicholson Plaza              San Jose           CA               0           0      4,512        0            (3)
Rancho Mesa                  El Cajon           CA               0       2,130      6,389        0             39
Rancho Valley                El Cajon           CA           4,643         685      1,902        0            367
Royal Holiday                Hemet              CA               0         778      2,643        0            140
Royal Oaks                   Visalia            CA               0         602      1,921        0             88
DeAnza Santa Cruz            Santa Cruz         CA           5,629       2,103      7,201        0          (418)
Santiago Estates             Sylmar             CA               0       3,562     10,767        0            146
Sea Oaks                     Los Osos           CA               0         871      2,703        0            105
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                         Gross Amount Carried
                                                             at Close of
                                                           Period 12/31/00
                                                           ---------------
                                                                  Depreciable              Accumulated     Date of
        Real Estate          Location                   Land       Property      Total    Depreciation   Acquisition
        -----------          --------                   ----       --------      -----    ------------   -----------
<S>                          <C>               <C>     <C>        <C>           <C>       <C>            <C>
Apollo Village               Phoenix            AZ        932          3,582     4,514          (749)        1994
Brentwood Manor              Mesa               AZ      1,998          6,264     8,262        (1,626)        1993
Carefree Manor               Phoenix            AZ        706          3,125     3,831          (312)        1998
Casa del Sol #1              Peoria             AZ      2,215          6,660     8,875          (741)        1996
Casa del Sol #2              Glendale           AZ      2,104          6,416     8,520          (696)        1996
Casa del Sol #3              Glendale           AZ      2,450          7,519     9,969          (649)        1998
Central Park                 Phoenix            AZ      1,612          4,171     5,783        (2,281)        1983
Desert Skies                 Phoenix            AZ        792          3,168     3,960          (310)        1998
Fairview Manor               Tucson             AZ      1,674          5,526     7,200          (519)        1998
Hacienda De Valencia         Mesa               AZ        833          3,454     4,287        (1,787)        1984
Palm Shadows                 Glendale           AZ      1,400          4,506     5,906        (1,155)        1993
Sedona Shadows               Sedona             AZ      1,096          3,611     4,707          (415)        1997
Sunrise Heights              Phoenix            AZ      1,000          3,251     4,251          (744)        1994
The Mark                     Mesa               AZ      1,360          5,275     6,635        (1,086)        1994
The Meadows                  Tempe              AZ      2,613          8,275    10,888        (1,911)        1994
Whispering Palms             Phoenix            AZ        670          2,201     2,871          (218)        1998
California Hawaiian          San Jose           CA      5,825         18,531    24,356        (2,254)        1997
Colony Park                  Ceres              CA        890          2,879     3,769          (277)        1998
Concord Cascade              Pacheco            CA        985          3,556     4,541        (1,878)        1983
Contempo Marin               San Rafael         CA      4,788         17,732    22,520        (3,668)        1994
Coralwood                    Modesto            CA          0          5,157     5,157          (577)        1997
Date Palm Country Club       Cathedral City     CA      4,115         15,380    19,495        (3,191)        1994
Four Seasons                 Fresno             CA        756          2,438     3,194          (278)        1997
Laguna Lake                  San Luis Obispo    CA      2,845          6,569     9,414          (762)        1998
Lamplighter                  Spring Valley      CA        633          2,637     3,270        (1,403)        1983
Meadowbrook                  Santee             CA      4,345         13,371    17,716        (1,217)        1998
Monte del Lago               Castroville        CA      3,150          9,953    13,103        (1,113)        1997
Quail Meadows                Riverbank          CA      1,155          3,606     4,761          (329)        1998
Nicholson Plaza              San Jose           CA          0          4,509     4,509          (504)        1997
Rancho Mesa                  El Cajon           CA      2,130          6,428     8,558          (600)        1998
Rancho Valley                El Cajon           CA        685          2,269     2,954        (1,231)        1983
Royal Holiday                Hemet              CA        778          2,783     3,561             58        1998
Royal Oaks                   Visalia            CA        602          2,009     2,611          (223)        1997
DeAnza Santa Cruz            Santa Cruz         CA      2,103          6,783     8,886        (1,402)        1994
Santiago Estates             Sylmar             CA      3,562         10,913    14,475          (867)        1998
Sea Oaks                     Los Osos           CA        871          2,808     3,679          (310)        1997
</TABLE>

                                      S-2
<PAGE>   60
                                  SCHEDULE III
                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                    REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               DECEMBER 31, 2000
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        Costs
                                                                                                     Capitalized
                                                                                                    Subsequent to
                                                                            Initial Cost to          Acquisition
                                                                                Company             (Improvements)
                                                                                -------             --------------
                                                                                    Depreciable             Depreciable
        Real Estate          Location                 Encumbrances        Land       Property      Land      Property
        -----------          --------                 ------------        ----       --------      ----      --------
<S>                          <C>               <C>    <C>               <C>         <C>           <C>       <C>
Sunshadow                    San Jose           CA               0           0           5,707        0             73
Westwinds (4 properties)     San Jose           CA               0           0          17,616        0          3,946
Bear Creek                   Sheridan           CO               0       1,100           3,359        0             69
Cimarron                     Broomfield         CO           8,083         863           2,790        0            410
Golden Terrace               Golden             CO           8,038         826           2,415        0            306
Golden Terrace South         Golden             CO           2,400         750           2,265        0            341
Golden Terrace West          Golden             CO           9,733       1,694           5,065        0            723
Hillcrest Village            Aurora             CO          15,470       1,912           5,202      289          1,744
Holiday Hills                Denver             CO          19,429       2,159           7,780        0          2,695
Holiday Village CO           Co. Springs        CO           6,261         567           1,759        0            425
Pueblo Grande                Pueblo             CO           3,475         241           1,069        0            287
Woodland Hills               Denver             CO               0       1,928           4,408        0          2,060
Aspen                        Rehoboth           DE               0       1,148           3,460        0            114
Camelot Acres                Rehoboth           DE           7,000       1,778           5,423        0            218
Mariners Cove                Millsboro          DE               0         990           2,971        0          2,738
McNicol                      Rehoboth           DE               0         563           1,710        0             37
Sweetbriar                   Rehoboth           DE               0         498           1,527        0             95
Waterford                    Bear               DE               0       5,250          16,202        0            271
Whispering Pines             Lewes              DE               0       1,536           4,609        0            638
Arrowhead                    Lantana            FL               0       5,325          15,420        0            535
Bay Indies                   Venice             FL          23,000      10,483           3,390        0         29,290
Bay Lake Estates             Nokomis            FL           4,691         990           3,304        0           (24)
Buccaneer                    N. Ft. Myers       FL          19,702       4,207          14,410        0            668
Bulow Village                Flagler Beach      FL           1,220       3,637             949        0          3,266
Carriage Cove                Daytona Beach      FL           8,281       2,914           8,682        0            218
Colonies of Margate          Margate            FL          16,887       5,890          20,211        0            781
Coquina                      St Augustine       FL               0       5,286           5,545        0          1,611
Country Meadows              Plant City         FL               0       4,514          13,542        0            575
Country Place                New Port Richey    FL           4,006         663               0       18          5,992
Country Side North           Vero Beach         FL               0       3,711          11,133        0            608
East Bay Oaks                Largo              FL           6,671       1,240           3,322        0            314
Eldorado Village             Largo              FL           4,574         778               0        0          2,607
Heritage Village             Vero Beach         FL               0       2,403           7,259        0            248
Hillcrest                    Clearwater         FL               0       1,278           3,928        0            148
Holiday Ranch                Largo              FL               0         925           2,866        0             90
Holiday Village FL           Vero Beach         FL               0         350           1,374        0             88
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                        Gross Amount Carried
                                                            at Close of
                                                          Period 12/31/00
                                                          ---------------
                                                                  Depreciable             Accumulated      Date of
        Real Estate          Location                   Land        Property    Total     Depreciation   Acquisition
        -----------          --------                   ----        --------    -----     ------------   -----------
<S>                          <C>               <C>    <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>            <C>
Sunshadow                    San Jose           CA         0          5,780     5,780          (646)        1997
Westwinds (4 properties)     San Jose           CA         0         21,562    21,562        (2,142)        1997
Bear Creek                   Sheridan           CO     1,100          3,428     4,528          (338)        1998
Cimarron                     Broomfield         CO       863          3,200     4,063        (1,739)        1983
Golden Terrace               Golden             CO       826          2,721     3,547        (1,406)        1983
Golden Terrace South         Golden             CO       750          2,606     3,356          (301)        1997
Golden Terrace West          Golden             CO     1,694          5,788     7,482        (2,565)        1986
Hillcrest Village            Aurora             CO     2,201          6,946     9,147        (3,593)        1983
Holiday Hills                Denver             CO     2,159         10,475    12,634        (5,240)        1983
Holiday Village CO           Co. Springs        CO       567          2,184     2,751        (1,170)        1983
Pueblo Grande                Pueblo             CO       241          1,356     1,597          (724)        1983
Woodland Hills               Denver             CO     1,928          6,468     8,396        (1,517)        1994
Aspen                        Rehoboth           DE     1,148          3,574     4,722          (366)        1998
Camelot Acres                Rehoboth           DE       527          2,569     3,096        (1,346)        1983
Mariners Cove                Millsboro          DE       990          5,709     6,699        (1,821)        1987
McNicol                      Rehoboth           DE       563          1,747     2,310          (173)        1998
Sweetbriar                   Rehoboth           DE       498          1,622     2,120          (154)        1998
Waterford                    Bear               DE     5,250         16,473    21,723        (1,617)        1996
Whispering Pines             Lewes              DE     1,536          5,247     6,783        (2,034)        1998
Arrowhead                    Lantana            FL     5,325         15,955    21,280        (1,724)        1997
Bay Indies                   Venice             FL    10,483         32,680    43,163        (7,502)        1994
Bay Lake Estates             Nokomis            FL       990          3,280     4,270          (819)        1994
Buccaneer                    N. Ft. Myers       FL     4,207         15,078    19,285        (3,181)        1994
Bulow Village                Flagler Beach      FL     3,637          4,215     7,852          (606)        1994
Carriage Cove                Daytona Beach      FL     2,914          8,900    11,814          (889)        1998
Colonies of Margate          Margate            FL     5,890         20,992    26,882        (4,450)        1994
Coquina                      St Augustine       FL     5,286          7,156    12,442          (181)        1999
Country Meadows              Plant City         FL     4,514         14,117    18,631        (1,434)        1998
Country Place                New Port Richey    FL       681          5,992     6,673        (1,737)        1986
Country Side North           Vero Beach         FL     3,711         11,741    15,452        (1,180)        1998
East Bay Oaks                Largo              FL     1,240          3,636     4,876        (2,018)        1983
Eldorado Village             Largo              FL       778          2,607     3,385        (1,443)        1983
Heritage Village             Vero Beach         FL     2,403          7,507     9,910        (1,677)        1994
Hillcrest                    Clearwater         FL     1,278          4,076     5,354          (395)        1998
Holiday Ranch                Largo              FL       925          2,956     3,881          (291)        1998
Holiday Village FL           Vero Beach         FL       350          1,462     1,812           (99)        1998
</TABLE>

                                      S-3
<PAGE>   61
                                  SCHEDULE III
                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                    REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               DECEMBER 31, 2000
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                         Costs
                                                                                                      Capitalized
                                                                                                     Subsequent to
                                                                            Initial Cost to           Acquisition
                                                                                Company              (Improvements)
                                                                                -------              --------------
                                                                                   Depreciable             Depreciable
        Real Estate          Location                 Encumbrances        Land       Property     Land      Property
        -----------          --------                 ------------        ----       --------     ----      --------
<S>                          <C>               <C>    <C>               <C>        <C>           <C>       <C>
Indian Oaks                  Rockledge          FL           1,658       1,089          3,376        0           536
Lake Fairways                N. Ft. Myers       FL               0       6,075         18,134        0           480
Lake Haven                   Dunedin            FL           8,068       1,135          4,047        0           482
Lakewood Village             Melbourne          FL               0       1,863          5,627        0           263
Landings                     Port Orange        FL               0       2,446          7,483        0           294
Mid-Florida Lakes            Leesburg           FL          25,330       5,997         20,635        0         2,184
Oak Bend                     Ocala              FL               0         850          2,572        0           466
Pickwick                     Port Orange        FL           6,374       2,803          8,497        0           173
Pine Lakes                   N. Ft. Myers       FL               0       6,306         14,579        0         4,636
Sherwood Forest              Kissimmee          FL          10,012       4,852         14,596        0         1,852
Sherwood Forest RV Park      Kissimmee          FL               0       2,870          3,621      568           347
Southern Palms               Eustis             FL               0       2,169          6,492        0           325
Spanish Oaks                 Ocala              FL           7,570       2,250          6,922        0           394
Sunset Oaks                  Plant City         FL               0       1,111          2,513    (340)           120
The Heritage                 N. Ft. Myers       FL               0       1,438          4,371      249         1,838
The Meadows, FL              Palm Beach         FL           6,246       3,229          9,870        0          (69)
                             Gardens
Windmill Manor               Bradenton          FL           4,285       2,153          6,842        0           126
Windmill Village - Ft. Myers N. Ft. Myers       FL           9,402       1,417          5,440        0           827
Windmill Village North       Sarasota           FL           9,065       1,523          5,063        0           462
Windmill Village South       Sarasota           FL           5,561       1,106          3,162        0           223
Five Seasons                 Cedar Rapids       IA               0       1,053          3,436        0           421
Holiday Village, IA          Sioux City         IA               0         313          3,744        0           319
Golf Vistas                  Monee              IL               0       2,843          4,719        0         2,476
Willow Lake Estates          Elgin              IL          21,578       6,138         21,033        0         1,405
Burns Harbor Estates         Chesterton         IN               0         916          2,909        0         1,363
Candlelight Village          Columbus           IN               0       1,513          4,538      250         1,949
Oak Tree Village             Portage            IN           6,089           0              0      569         3,400
Windsong                     Indianapolis       IN               0       1,482          4,480        0           104
Bonner Springs               Bonner Springs     KS               0         343          1,041        0           200
Carriage Park                Kansas City        KS               0         309            938        0           418
Quivira Hills                Kansas City        KS               0         376          1,139        0           184
Pheasant Ridge               Mt. Airy           MD               0         376          1,779        0           181
Creekside                    Wyoming            MI               0       1,109          3,416        0           163
Camelot                      Burnsville         MN               0         527          2,058        0           511
Briarwood                    Brookline          MO               0         423          1,282        0           189
Dellwood Estates             Warrensburg        MO               0         300            912        0           110
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                        Gross Amount Carried
                                                            at Close of
                                                          Period 12/31/00
                                                          ---------------
                                                                Depreciable             Accumulated      Date of
        Real Estate          Location                   Land      Property     Total    Depreciation   Acquisition
        -----------          --------                   ----      --------     -----    ------------   -----------
<S>                          <C>               <C>    <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>            <C>
Indian Oaks                  Rockledge          FL     1,089         3,912     5,001          (375)       1998
Lake Fairways                N. Ft. Myers       FL     6,075        18,614    24,689        (3,852)       1994
Lake Haven                   Dunedin            FL     1,135         4,529     5,664        (2,470)       1983
Lakewood Village             Melbourne          FL     1,863         5,890     7,753        (1,320)       1994
Landings                     Port Orange        FL     2,446         7,777    10,223          (788)       1998
Mid-Florida Lakes            Leesburg           FL     5,997        22,819    28,816        (4,677)       1994
Oak Bend                     Ocala              FL       850         3,038     3,888          (731)       1993
Pickwick                     Port Orange        FL     2,803         8,670    11,473          (860)       1998
Pine Lakes                   N. Ft. Myers       FL     6,306        19,215    25,521        (3,839)       1994
Sherwood Forest              Kissimmee          FL     4,852        16,448    21,300        (1,462)       1998
Sherwood Forest RV Park      Kissimmee          FL     3,438         3,968     7,406          (342)       1998
Southern Palms               Eustis             FL     2,169         6,817     8,986          (406)       1998
Spanish Oaks                 Ocala              FL     2,250         7,316     9,566        (1,734)       1993
Sunset Oaks                  Plant City         FL       771         2,633     3,404          (194)       1998
The Heritage                 N. Ft. Myers       FL     1,687         6,209     7,896        (1,415)       1993
The Meadows, FL              Palm Beach         FL     3,229         9,801    13,030          (477)       1999
                             Gardens
Windmill Manor               Bradenton          FL     2,153         6,968     9,121          (694)       1998
Windmill Village - Ft. Myers N. Ft. Myers       FL     1,417         6,267     7,684        (3,319)       1983
Windmill Village North       Sarasota           FL     1,523         5,525     7,048        (3,025)       1983
Windmill Village South       Sarasota           FL     1,106         3,385     4,491        (1,900)       1983
Five Seasons                 Cedar Rapids       IA     1,053         3,857     4,910          (412)       1998
Holiday Village, IA          Sioux City         IA       313         4,063     4,376        (1,914)       1986
Golf Vistas                  Monee              IL     2,843         7,195    10,038          (642)       1997
Willow Lake Estates          Elgin              IL     6,138        22,438    28,576        (4,621)       1994
Burns Harbor Estates         Chesterton         IN       916         4,272     5,188        (1,015)       1993
Candlelight Village          Columbus           IN     1,763         6,487     8,250          (661)       1996
Oak Tree Village             Portage            IN       569         3,400     3,969        (1,092)       1987
Windsong                     Indianapolis       IN     1,482         4,584     6,066          (401)       1998
Bonner Springs               Bonner Springs     KS       343         1,241     1,584          (448)       1989
Carriage Park                Kansas City        KS       309         1,356     1,665          (507)       1989
Quivira Hills                Kansas City        KS       376         1,323     1,699          (480)       1989
Pheasant Ridge               Mt. Airy           MD       376         1,960     2,336        (1,150)       1988
Creekside                    Wyoming            MI     1,109         3,579     4,688          (351)       1998
Camelot                      Burnsville         MN     1,778         5,641     7,419          (564)       1998
Briarwood                    Brookline          MO       423         1,471     1,894          (545)       1989
Dellwood Estates             Warrensburg        MO       300         1,022     1,322          (378)       1989
</TABLE>

                                      S-4
<PAGE>   62
                                  SCHEDULE III
                      MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                    REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               DECEMBER 31, 2000
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        Costs
                                                                                                     Capitalized
                                                                                                     Subsequent to
                                                                            Initial Cost to          Acquisition
                                                                                Company             (Improvements)
                                                                                -------             --------------
                                                                                   Depreciable            Depreciable
        Real Estate          Location                 Encumbrances        Land       Property     Land     Property
        -----------          --------                 ------------        ----       --------     ----     --------
<S>                          <C>               <C>    <C>              <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
North Star                   Kansas City        MO               0         451          1,365        0           263
Casa Village                 Billings           MT           8,037       1,011          3,109      181         1,654
Del Rey                      Albuquerque        NM               0       1,926          5,800        0           534
Bonanza                      Las Vegas          NV           9,984         908          2,643        0           542
Boulder Cascade              Las Vegas          NV           8,027       2,995          9,020        0           399
Cabana                       Las Vegas          NV               0       2,648          7,989        0           136
Flamingo West                Las Vegas          NV               0       1,730          5,266        0           585
Villa Borega                 Las Vegas          NV           7,598       2,896          8,774        0           124
Brook Gardens                Lackawanna         NY               0       3,828         11,045        0           311
Greenwood                    Manorville         NY               0       3,667         11,361        0           539
Rockwood                     Tulsa              OK               0         645          1,622        0           290
Falcon Wood Village          Eugene             OR               7       1,112          3,426        0            63
Quail Hollow                 Fairview           OR               0           0          3,249        0            69
Shadowbrook                  Clackamas          OR               0       1,197          3,693        0            68
Green Acres                  Breinigsville      PA          16,007       2,680          7,479        0         1,992
Fun n Sun RV Park            San Benito         TX               0       2,533          7,572        0           567
All Seasons                  Salt Lake City     UT               0         510          1,623        0           112
Westwood Village             Farr West          UT               0       1,346          4,179        0           845
Meadows of Chantilly         Chantilly          VA               0       5,430         16,440        0         1,321
Kloshe Illahee               Federal Way        WA           6,580       2,408          7,286        0            49
Independence Hill            Morgantown         WV               0         299            898        0           198
College Heights Consolidated (18 properties)   Various      66,484      17,045         71,382        0           523
Management Business          Chicago            IL               0           0            436        0         6,703
                                                          --------    --------       --------   ------      --------
                                                          $555,847    $270,055       $824,426   $1,767      $121,928
                                                          ========    ========       ========   ======      ========
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                         Gross Amount Carried
                                                              at Close of
                                                            Period 12/31/00
                                                            ---------------
                                                                   Depreciable              Accumulated     Date of
        Real Estate          Location                     Land      Property     Total     Depreciation   Acquisition
        -----------          --------                     ----      --------     -----     ------------   -----------
<S>                          <C>               <C>    <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>
North Star                   Kansas City        MO         451         1,628     2,079          (601)           1989
Casa Village                 Billings           MT       1,192         4,763     5,955        (2,173)           1983
Del Rey                      Albuquerque        NM       1,926         6,334     8,260        (1,646)           1993
Bonanza                      Las Vegas          NV         908         3,185     4,093        (1,668)           1983
Boulder Cascade              Las Vegas          NV       2,995         9,419    12,414          (846)           1998
Cabana                       Las Vegas          NV       2,648         8,125    10,773        (1,791)           1994
Flamingo West                Las Vegas          NV       1,730         5,851     7,581        (1,207)           1994
Villa Borega                 Las Vegas          NV       2,896         8,898    11,794        (1,006)           1997
Brook Gardens                Lackawanna         NY       3,828        11,356    15,184        (1,169)           1998
Greenwood                    Manorville         NY       3,667        11,900    15,567        (1,130)           1998
Rockwood                     Tulsa              OK         645         1,912     2,557        (1,022)           1983
Falcon Wood Village          Eugene             OR       1,112         3,489     4,601          (389)           1997
Quail Hollow                 Fairview           OR           0         3,318     3,318          (372)           1997
Shadowbrook                  Clackamas          OR       1,197         3,761     4,958          (438)           1997
Green Acres                  Breinigsville      PA       2,680         9,471    12,151        (3,673)           1988
Fun n Sun RV Park            San Benito         TX       2,533         8,139    10,672          (841)           1998
All Seasons                  Salt Lake City     UT         510         1,735     2,245          (204)           1997
Westwood Village             Farr West          UT       1,346         5,024     6,370          (547)           1997
Meadows of Chantilly         Chantilly          VA       5,430        17,761    23,191        (4,045)           1994
Kloshe Illahee               Federal Way        WA       2,408         7,335     9,743          (821)           1997
Independence Hill            Morgantown         WV         299         1,096     1,395          (403)           1990
College Heights Consolidated (18 properties)   Various  17,045        71,905    88,950        (5,904)           1998
Management Business          Chicago           IL           0         7,139     7,139        (4,880)
                                                      --------      -------- ----------    ---------
                                                      $271,822      $946,354 $1,218,176    ($181,580)
                                                      ========      ======== ==========    =========
</TABLE>


NOTES:

(1)  For depreciable property, the Company uses a 30-year estimated life for
     buildings acquired and structural and land improvements, a ten-to-fifteen
     year estimated life for building upgrades and a three-to-seven year
     estimated life for furniture and fixtures.

(2)  The schedule excludes five Properties in which the Company has a
     non-controlling joint venture interest and accounts for using the equity
     method of accounting.

(3)  The balance of furniture and fixtures included in the total amounts was
     approximately $12.2 million as of December 31, 2000.

(4)  The aggregate cost of land and depreciable property for Federal income tax
     purposes was approximately $1.1 billion, as of December 31, 2000.

(5)  All Properties were acquired, except for Country Place Village, which was
     constructed.

                                      S-5
<PAGE>   63
                                  SCHEDULE III
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                    REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                DECEMBER 31, 2000
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

          The changes in total real estate for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        2000              1999              1998
                                        ----              ----              ----
<S>                                 <C>               <C>               <C>
Balance, beginning of year ......   $ 1,264,343       $ 1,237,431       $   936,318
    Acquisitions (1) ............        (4,581)           12,496           286,880
    Improvements ................        16,261            16,700            14,566
    Dispositions (2) and other ..       (57,847)           (2,284)             (333)
                                    -----------       -----------       -----------
Balance, end of year ............   $ 1,218,176       $ 1,264,343       $ 1,237,431
                                    ===========       ===========       ===========
</TABLE>

(1)  Acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2000 include return of escrow
     proceeds.

(2)  Dispositions includes the non-cash assumption of $19.0 million of debt by
     the purchaser of a Property.




          The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December
31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   2000            1999            1998
                                   ----            ----            ----
<S>                             <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance, beginning of year ..   $ 150,757       $ 118,021       $  89,208
    Depreciation expense ....      35,548          35,020          29,146
    Dispositions and other ..      (4,725)         (2,284)           (333)
                                ---------       ---------       ---------
Balance, end of year ........   $ 181,580       $ 150,757       $ 118,021
                                =========       =========       =========
</TABLE>

                                      S-6


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.35
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>c61160ex10-35.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2ND AMEND. TO 2ND AMENDED & RESTATED CREDIT AGMT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

EXHIBIT 10.35

                           SECOND AMENDMENT TO SECOND
                      AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT


            THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT
AGREEMENT is dated as of August 9, 2000 (this "Amendment"), and is among MHC
OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, an Illinois limited partnership ("Borrower"),
MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (the "REIT"), each
of the undersigned "Lenders", WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its
capacity as "Agent", "Swingline Lender" and "Issuing Lender", BANK OF AMERICA
NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as "Syndication Agent",
and MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as "Documentation Agent".
Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement referenced below.

            WHEREAS, certain of the parties hereto have previously entered into
that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 28,
1998 (as heretofore amended, the "Credit Agreement");

            WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement has been previously amended by that
certain First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as
of December 18, 1998;

            WHEREAS, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, New York Branch, has
succeeded to the rights and obligations of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft,
Chicago Branch under the Credit Agreement;

            WHEREAS, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York ("Morgan") has
assigned to LaSalle Bank National Association ("LaSalle") a portion of its
Commitment in the amount of Eight Million Three Hundred Thirty Three Thousand
Three Hundred Thirty Three and 34/100 Dollars ($8,333,333.34), thereby
increasing the Commitment of LaSalle to Thirty Three Million Three Hundred
Thirty Three Thousand Three Hundred Thirty Three and 34/100 Dollars
($33,333,333.34);

            WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to (i) reduce the amount of the
Facility from One Hundred Seventy Five Million Dollars ($175,000,000) to One
Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($150,000,000), (ii) terminate the remaining
Commitment of Morgan, (iii) appoint LaSalle as the replacement Documentation
Agent, (iv) appoint Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. ("Wells Fargo") as "Sole Lead
Arranger" for the Facility, and (v) otherwise amend the Credit Agreement as
provided herein.
<PAGE>   2
            NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

            1. DEFINITIONS. Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended as follows:

                  a. APPLICABLE MARGIN. The last sentence of the definition of
      "Applicable Margin" is hereby deleted in its entirety.

                  b. DEBT SERVICE. The definition of "Debt Service" is hereby
      deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Debt Service" means, for any period, Interest Expense for
            such period plus scheduled principal amortization (exclusive of
            Balloon Payments) for such period on all Indebtedness of the REIT,
            on a consolidated basis.

                  c. EBITDA. The definition of "EBITDA" is hereby amended to add
      the following language after clause (vi) thereof and before the period:

                  ", plus (or minus in the case of a loss) (vii) Borrower's
      Share of the net income (or loss) of each Investment Affiliate for such
      period calculated in conformity with GAAP before depreciation, minus (or
      plus in the case of a loss) (viii) Borrower's Share of the gains (or
      losses) from extraordinary or unusual items or asset sales or write-ups or
      forgiveness of indebtedness included in the calculation of the net income
      of each Investment Affiliate for such period."

                  d. FIRST EXTENDED MATURITY DATE. The following defined term is
      hereby added:

                  "First Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning set forth in
            Section 3.01.

                  e. GROSS ASSET VALUE. The parenthetical phrase in the
      definition of "Gross Asset Value" is hereby deleted and replaced with the
      following language: "(subject to the last sentence of Section 9.08)".

                  f. INITIAL MATURITY DATE. The following defined term is hereby
      added:

                  "Initial Maturity Date" means August 9, 2003.

                  g. INTEREST EXPENSE. The definition of "Interest Expense" is
      hereby deleted and replaced with the following language:


                                       2
<PAGE>   3
                  "Interest Expense" means, for any period and without
            duplication, total interest expense, whether paid, accrued or
            capitalized (including the interest component of Capital Leases but
            excluding interest expense covered by an interest reserve
            established under a loan facility) of the REIT, on a consolidated
            basis and determined in accordance with GAAP.

                  h. LOANS. The definition of "Loans" is hereby deleted in its
      entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Loans" means the loans made pursuant to the Facility,
            including, without limitation, loans made pursuant to Section 2.01
            hereof, Swingline Loans and Loans made pursuant to Mandatory
            Borrowings.

                  i. MATURITY DATE. The definition of "Maturity Date" is hereby
      deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Maturity Date" means the Initial Maturity Date as such date
            may be extended pursuant to Article III.

                  j. NET INCOME. The definition of "Net Income" is hereby
      amended to add the following language at the end thereof and before the
      period:

            "; provided, however, that Net Income shall not include the net
            income (or loss) of Investment Affiliates"

                  k. NET WORTH. The definition of "Net Worth" is hereby amended
      to delete the last sentence thereof in its entirety and to replace the
      reference to "September 30, 1996" with "March 31, 2000."

                  l. NON-MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITY PROPERTY. The definition of
      "Non-Manufactured Home Community Property" is hereby amended to delete the
      word "or" before clause (v) thereof and replace it with a comma, and to
      add the following language at the end thereof before the period: "or (vi)
      Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interests."

                  m. NON-RECOURSE INDEBTEDNESS. The definition of "Non-Recourse
      Indebtedness" is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

                  "Non-Recourse Indebtedness" means any single loan with respect
            to which recourse for payment is limited to specific assets related
            to a particular Property or group of Properties encumbered by a Lien
            securing such Indebtedness, so long as the Adjusted Asset Value for
            such Property, or the total of the Adjusted Asset Values for such
            group of Properties, does not exceed One Hundred Million


                                       3
<PAGE>   4
            Dollars ($100,000,000); provided, however, that personal recourse to
            the REIT, Borrower or any Subsidiary by a holder of any such loan
            for fraud, misrepresentation, misapplication of cash, waste,
            environmental claims and liabilities and other circumstances
            customarily excluded by institutional lenders from exculpation
            provisions and/or included in separate indemnification agreements in
            non-recourse financing of real estate shall not, by itself, prevent
            such loan from being characterized as Non-Recourse Indebtedness.

                  n. PRE-EXTENSION TERM LOAN. The definition of "Pre-Extension
      Term Loan" is hereby deleted in its entirety.

                  o. RECOURSE INDEBTEDNESS. The following defined term is hereby
      add:

                  "Recourse Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person,
            Indebtedness which is not Non-Recourse Indebtedness.

                  p. REQUISITE LENDERS. The definition of "Requisite Lenders" is
      hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Requisite Lenders" means, collectively Lenders whose Pro Rata
            Shares, in the aggregate, are at least sixty-six and two-thirds
            percent (66 2/3%); provided, however, that, in determining such
            percentage at any given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders
            will be disregarded and excluded and the Pro Rata Shares of Lenders
            shall be redetermined, for voting purposes only, to exclude the Pro
            Rata Shares of such Defaulting Lenders; and provided, further, that,
            so long as there are at least two (2) Lenders who are not Defaulting
            Lenders, the Requisite Lenders must be comprised of a minimum of two
            (2) Lenders; and provided, further, that for purposes of any
            amendment, modification or waiver of the requirements of Article IX,
            the Requisite Lenders must include Agent in its capacity as a Lender
            (provided Agent is not a Defaulting Lender)."

                  q. SECOND EXTENDED MATURITY DATE. The following defined term
      is hereby added:

                  "Second Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning set forth in
            Section 3.02.

                  r. SUPERMAJORITY LENDERS. The definition of "Supermajority
      Lenders" is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following
      language:

                  "Supermajority Lenders" means, collectively Lenders whose Pro
            Rata Shares, in the aggregate, are at least eight five percent
            (85%); provided, however,


                                       4
<PAGE>   5
            that, in determining such percentage at any given time, all then
            existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded and the
            Pro Rata Shares of Lenders shall be redetermined, for voting
            purposes only, to exclude the Pro Rata Shares of such Defaulting
            Lenders; and provided, further, that, so long as there are at least
            two (2) Lenders who are not Defaulting Lenders, the Supermajority
            Lenders must be comprised of a minimum of two (2) Lenders; and
            provided, further, that for purposes of any amendment, modification
            or waiver of the requirements of Article IX, the Supermajority
            Lenders must include Agent in its capacity as a Lender (provided
            Agent is not a Defaulting Lender)."

                  s. TAXABLE REIT SUBSIDIARY INTERESTS. The following defined
      term is hereby added:

                  "Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interests" means equity interests in
            Subsidiaries not engaged in the development, ownership or operation
            of real estate and permitted to be held by Borrower and the REIT
            pursuant to Section 856(l) of the Internal Revenue Code (as amended
            from time to time) without violating the REIT's status as a real
            estate investment trust."

                  t. TOTAL LIABILITIES. The definition of "Total Liabilities" is
      hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Total Liabilities" means, without duplication, all
            Indebtedness of the REIT, on a consolidated basis, plus all other
            items which, in accordance with GAAP, would be included as
            liabilities on the liability side of the balance sheet of the REIT
            (including, without limitation, accounts payable incurred in the
            ordinary course of business), on a consolidated basis; provided,
            however, that "Total Liabilities" shall not include dividends
            declared by the REIT or Borrower which are permitted under Section
            8.01(d) but not yet paid.

                  u. WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY. The following defined term is
      hereby added:

                  "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary which is
            wholly-owned directly or indirectly by Borrower or the REIT.

            2. SWINGLINE LOANS. The last sentence of Section 2.10(b)(ii) of the
Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following: "Swingline Loans shall be available no more frequently than six (6)
times in any month."

            3. PRE-EXTENSION TERM LOAN. Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety.


                                       5
<PAGE>   6
            4. EXTENSION OPTIONS. Sections 3.01 and 3.02 of the Credit Agreement
are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  3.01. First Extension Option. At the written request of
      Borrower made at least thirty (30) days prior to the Initial Maturity
      Date, the Maturity Date shall be extended to the one-year anniversary of
      the Initial Maturity Date (the "First Extended Maturity Date") provided
      that the following conditions are satisfied:

                        (a) no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default
            shall have occurred and be continuing as of the Initial Maturity
            Date;

                        (b) all representations and warranties contained in this
            Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in
            all material respects as of the Initial Maturity Date except to the
            extent they related to a specific date;

                        (c) Agent shall have received Officer's Certificates of
            the REIT dated as of the Initial Maturity Date stating that the
            executive officer who is the signatory thereto, which officer shall
            be the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the
            REIT, has reviewed, or caused under his supervision to be reviewed,
            the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and has
            made, or caused to be made under his supervision, a review in
            reasonable detail of the transactions and condition of Borrower, the
            REIT, the Subsidiaries, and the Agreement Parties, and that (A) such
            review has not disclosed the existence as of the date of such
            Officer's Certificate, and that the signers do not have knowledge of
            the existence as of the date of such Officer's Certificate, of any
            condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or
            Unmatured Event of Default and (B) all representations and
            warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
            are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such
            Officer's Certificate except to the extent they relate to a specific
            date; and

                        (d) on or before the Initial Maturity Date, Agent shall
            have received, on behalf of Agent and Lenders, an extension fee in
            the amount of one-fourth of one percent (0.25%) of the amount of the
            Facility.

                  3.02. Second Extension Option. At the written request of
      Borrower made at least thirty (30) days prior to the First Extended
      Maturity Date, the Maturity Date shall be further extended to the one-year
      anniversary of the First Extended Maturity Date (the "Second Extended
      Maturity Date") provided that the following conditions are satisfied:

                        (a)   no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default
            shall have occurred and be continuing as of the First Extended
            Maturity Date;


                                       6
<PAGE>   7
                        (b) all representations and warranties contained in this
            Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in
            all material respects as of the First Extended Maturity Date except
            to the extent they related to a specific date;

                        (c) Agent shall have received Officer's Certificates of
            the REIT dated as of the First Extended Maturity Date stating that
            the executive officer who is the signatory thereto, which officer
            shall be the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer
            of the REIT, has reviewed, or caused under his supervision to be
            reviewed, the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
            and has made, or caused to be made under his supervision, a review
            in reasonable detail of the transactions and condition of Borrower,
            the REIT, the Subsidiaries, and the Agreement Parties, and that (A)
            such review has not disclosed the existence as of the date of such
            Officer's Certificate, and that the signers do not have knowledge of
            the existence as of the date of such Officer's Certificate, of any
            condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or
            Unmatured Event of Default and (B) all representations and
            warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
            are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such
            Officer's Certificate except to the extent they relate to a specific
            date; and

                        (d) on or before the First Extended Maturity Date, Agent
            shall have received, on behalf of Agent and Lenders, an extension
            fee in the amount of thirty-five hundredths of one percent (0.35%)
            of the amount of the Facility.

            5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Subsections 5.01(x) and 5.02(t)
of the Credit Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

            6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Article VIII of the Credit Agreement is
hereby amended as follows:

                  a. BORROWER'S COVENANT WITH RESPECT TO INDEBTEDNESS.
      Subsection 8.01(a) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
      following language:

                        (a) Indebtedness. Borrower shall not, and shall not
            permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly create,
            incur, assume or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly
            liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except:

                        (i) the Obligations;


                                       7
<PAGE>   8

                        (ii) trade debt incurred in the normal course of
                  business;

                        (iii) intercompany payables and receivables owing
                  between Subsidiaries in the nature of trade debt incurred in
                  the normal course of business;

                        (iv) Indebtedness which, after giving effect thereto,
                  may be incurred or may remain outstanding without giving rise
                  to an event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default under any
                  provision of Articles VIII and IX; provided, however, that (A)
                  Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its
                  Subsidiaries to, guarantee or otherwise become or remain
                  directly or indirectly liable with respect to the Indebtedness
                  of any Investment Affiliate, and (B) Borrower shall not permit
                  any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or
                  otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with
                  respect to, any Recourse Indebtedness in excess of Ten Million
                  Dollars ($10,000,000) per Wholly-Owned Subsidiary at any time
                  or Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000) in the aggregate for
                  all Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at any time.

            b. BORROWER'S COVENANT WITH RESPECT TO LIENS. Clause (iii) of
      Subsection 8.01(b) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
      following language:

                        (iii) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be
                  incurred and remain outstanding pursuant to Section
                  8.01(a)(iv).

            c. REIT'S COVENANT WITH RESPECT TO INDEBTEDNESS. Subsection 8.02(a)
      is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following
      language:

                        (a) Indebtedness. The REIT shall not, and shall not
            permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly create,
            incur, assume or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly
            liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except:

                        (i) the Obligations; and

                        (ii) Indebtedness which, after giving effect thereto,
            may be incurred or may remain outstanding without giving rise to an
            event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default under any provision
            of Articles VIII and IX; provided, however, that (A) the REIT shall
            not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, guarantee or
            otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with
            respect to the Indebtedness of any Investment Affiliate, and (B) the
            REIT shall not permit any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to create, incur,
            assume or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable
            with respect to, any


                                       8
<PAGE>   9
            Recourse Indebtedness in excess of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000)
            per Wholly-Owned Subsidiary at any time or Thirty Million Dollars
            ($30,000,000) in the aggregate for all Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at
            any time.

            7. FINANCIAL COVENANTS. Article IX of the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended as follows:

                  a. SECURED DEBT TO GROSS ASSET VALUE. The numerical reference
      in Section 9.02 to "0.40:1" is hereby deleted and replaced with the
      following: "0.50:1".

                  b. MINIMUM NET WORTH. Section 9.07 is hereby deleted in its
      entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "9.07. Minimum Net Worth. Borrower will maintain a Net Worth
            of not less than Three Hundred Twenty Two Million Dollars
            ($322,000,000) plus ninety percent (90%) of all Net Offering
            Proceeds receiving by the REIT or Borrower after August 9, 2000."

                  c. PERMITTED HOLDINGS. Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interests are
      hereby added as a category of Permitted Holdings under Section 9.08 with a
      Maximum Percentage of Gross Asset Value of five percent (5%). The last
      sentence of Section 9.08 is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
      with the following language:

            "Gross Asset Value as it relates to the foregoing categories of
            Permitted Holdings shall be calculated as follows: (i) the Gross
            Asset Value attributable to any Non-Manufactured Home Community
            Property (other than cash or Cash Equivalents), any Manufactured
            Home Community Mortgage (other than mortgage indebtedness which is
            either eliminated in the consolidation of the REIT, Borrower and the
            Subsidiaries or accounted for as investment in real estate under
            GAAP) or any Manufactured Home Community Partnership Interest (other
            than a Controlled Partnership Interest) shall be calculated based
            upon its Adjusted Asset Value; (ii) the Gross Asset Value
            attributable to any Land or any Security issued by a real estate
            investment trust primarily engaged in the development, ownership and
            management of manufactured home communities shall be equal to the
            lesser of (A) the acquisition cost thereof or (B) the current market
            value thereof (such market value to be determined in a manner
            reasonably acceptable to Agent); (iii) the Gross Asset Value
            attributable to any Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interest shall be the
            acquisition or investment cost thereof; and (iv) the Gross Asset
            Value attributable to any Development Activity shall be determined
            in accordance with GAAP."

            8. AGENCY PROVISIONS. The second sentence of Section 11.08 of the
Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following language:


                                       9
<PAGE>   10
            "The terms "Lenders", "Requisite Lenders", "Supermajority Lenders",
            or any similar terms may include Agent in its individual capacity as
            a Lender, one of the Requisite Lenders or one of the Supermajority
            Lenders, but Requisite Lenders and Supermajority Lenders shall not
            include Agent solely in its capacity as Agent."

            9. REDUCTION OF FACILITY; APPOINTMENT OF REPLACEMENT OF
            DOCUMENTATION AGENT AND SOLE LEAD ARRANGER

                  a. FACILITY REDUCTION. The amount of the Facility is hereby
      reduced from One Hundred Seventy-Five Million Dollars ($175,000,000) to
      One Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($150,000,000).

                  b. TERMINATION OF MORGAN'S COMMITMENT. The Commitment of
      Morgan is hereby terminated, and Morgan hereby relinquishes its rights and
      is hereby released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement. Morgan
      shall return to Borrower its original Loan Note.

                  c. RESTATEMENTS OF COMMITMENTS. As of the date hereof, the
      Commitment and Pro Rata Share of each of the undersigned Lenders shall be
      as set out under such Lender's name on the counterpart signature pages
      attached to this Amendment. Borrower shall issue to LaSalle a replacement
      Loan Note in the face amount of its Commitment noted on its counterpart
      signature page attached hereto.

                  d. APPOINTMENT OF REPLACEMENT DOCUMENTATION AGENT. From and
      after the date hereof, LaSalle shall be the Documentation Agent for the
      Facility.

                  e. APPOINTMENT OF SOLE LEAD ARRANGER. From and after the date
      hereof, Wells Fargo shall be the "Sole Lead Arranger" for the Facility.
      The Sole Lead Arranger shall not be required to take any action or assume
      any liability except as may be required in its capacity as a Lender,
      Agent, Swingline Lender or Issuing Lender under the Credit Agreement. For
      purposes of the indemnifications set forth in the Credit Agreement, the
      term "Agent" shall be deemed to include the Sole Lead Arranger.

            10. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. The effectiveness of this Amendment
is subject to satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent:

                  a. LEGAL OPINION. Borrower shall have delivered to Agent for
      the benefit of the Lenders a favorable opinion of counsel for Borrower and
      the REIT in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and its
      counsel;

                  b. EVIDENCE OF AUTHORITY. Borrower shall have delivered to
      Agent for the benefit of the Lenders such evidence as Agent shall
      reasonably require of the


                                       10
<PAGE>   11
      existence, good standing and authority of Borrower and the REIT and the
      incumbency and authority of their respective signatories; and

                  c. EXTENSION FEES. Each Lender shall have received an
      extension fee in the amount set forth below its signature to this
      Amendment.

            11. CONSENT OF THE REIT AND REAFFIRMATION OF THE REIT GUARANTY. The
REIT hereby consents to the terms of this Amendment and agrees that the REIT
Guaranty remains valid and enforceable and that the REIT has no defenses or
offsets to enforcement against the REIT under the REIT Guaranty.

            12. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower hereby represents and
warrants as follows:

                  a. AUTHORITY OF BORROWER. Borrower has the requisite
      partnership power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this
      Amendment. The execution, delivery and performance thereof, and the
      consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly
      approved by the general partner of Borrower, and no other partnership
      proceedings or authorizations on the part of Borrower or its general or
      limited partners are necessary to consummate such transactions. This
      Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Borrower and constitutes
      its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in
      accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other
      laws affecting creditors' rights generally and general equitable
      principles.

                  b. AUTHORITY OF THE REIT. The REIT has the requisite corporate
      power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment. The
      execution, delivery and performance hereof, and the consummation of the
      transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly approved by the Board of
      Directors of the REIT, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of
      the REIT are necessary to consummate such transactions. This Amendment has
      been duly executed and delivered by the REIT and constitutes its legal,
      valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with
      its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws affecting
      creditors' rights generally and general equitable principles.

                  c. NO CONFLICT AS TO BORROWER. The execution, delivery and
      performance by Borrower of this Amendment, and each of the transactions
      contemplated hereby, do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate
      Borrower's limited partnership agreement or Certificate of Limited
      Partnership or other organizational documents, as the case may be, or the
      organizational documents of any Subsidiary of Borrower or (ii) conflict
      with, result in a breach of or constitute (with or without notice or lapse
      of time or both) a default under any Requirement of Law, Contractual
      Obligation or Court Order of or binding upon Borrower or any of its
      Subsidiaries, or require termination of any such Contractual Obligation,
      the consequences of which conflict or breach or default or


                                       11
<PAGE>   12
      termination would have a Material Adverse Effect, or result in or require
      the creation or imposition of any Lien whatsoever upon any Property
      (except as contemplated herein).

                  d. NO CONFLICT AS TO THE REIT. The execution, delivery and
      performance by the REIT of this Amendment, and each of the transactions
      contemplated hereby, do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate its
      Articles or Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws, or other
      organizational documents, as the case may be, or the organizational
      documents of Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) conflict with, result in a
      breach of or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both)
      a default under any Requirement of Law, Contractual Obligation or Court
      Order of the REIT, Borrower or any Subsidiary, or require termination of
      any such Contractual Obligation, the consequences of which conflict or
      breach or default or termination will have a Material Adverse Effect, or
      result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien whatsoever
      upon any of its Property, or (iii) require any approval of the
      stockholders of the REIT.

                  e. CONSENTS AND AUTHORIZATIONS. Each of Borrower and the REIT
      has obtained all consents and authorizations required pursuant to its
      Contractual Obligations with any other Person, the failure of which to
      obtain would have a Material Adverse Effect, and has obtained all consents
      and authorizations of, and effected all notices to and filings with, any
      Governmental Authority necessary to allow Borrower or the REIT, as
      applicable, to lawfully execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
      this Amendment.

                  f. DATE DOWN OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All of the
      representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and in
      the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on
      and as of the date hereof except to the extent such representation and
      warranty is made as of a specified date, in which case such representation
      and warranty is true and correct as of such specified date.

                  g. NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR UNMATURED EVENT OF DEFAULT. No Event
      of Default or Unmatured Event of Default exists as of the date hereof.

                  h. NET WORTH. The Net Worth as of March 31, 2000 was Three
      Hundred Seventy Eight Million Eight Hundred Seventy Thousand Dollars
      ($378,870,000).

            13. EFFECT ON CREDIT AGREEMENT. The Credit Agreement and all other
Loan Documents (each as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified hereby)
shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in
all respects. Except as expressly provided herein or pursuant hereto, the
execution, delivery, performance and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Agent or any Lender under
the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provisions of any of the Loan
Documents.


                                       12
<PAGE>   13
            14.   MISCELLANEOUS

                  a. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed
      in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart, when so executed
      and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and binding upon the
      party signing such counterpart; all such counterparts taken together shall
      constitute one and the same instrument.

                  b. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
      SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE
      OF ILLINOIS.

                  c. HEADINGS. Section headings in this Amendment are
      included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute
      a part of this Amendment for any other purpose.

                  d. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Amendment is the entire agreement
      among the parties with respect to the matters addressed herein, and may
      not be modified except by written modification signed by all parties
      hereto.

                  e. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Amendment shall be binding
      upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
      heirs, successors, personal representatives and assigns (as permitted
      under the Credit Agreement).

                  f. EXPENSES. Pursuant to Section 12.01(a) of the Credit
      Agreement, Borrower hereby agrees to promptly pay all reasonable
      attorneys' fees and expenses or other costs or expenses incurred by Agent
      in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated
      hereby.

                  g. CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT. Agent and Borrower hereby consent to
      the Assignment, and Agent hereby waives the payment of any processing fee
      payable in connection therewith.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


                                       13
<PAGE>   14
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the
date set forth above.

                              MHC OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, an Illinois
                              limited partnership

                                    By:  MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC., a
                                    Maryland corporation, as General Partner

                                    By: /s/ John M. Zoeller
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  John M. Zoeller
                                    Title: Vice President



                              MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC., a Maryland
                              corporation

                                    By: /s/ John M. Zoeller
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  John M. Zoeller
                                    Title: Vice President


                                      S-1
<PAGE>   15
                              WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent,
                              Swingline Lender, Issuing Lender and a Lender

                                    By: /s/ Steven R. Lowery
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Steven R. Lowery
                                    Title: Vice President

                              Commitment:       $ 50,000,000.00
                              Extension Fee:    $    250,000.00
                              Pro Rata Share:          33.33334%


                                      S-2
<PAGE>   16
                              BANK OF AMERICA N.A., formerly known as BANK OF
                              AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as
                              Syndication Agent and a Lender

                                    By: /s/ Megan McBride
                                       --------------------------------
                                    Name: Megan McBride
                                         ------------------------------
                                    Title: Principal
                                          -----------------------------

                              Commitment:       $33,333,333.33
                              Extension Fee:    $   150,000.00
                              Pro Rata Share:         22.22222%


                                      S-3
<PAGE>   17
                  COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, Chicago Branch, as
                  a Lender

                       By:    /s/ Douglas P. Traynor   /s/ David Buettner
                          ------------------------------------------------------
                       Name:  Douglas P. Traynor       David Buettner
                       Title: Vice President           Assistant Vice President

                       Commitment:       $33,333,333.33
                       Extension Fee:    $   150,000.00
                       Pro Rata Share:         22.22222%


                                      S-4
<PAGE>   18
                              LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender and
                              as Documentation Agent

                                    By: /s/ John C. Hein
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  John C. Hein
                                    Title: SVP

                              Commitment:       $33,333,333.34
                              Extension Fee:    $   150,000.00
                              Pro Rata Share:         22.22222%


                                      S-5
<PAGE>   19
                              MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK

                                    By: /s/ Robert Bottamedi
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Robert Bottamedi
                                    Title: Vice President

                              Commitment:             $0
                              Extension Fee:          $0


                                      S-6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c61160ex10-36.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1ST AMEND. TO AMENDED & RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT 10.36

                           FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED
                          AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

            THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT is
dated as of November 21, 2000 (this "Amendment"), and is among MHC OPERATING
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, an Illinois limited partnership ("Borrower"), MANUFACTURED
HOME COMMUNITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (the "REIT"), each of the
undersigned "Lenders", WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity
as "Agent", BANK OF AMERICA N.A., formerly known as BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL
TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as "Syndication Agent", and
MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as "Documentation Agent". Capitalized
terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to
them in the Credit Agreement referenced below.

            WHEREAS, the parties hereto have previously entered into that
certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 28, 1998 (as
heretofore amended, the "Credit Agreement");

            WHEREAS, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, New York Branch, has
succeeded to the rights and obligations of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft,
Chicago Branch under the Credit Agreement;

            WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.01(d) of the Credit Agreement, the
maturity of the Loan has been extended to April 3, 2002; and

            WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to (i) appoint Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A. ("Wells Fargo") as "Sole Lead Arranger" for the Facility, and (ii)
otherwise amend the Credit Agreement as provided herein.

            NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

            1.    DEFINITIONS.  Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is
hereby amended as follows:

                  a. DEBT SERVICE. The definition of "Debt Service" is hereby
      deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Debt Service" means, for any period, Interest Expense for
            such period plus scheduled principal amortization (exclusive of
            Balloon Payments) for such period on all Indebtedness of the REIT,
            on a consolidated basis.
<PAGE>   2
                  b. EBITDA. The definition of "EBITDA" is hereby amended to add
      the following language after clause (vi) thereof and before the period:

                  ", plus (or minus in the case of a loss) (vii) Borrower's
            Share of the net income (or loss) of each Investment Affiliate for
            such period calculated in conformity with GAAP before depreciation,
            minus (or plus in the case of a loss) (viii) Borrower's Share of the
            gains (or losses) from extraordinary or unusual items or asset sales
            or write-ups or forgiveness of indebtedness included in the
            calculation of the net income of each Investment Affiliate for such
            period."

                  c. GROSS ASSET VALUE. The parenthetical phrase in the
      definition of "Gross Asset Value" is hereby deleted and replaced with the
      following language: "(subject to the last sentence of Section 8.08)".

                  d. INTEREST EXPENSE. The definition of "Interest Expense" is
      hereby deleted and replaced with the following language:

                  "Interest Expense" means, for any period and without
            duplication, total interest expense, whether paid, accrued or
            capitalized (including the interest component of Capital Leases but
            excluding interest expense covered by an interest reserve
            established under a loan facility) of the REIT, on a consolidated
            basis and determined in accordance with GAAP.

                  e. NET INCOME. The definition of "Net Income" is hereby
      amended to add the following language at the end thereof and before the
      period:

                  "; provided, however, that Net Income shall not include the
            net income (or loss) of Investment Affiliates"

                  f. NET WORTH. The definition of "Net Worth" is hereby amended
      to delete the last sentence thereof in its entirety and to replace the
      reference to "September 30, 1996" with "March 31, 2000."

                  g. NON-MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITY PROPERTY. The definition of
      "Non-Manufactured Home Community Property" is hereby amended to delete the
      word "or" before clause (v) thereof and replace it with a comma, and to
      add the following language at the end thereof before the period: "or (vi)
      Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interests."

                  h. NON-RECOURSE INDEBTEDNESS. The definition of "Non-Recourse
      Indebtedness" is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

                  "Non-Recourse Indebtedness" means any single loan with respect
            to which recourse for payment is limited to specific assets related
            to a particular Property or


                                       2
<PAGE>   3
            group of Properties encumbered by a Lien securing such Indebtedness,
            so long as the Adjusted Asset Value for such Property, or the total
            of the Adjusted Asset Values for such group of Properties, does not
            exceed One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000); provided,
            however, that personal recourse to the REIT, Borrower or any
            Subsidiary by a holder of any such loan for fraud,
            misrepresentation, misapplication of cash, waste, environmental
            claims and liabilities and other circumstances customarily excluded
            by institutional lenders from exculpation provisions and/or included
            in separate indemnification agreements in non-recourse financing of
            real estate shall not, by itself, prevent such loan from being
            characterized as Non-Recourse Indebtedness.

                  i. RECOURSE INDEBTEDNESS. The following defined term is hereby
      added:

                  "Recourse Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person,
            Indebtedness which is not Non-Recourse Indebtedness.

                  j. REQUISITE LENDERS. The definition of "Requisite Lenders" is
      hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Requisite Lenders" means, collectively Lenders whose Pro Rata
            Shares, in the aggregate, are at least sixty-six and two-thirds
            percent (66 2/3%); provided, however, that the Requisite Lenders
            must be comprised of a minimum of two (2) Lenders; and provided,
            further, that for purposes of any amendment, modification or waiver
            of the requirements of Article VIII, the Requisite Lenders must
            include Agent in its capacity as a Lender."

                  k. SUPERMAJORITY LENDERS. The definition of "Supermajority
      Lenders" is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following
      language:

                  "Supermajority Lenders" means, collectively Lenders whose Pro
            Rata Shares, in the aggregate, are at least eighty five percent
            (85%); provided, however, that the Supermajority Lenders must be
            comprised of a minimum of two (2) Lenders; and provided, further,
            that for purposes of any amendment, modification or waiver of the
            requirements of Article VIII, the Supermajority Lenders must include
            Agent in its capacity as a Lender."

                  l. TAXABLE REIT SUBSIDIARY INTERESTS. The following defined
      term is hereby added:

                  "Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interests" means equity interests in
            Subsidiaries not engaged in the development, ownership or operation
            of real estate and permitted to be held by Borrower and the REIT
            pursuant to Section 856(l) of the


                                       3
<PAGE>   4
            Internal Revenue Code (as amended from time to time) without
            violating the REIT's status as a real estate investment trust."

                  m. TOTAL LIABILITIES. The definition of "Total Liabilities" is
      hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "Total Liabilities" means, without duplication, all
            Indebtedness of the REIT, on a consolidated basis, plus all other
            items which, in accordance with GAAP, would be included as
            liabilities on the liability side of the balance sheet of the REIT
            (including, without limitation, accounts payable incurred in the
            ordinary course of business), on a consolidated basis; provided,
            however, that "Total Liabilities" shall not include dividends
            declared by the REIT or Borrower which are permitted under Section
            7.01(d) but not yet paid.

                  n. WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY. The following defined term is
      hereby added:

                  "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary which is
            wholly-owned directly or indirectly by Borrower or the REIT.

            2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Subsections 4.01(w) and 4.02(t)
of the Credit Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

            3. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Article VII of the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended as follows:

                  a. BORROWER'S COVENANT WITH RESPECT TO INDEBTEDNESS.
      Subsection 7.01(a) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
      following language:

                        (a) Indebtedness. Borrower shall not, and shall not
            permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly create,
            incur, assume or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly
            liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except:

                              (i)   the Obligations;

                              (ii)  trade debt incurred in the normal course
                  of business;

                              (iii) intercompany payables and receivables owing
                  between Subsidiaries in the nature of trade debt incurred in
                  the normal course of business;

                              (iv) Indebtedness which, after giving effect
                  thereto, may be incurred or may remain outstanding without
                  giving rise to an Event of


                                       4
<PAGE>   5
                  Default or Unmatured Event of Default under any provision of
                  Articles VII and VIII; provided, however, that (A) Borrower
                  shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
                  guarantee or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly
                  liable with respect to the Indebtedness of any Investment
                  Affiliate, and (B) Borrower shall not permit any Wholly-Owned
                  Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or otherwise become or
                  remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to, any
                  Recourse Indebtedness in excess of Ten Million Dollars
                  ($10,000,000) per Wholly-Owned Subsidiary at any time or
                  Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000) in the aggregate for all
                  Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at any time.

                  b. BORROWER'S COVENANT WITH RESPECT TO LIENS. Clause (ii) of
      Subsection 7.01(b) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
      following language:

                              (ii) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be
                  incurred and remain outstanding pursuant to Section
                  7.01(a)(iv).

                  c. REIT'S COVENANT WITH RESPECT TO INDEBTEDNESS. Subsection
      7.02(a) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following
      language:

                        (a) Indebtedness. The REIT shall not, and shall not
            permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly create,
            incur, assume or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly
            liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except:

                              (i) the Obligations; and

                              (ii) Indebtedness which, after giving effect
                  thereto, may be incurred or may remain outstanding without
                  giving rise to an Event of Default or Unmatured Event of
                  Default under any provision of Articles VII and VIII;
                  provided, however, that (A) the REIT shall not, and shall not
                  permit any of its Subsidiaries to, guarantee or otherwise
                  become or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to
                  the Indebtedness of any Investment Affiliate, and (B) the REIT
                  shall not permit any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to create, incur,
                  assume or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly
                  liable with respect to, any Recourse Indebtedness in excess of
                  Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) per Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
                  at any time or Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000) in the
                  aggregate for all Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at any time.

            4. FINANCIAL COVENANTS. Article VIII of the Credit Agreement is
hereby amended as follows:


                                       5
<PAGE>   6
                  a. SECURED DEBT TO GROSS ASSET VALUE. The numerical reference
      in Section 8.02 to "0.4:1" is hereby deleted and replaced with the
      following: "0.5:1".

                  b. MINIMUM NET WORTH. Section 8.07 is hereby deleted in its
      entirety and replaced with the following language:

                  "9.07. Minimum Net Worth. Borrower will maintain a Net Worth
            of not less than Three Hundred Twenty Two Million Dollars
            ($322,000,000) plus ninety percent (90%) of all Net Offering
            Proceeds received by the REIT or Borrower after August 9, 2000."

                  c. PERMITTED HOLDINGS. Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interests are
      hereby added as a category of Permitted Holdings under Section 8.08 with a
      Maximum Percentage of Gross Asset Value of five percent (5%). The last
      sentence of Section 8.08 is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
      with the following language:

                  "Gross Asset Value as it relates to the foregoing categories
            of Permitted Holdings shall be calculated as follows: (i) the Gross
            Asset Value attributable to any Non-Manufactured Home Community
            Property (other than cash or Cash Equivalents), any Manufactured
            Home Community Mortgage (other than mortgage indebtedness which is
            either eliminated in the consolidation of the REIT, Borrower and the
            Subsidiaries or accounted for as investment in real estate under
            GAAP) or any Manufactured Home Community Partnership Interest (other
            than a Controlled Partnership Interest) shall be calculated based
            upon its Adjusted Asset Value; (ii) the Gross Asset Value
            attributable to any Land or any Security issued by a real estate
            investment trust primarily engaged in the development, ownership and
            management of manufactured home communities shall be equal to the
            lesser of (A) the acquisition cost thereof or (B) the current market
            value thereof (such market value to be determined in a manner
            reasonably acceptable to Agent); (iii) the Gross Asset Value
            attributable to any Taxable REIT Subsidiary Interest shall be the
            acquisition or investment cost thereof; and (iv) the Gross Asset
            Value attributable to any Development Activity shall be determined
            in accordance with GAAP."

            5. AGENCY PROVISIONS. The second sentence of Section 10.08 of the
Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following language:

            "The terms "Lenders", "Requisite Lenders", "Supermajority Lenders",
            or any similar terms may include Agent in its individual capacity as
            a Lender, one of the Requisite Lenders or one of the Supermajority
            Lenders, but Requisite Lenders and Supermajority Lenders shall not
            include Agent solely in its capacity as Agent."

            6. APPOINTMENT OF SOLE LEAD ARRANGER. From and after the date
hereof, Wells Fargo shall be the "Sole Lead Arranger" for the Facility. The Sole
Lead Arranger shall not


                                       6
<PAGE>   7
be required to take any action or assume any liability except as may be required
in its capacity as a Lender or Agent under the Credit Agreement. For purposes of
the indemnifications set forth in the Credit Agreement, the term "Agent" shall
be deemed to include the Sole Lead Arranger.

            7. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. The effectiveness of this Amendment
is subject to satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent:

                  a. LEGAL OPINION. Borrower shall have delivered to Agent for
      the benefit of the Lenders a favorable opinion of counsel for Borrower and
      the REIT in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and its
      counsel; and

                  b. EVIDENCE OF AUTHORITY. Borrower shall have delivered to
      Agent for the benefit of the Lenders such evidence as Agent shall
      reasonably require of the existence, good standing and authority of
      Borrower and the REIT and the incumbency and authority of their respective
      signatories.

            8. CONSENT OF THE REIT AND REAFFIRMATION OF THE REIT Guaranty. The
REIT hereby consents to the terms of this Amendment and agrees that the REIT
Guaranty remains valid and enforceable and that the REIT has no defenses or
offsets to enforcement against the REIT under the REIT Guaranty.

            9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower hereby represents and
warrants as follows:

                  a. AUTHORITY OF BORROWER. Borrower has the requisite
      partnership power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this
      Amendment. The execution, delivery and performance thereof, and the
      consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly
      approved by the general partner of Borrower, and no other partnership
      proceedings or authorizations on the part of Borrower or its general or
      limited partners are necessary to consummate such transactions. This
      Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Borrower and constitutes
      its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in
      accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other
      laws affecting creditors' rights generally and general equitable
      principles.

                  b. AUTHORITY OF THE REIT. The REIT has the requisite corporate
      power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment. The
      execution, delivery and performance hereof, and the consummation of the
      transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly approved by the Board of
      Directors of the REIT, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of
      the REIT are necessary to consummate such transactions. This Amendment has
      been duly executed and delivered by the REIT and constitutes its legal,
      valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with
      its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws affecting
      creditors' rights generally and general equitable principles.


                                       7
<PAGE>   8
                  c. NO CONFLICT AS TO BORROWER. The execution, delivery and
      performance by Borrower of this Amendment, and each of the transactions
      contemplated hereby, do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate
      Borrower's limited partnership agreement or Certificate of Limited
      Partnership or other organizational documents, as the case may be, or the
      organizational documents of any Subsidiary of Borrower or (ii) conflict
      with, result in a breach of or constitute (with or without notice or lapse
      of time or both) a default under any Requirement of Law, Contractual
      Obligation or Court Order of or binding upon Borrower or any of its
      Subsidiaries, or require termination of any such Contractual Obligation,
      the consequences of which conflict or breach or default or termination
      would have a Material Adverse Effect, or result in or require the creation
      or imposition of any Lien whatsoever upon any Property (except as
      contemplated herein).

                  d. NO CONFLICT AS TO THE REIT. The execution, delivery and
      performance by the REIT of this Amendment, and each of the transactions
      contemplated hereby, do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate its
      Articles or Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws, or other
      organizational documents, as the case may be, or the organizational
      documents of Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) conflict with, result in a
      breach of or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both)
      a default under any Requirement of Law, Contractual Obligation or Court
      Order of the REIT, Borrower or any Subsidiary, or require termination of
      any such Contractual Obligation, the consequences of which conflict or
      breach or default or termination will have a Material Adverse Effect, or
      result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien whatsoever
      upon any of its Property, or (iii) require any approval of the
      stockholders of the REIT.

                  e. CONSENTS AND AUTHORIZATIONS. Each of Borrower and the REIT
      has obtained all consents and authorizations required pursuant to its
      Contractual Obligations with any other Person, the failure of which to
      obtain would have a Material Adverse Effect, and has obtained all consents
      and authorizations of, and effected all notices to and filings with, any
      Governmental Authority necessary to allow Borrower or the REIT, as
      applicable, to lawfully execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
      this Amendment.

                  f. DATE DOWN OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All of the
      representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and in
      the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on
      and as of the date hereof except to the extent such representation and
      warranty is made as of a specified date, in which case such representation
      and warranty is true and correct as of such specified date.

                  g. NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR UNMATURED EVENT OF DEFAULT. No Event
      of Default or Unmatured Event of Default exists as of the date hereof.

                  h. NET WORTH. The Net Worth as of March 31, 2000 was Three
      Hundred Seventy Eight Million Eight Hundred Seventy Thousand Dollars
      ($378,870,000).


                                       8
<PAGE>   9
            10. EFFECT ON CREDIT AGREEMENT. The Credit Agreement and all other
Loan Documents (each as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified hereby)
shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in
all respects. Except as expressly provided herein or pursuant hereto, the
execution, delivery, performance and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Agent or any Lender under
the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provisions of any of the Loan
Documents.

            11. MISCELLANEOUS

                  a. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed
      in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart, when so executed
      and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and binding upon the
      party signing such counterpart; all such counterparts taken together shall
      constitute one and the same instrument.

                  b. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
      SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE
      OF ILLINOIS.

                  c. HEADINGS. Section headings in this Amendment are included
      herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part
      of this Amendment for any other purpose.

                  d. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Amendment is the entire agreement
      among the parties with respect to the matters addressed herein, and may
      not be modified except by written modification signed by all parties
      hereto.

                  e. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Amendment shall be binding
      upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
      heirs, successors, personal representatives and assigns (as permitted
      under the Credit Agreement).

                  f. EXPENSES. Pursuant to Section 11.01(a) of the Credit
      Agreement, Borrower hereby agrees to promptly pay all reasonable
      attorneys' fees and expenses or other costs or expenses incurred by Agent
      in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated
      hereby.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]



                                       9
<PAGE>   10
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the
date set forth above.

                              MHC OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, an Illinois
                              limited partnership

                                    By:  MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.,
                                    a Maryland corporation, as General Partner

                                    By: /s/ John M. Zoeller
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  John M. Zoeller
                                    Title: VP and Chief Financial Officer



                              MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC., a Maryland
                              corporation

                                    By: /s/ John M. Zoeller
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  John M. Zoeller
                                    Title: VP and Chief Financial Officer




                                      S-1
<PAGE>   11
                              WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
                              Agent, Sole Lead Arranger and a Lender

                                    By: /s/ Steven R. Lowery
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Steven R. Lowery
                                    Title: Vice President

                              Commitment:       $40,000,000.00
                              Pro Rata Share:   40%


                                      S-2
<PAGE>   12
                              BANK OF AMERICA N.A., formerly known as BANK OF
                              AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION,
                              as Syndication Agent and a Lender

                                    By: /s/ Megan McBride
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Megan McBride
                                    Title: Principal

                              Commitment:       $20,000,000.00
                              Pro Rata Share:   20%


                                      S-3
<PAGE>   13
                              COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, New York
                              Branch, as a Lender

                                    By: /s/ Douglas P. Traynor
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Douglas P. Traynor
                                    Title: Vice President


                                    By: /s/ David Buettner
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  David Buettner
                                    Title: Assistant Vice President

                              Commitment:       $20,000,000.00
                              Pro Rata Share:   20%


                                      S-4
<PAGE>   14
                              MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as
                              Documentation Agent and a Lender

                                    By: /s/ Carl J. Mehldau, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Carl J. Mehldau, Jr.
                                    Title: Associate

                              Commitment:             $20,000,000.00
                              Pro Rata Share:         20%



                                      S-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.39
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c61160ex10-39.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED, RESTATED & CONSOLIDATED PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
WELLS
FARGO                         AMENDED, RESTATED AND CONSOLIDATED PROMISSORY NOTE


                                                            Loan No. 31-0900140R
$110,000,000.00                                        San Francisco, California
                                                                   June 28, 2000


            THIS AMENDED, RESTATED AND CONSOLIDATED PROMISSORY NOTE (this
"Note") is made and entered into by and between MHC-DEANZA FINANCING LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, an Illinois limited partnership ("DeAnza"), SNOWBIRDLAND VISTAS,
INC., an Illinois corporation ("Snowbirdland") and MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Date Palm") (DeAnza, Date Palm and
Snowbirdland are individually and collectively, as the context requires and with
such determination to be made in the sole discretion of Lender, referred to
herein as the "Borrower"), and WELLS FARGO NATIONAL BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
("Lender").

      RECITALS A. Lender is the holder of (a) that certain Secured Promissory
Note dated August 14, 1994, in the original principal amount of $2,218,975.33
and having a current outstanding principal balance of $2,015,403.20 ("Bay Lake
Note") made by Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza and payable to
Pacific Life Insurance Company, formerly known as Pacific Mutual Life Insurance
Company, a California Corporation ("Pacific"), (b) that certain Secured
Promissory Note dated August 14, 1994, in the original principal amount of
$8,081,491.39 and having a current outstanding principal balance of
$7,340,082.86 ("Buccaneer Note") made by Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and
DeAnza and payable to Pacific, (c) that certain Secured Promissory Note dated
August 14, 1994, in the original principal amount of $13,323,714.75 and having a
current outstanding principal balance of $12,101,376.45 ("Colonies Note") made
by Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza and payable to Pacific and (d)
that certain Secured Promissory Note dated August 14, 1994, in the original
principal amount of $13,435,390.10 and having a current outstanding principal
balance of $12,202,806.43 ("Mid-Florida Lakes Note") made by Snowbirdland, as
Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza and payable to Pacific. The Bay Lake Note,
Buccaneer Note, Colonies Note and Mid-Florida Lakes Note are referred to
collectively herein as the "Original Note."

      B. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Note, Lender is
advancing to Snowbirdland and DeAnza, as an additional loan, the sum of
$2,774,596.80 pursuant to that certain Future Advance Promissory Note Secured by
Mortgage (the "Bay Lake Future Advance Note"), the sum of $11,959,917.14
pursuant to that certain Future Advance Promissory Note Secured by Mortgage (the
"Buccaneer Future Advance Note"), the sum of $8,398,623.55 pursuant to that
certain Future Advance Promissory Note Secured by Mortgage (the "Colonies Future
Advance Note") and the sum of $11,797,193.57 pursuant to that certain Future
Advance Promissory Note Secured by Mortgage (the "Mid-Florida Lakes Future
Advance Note"), the aggregate of such sums collectively referred to herein as
the "Additional Florida Loan." The Bay Lake Future Advance Note, Buccaneer
Future Advance Note, Colonies Future Advance Note and Mid-Florida Lakes Future
Advance Note are collectively referred to herein as the "Future Advance Note."

      C. Borrower and Lender desire to amend, restate and consolidate the
Original Note and the Future Advance Note in their entirety to reflect, among
other things, (i) the increase in Borrower's indebtedness to Lender by the
amount of the Additional Florida Loan pursuant to the Future Advance Note, as
well as the additional sums advanced hereunder in the amount of $41,410,000.00,
(ii) a change in the interest rate and the terms of payment and (iii) additional
modifications of, additions to, and deletions of, the terms of the Original Note
and the Future Advance Note.

1.    PROMISE TO PAY. For value received, Borrower promises to pay to the order
      of Lender, at 1320 Willow Pass Road, Suite 205, Concord, California 94520,
      or at such other place as may be designated in writing by Lender, the
      principal sum of ONE HUNDRED TEN MILLION AND NO/100THS DOLLARS
      ($110,000,000.00) ("Loan"), with interest thereon as specified herein. All
      sums owing hereunder are payable in lawful money of the United States of
      America, in immediately available funds, without offset, deduction or
      counterclaim of any kind.

2.    SECURED BY MORTGAGE. This Note is secured by, among other things: (i) that
      certain Amended, Consolidated and Restated Mortgage and Absolute
      Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (And Fixture Filing)
      ("Mid-Florida Lakes Mortgage") of even date herewith, executed by
      Snowbirdland and DeAnza encumbering certain


                                       1
<PAGE>   2
      real property and improvements located in Leesburg, Florida, as more
      particularly described therein ("Mid-Florida Lakes Property"); (ii) that
      certain Amended, Consolidated and Restated Mortgage and Absolute
      Assignment of Rents And Leases and Security Agreement (And Fixture Filing)
      ("Bay Lake Mortgage") of even date herewith, executed by Snowbirdland and
      DeAnza encumbering certain real property and improvements located in
      Nokomis, Florida, as more particularly described therein ("Bay Lake
      Estates Property"); (iii) that certain Amended, Consolidated and Restated
      Mortgage and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security
      Agreement (And Fixture Filing) ("Buccaneer Mortgage") of even date
      herewith, executed by Snowbirdland and DeAnza encumbering certain real
      property and improvements located in North Fort Myers, Florida, as more
      particularly described therein ("Buccaneer Estates Property"); (iv) that
      certain Amended, Consolidated and Restated Mortgage and Absolute
      Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (And Fixture Filing)
      ("Colonies Mortgage") of even date herewith, executed by Snowbirdland and
      DeAnza encumbering certain real property and improvements located in
      Margate, Florida and as more particularly described therein ("Colonies of
      Margate Property"); (v) that certain Mortgage and Absolute Assignment of
      Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (And Fixture Filing) ("Willow Lake
      Mortgage") of even date herewith, executed by DeAnza encumbering certain
      real property and improvements located in Elgin, Illinois, as more
      particularly described therein ("Willow Lake Estates Property"); (vi) that
      certain Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and
      Security Agreement (And Fixture Filing) ("DeAnza Deed of Trust") of even
      date herewith, executed by DeAnza encumbering certain real property and
      improvements located in Santa Cruz, California, as more particularly
      described therein ("DeAnza Santa Cruz Property"); (vii) that certain
      Leasehold Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and
      Security Agreement (And Fixture Filing) ("Date Palm Leasehold Deed of
      Trust") of even date herewith, executed by Date Palm encumbering certain
      real property and improvements located in Cathedral City, California, as
      more particularly described therein ("Date Palm Country Club Property");
      and (viii) those certain Stock Pledge Agreements executed by Benjamin J.
      Randall and Rosalind Reed in favor of Lender (collectively referred to
      herein as the "Stock Pledge Agreements"). The Mid-Florida Lakes Mortgage,
      Bay Lake Mortgage, Buccaneer Mortgage, Colonies Mortgage, Willow Lake
      Mortgage, DeAnza Deed of Trust and Date Palm Leasehold Deed of Trust are
      referred to herein collectively and individually, as applicable, and as
      modified, extended or renewed, as the "Mortgage" or the "Mortgages." The
      Mid-Florida Lakes Property, the Bay Lake Estates Property, the Buccaneer
      Estates Property, the Colonies of Margate Property, the Willow Lake
      Estates Property, the DeAnza Santa Cruz Property and the Date Palm Country
      Club Property are referred to herein collectively and individually, as
      applicable, as the "Property" or the "Properties."

3.    DEFINITIONS. For the purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have
      the following meanings:

      "Affiliate" shall mean, as to any specified Person, any other Person that,
      directly or indirectly, is in Control of, is Controlled by or is under
      common Control with such specified Person.

      "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, legal
      holiday or other day on which commercial banks in California are
      authorized or required by law to close. All references in this Note to a
      "day" or a "date" shall be to a calendar day unless specifically
      referenced as a Business Day.

      "Control" shall mean with respect to such Person either (i) ownership
      directly or through other entities of more than 100% of all beneficial
      equity interest in such Person and (ii) the power to direct the
      management, operation and business of such person.

      "Debt Service Coverage Ratio" shall mean, as of the last day of the
      calendar month immediately preceding the applicable calculation date, the
      ratio in which (a) the numerator is the sum of the Net Operating Income
      for each of the applicable Properties for the immediately preceding twelve
      month period and (b) the denominator is the aggregate amount of principal
      and interest that would be due under this Note for such period based upon
      a debt service constant of eight and sixty-six one-hundredths percent
      (8.66%).

      "Default" shall have the meaning set forth in the Mortgages.

      "Disbursement Date" shall mean the date upon which the Loan proceeds are
      funded into escrow in connection with the closing of the Loan.

      "Effective Date" shall mean the date Lender authorizes the Loan proceeds
      to be released to Borrower.

      "Loan Documents" shall mean the documents listed in Exhibit B attached
      hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.


                                       2
<PAGE>   3
      "Loan-to-Value Ratio" shall mean, as of the last day of the calendar month
      immediately preceding the applicable calculation date, the ratio in which
      (a) the numerator is the aggregate amount of principal and interest then
      due under this Note and (b) the denominator is the "as-is" value of the
      applicable Properties as set forth in the appraisals for such Properties.

      "Maturity Date" shall mean July 1, 2010.

      "Net Operating Income" shall mean, with respect to a Property, (i) the
      rental payments actually received by the applicable Borrower ("Gross
      Rents"); plus (ii) the expense reimbursements actually received by the
      applicable Borrower ("Expense Reimbursements"); minus the sum of (w) an
      adjustment for vacancy/collection losses equal to the greater of actual,
      market or five percent (5%) of the Gross Rents and Expense Reimbursements;
      and (x) the actual Operating Expenses (as defined below); and (y) an
      amount for reasonable management expenses equal to the greater of (A) four
      percent (4%) of Gross Rents or (B) actual management expenses; and (z) a
      capital improvement reserve equal to $61,300.00 for the Mid-Florida Lakes
      Property, $11,400.00 for the Bay Lake Estates Property, $48,550.00 for the
      Buccaneer Estates Property, $40,950.00 for the Colonies of Margate
      Property, $51,824.00 for the Willow Lake Estates Property, $12,650.00 for
      the DeAnza Santa Cruz Property, $26,900.00 for the Date Palm Country Club
      Property, and such amount as shall be reasonably determined by Lender for
      any Replacement Property (as hereinafter defined).

      "Operating Expenses" shall mean all reasonable operating expenses of such
      Property, including without limitation, those for maintenance, repairs,
      annual taxes, bond assessments, ground lease payments, insurance,
      utilities, and other annual expenses (but not capital expenses) that are
      standard and customary for properties of this type. Operating Expenses for
      this purpose shall not include any interest or principal payments on the
      Loan or any allowance for depreciation.

      "Person" shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, joint
      venture, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any federal, state,
      county or municipal government or any bureau, department or agency thereof
      and any fiduciary acting in such capacity on behalf of any of the
      foregoing.

      "Property Worth" shall mean, with respect to each Borrower, the fair
      market value of the Property or Properties owned by such Borrower as of
      the Disbursement Date.

      "Rating Agency" shall mean each of Standard & Poor's Ratings Group,
      Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Duff & Phelps Rating Co., and Fitch
      Investors Service, Inc., and their successors or assigns, or any other
      nationally recognized statistical rating agency which rates securities in
      connection with a securitization.

      "Remaining Properties" shall mean all of the Properties other than those
      that have been released or requested to be released from the lien of the
      applicable Mortgage pursuant to a Defeasance (hereinafter defined in
      Section 14) or in exchange for a Replacement Property.

4.    INTEREST; PAYMENTS.

      4.1   DEFINITIONS. The following terms shall have the meanings indicated:

            "Actual/360 Basis" shall mean on the basis of a 360-day year and
            charged on the basis of actual days elapsed for any whole or partial
            month in which interest is being calculated.

            "30/360 Basis" shall mean on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
            of 12 months of 30 days each.

            "Interest Rate" shall mean a fixed interest rate equal to 7.82%.

      4.2   INTEREST ACCRUAL. Interest on the outstanding principal balance of
            this Note shall accrue from the Disbursement Date at an annual rate
            equal to the Interest Rate calculated on an Actual/360 Basis.

      4.3   PAYMENTS. Monthly payments hereunder shall commence on the first day
            of the calendar month following the Disbursement Date and continue
            on the first day of each calendar month thereafter through the
            Maturity Date. If the Disbursement Date is a date other than the
            first day of a calendar month, the first monthly payment shall be
            interest only. Subsequent monthly payments shall be calculated on
            the basis of an equal-payment thirty (30) year


                                       3
<PAGE>   4
            amortization of principal and interest. Notwithstanding that
            interest on this Note accrues on an Actual/360 Basis, the total
            amount of each such amortized monthly payment of principal and
            interest shall be determined using a 30/360 Basis. On the Maturity
            Date, all unpaid principal and accrued but unpaid interest shall be
            due and owing in full. All interest shall be paid in arrears.

      4.4   ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Borrower acknowledges that interest calculated on
            an Actual/360 Basis exceeds interest calculated on a 30/360 Basis
            and, therefore: (a) a greater portion of each monthly installment of
            principal and interest will be applied to interest using the
            Actual/360 Basis than would be the case if interest accrued on a
            30/360 Basis; and (b) the unpaid principal balance of this Note on
            the Maturity Date will be greater using the Actual/360 Basis than
            would be the case if interest accrued on a 30/360 Basis.

      4.5   APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. In the absence of a specific determination
            by Lender to the contrary, all payments paid by Borrower to Lender
            in connection with the obligations of Borrower under this Note and
            under the other Loan Documents shall be applied in the following
            order of priority: (a) to amounts, other than principal and
            interest, due to Lender pursuant to this Note or the other Loan
            Documents; (b) to accrued but unpaid interest on this Note; and (c)
            to the unpaid principal balance of this Note. Upon the occurrence of
            a Default: (i) Borrower irrevocably waives the right to direct the
            application of any and all payments at any time thereafter received
            by Lender from or on behalf of Borrower, and (ii) Borrower
            irrevocably agrees that Lender shall have the continuing exclusive
            right to apply any and all such payments against the then due and
            owing obligations of Borrower in such order of priority as Lender
            may deem advisable.

5.    LATE CHARGE; DEFAULT RATE.

      5.1   LATE CHARGE. If any payment required hereunder is not paid on or
            before the fifth calendar day of the month in which it is due,
            Borrower shall pay a late or collection charge, as liquidated
            damages, equal to 4% of the amount of such unpaid payment. Borrower
            acknowledges that Lender will incur additional expenses as a result
            of any late payments hereunder, which expenses would be
            impracticable to quantify, and that Borrower's payments under this
            paragraph are a reasonable estimate of such expenses. The foregoing
            to the contrary notwithstanding, no late or collection charge shall
            be payable by Borrower as a result of any delay in the payment of
            any sum due and payable on the Maturity Date.

      5.2   DEFAULT RATE. Commencing upon a Default and continuing until such
            Default shall have been cured by Borrower, all sums owing on this
            Note shall bear interest until paid in full at a rate per annum
            equal to 5% plus the Interest Rate ("Default Rate").

6.    MAXIMUM RATE PERMITTED BY LAW. Neither this Note nor any of the other Loan
      Documents shall require the payment or permit the collection of any
      interest or any late payment charge in excess of the maximum rate
      permitted by law. If any such excess interest or late payment charge is
      provided for under this Note or any of the other Loan Documents or if this
      Note or any of the other Loan Documents shall be adjudicated to provide
      for such excess, neither Borrower nor Borrower's successors or assigns
      shall be obligated to pay such excess, and the right to demand the payment
      of any such excess shall be and hereby is waived, and this provision shall
      control any other provision of this Note or any of the other Loan
      Documents. If Lender shall collect amounts which are deemed to constitute
      interest and which would increase the effective interest rate to a rate in
      excess of the maximum rate permitted by law, all such amounts deemed to
      constitute interest in excess of the maximum legal rate shall, upon such
      determination, at the option of Lender, be returned to Borrower or
      credited against the outstanding principal balance of this Note.

7.    ACCELERATION. If (a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due, subject to any
      applicable grace or cure period, any sums payable under this Note; (b) any
      other Default shall occur; or (c) any other event or condition shall occur
      which, under the terms of any of the Mortgages or any other Loan Document,
      gives rise to a right of acceleration of sums owing under this Note, then
      Lender, at its sole option, shall have the right to declare all sums owing
      under this Note immediately due and payable; provided, however, that if
      any of the Mortgages or any other Loan Document provides for the automatic
      acceleration of payment of sums owing under this Note, all sums owing
      under this Note shall be automatically due and payable in accordance with
      the terms of such of the Mortgages or such other Loan Document.


                                       4
<PAGE>   5
8.    BORROWER'S LIABILITY.

      8.1   LIMITATION. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, Lender's
            recovery against Borrower under this Note and the other Loan
            Documents shall be limited solely to the Properties and the
            "Collateral" (as defined in the Mortgages).

      8.2   EXCEPTIONS. Nothing contained in Section 8.1 or elsewhere in this
            Note or the other Loan Documents, however, shall limit in any way
            the personal liability of Borrower owed to Lender for any losses or
            damages incurred by Lender (including, without limitation, any
            impairment of Lender's security for the Loan) with respect to any of
            the following matters: (a) fraud or willful misrepresentation; (b)
            material physical waste of the Properties (or any portions thereof)
            or the Collateral; (c) failure to pay property or other taxes,
            assessments or charges (other than amounts paid to Lender for taxes,
            assessments or charges pursuant to Impounds as defined in Exhibit A
            and where Lender elects not to apply such funds toward payment of
            the taxes, assessments or charges owed) which may create liens
            senior to the lien of any of the Mortgages on all or any portion of
            the Properties; (d) failure to deliver any insurance or condemnation
            proceeds or awards or any security deposits received by Borrower to
            Lender as required under the terms of the Loan Documents or any
            other instrument now or hereafter securing this Note or to otherwise
            apply such sums as required under the terms of the Loan Documents or
            any other instrument now or hereafter securing this Note; (e)
            failure to apply any rents, royalties, accounts, revenues, income,
            issues, profits and other benefits from the Properties (or any
            portion thereof) which are collected or received by Borrower during
            the period of any Default or after acceleration of the indebtedness
            and other sums owing under the Loan Documents to the payment of
            either (i) such indebtedness or other sums or (ii) the normal and
            necessary operating expenses of the Properties; (f) any breach by
            Borrower of any covenant in this Note or in any of the Mortgages
            regarding Hazardous Materials (as defined in the Mortgages) or any
            representation or warranty of Borrower regarding Hazardous Materials
            proving to have been untrue when made; (g) failure to pay any
            judgments, costs, expenses, fees and any other amounts whatsoever
            owing pursuant to, as a result of or in connection with the
            litigation matters pending, and that have been disclosed to Lender
            prior to the Effective Date, at the Buccaneer Estates Property, the
            Willow Lake Estates Property or the DeAnza Santa Cruz Property,
            respectively; or (h) failure of any of the Date Palm Ground Lease
            Documents (as hereinafter defined) required to be executed by the
            ground lessors in connection with the release of the Date Palm
            Escrow to be legally binding on all of the ground lessors under the
            ground lease encumbering the Date Palm Country Club Property.

      8.3   NO RELEASE OR IMPAIRMENT. Nothing contained in Section 8.1 shall be
            deemed to release, affect or impair the indebtedness evidenced by
            this Note or the obligations of Borrower under, or the liens and
            security interests created by the Loan Documents, or Lender's rights
            to enforce its remedies under this Note and the other Loan
            Documents, including, without limitation, the right to pursue any
            remedy for injunctive or other equitable relief, or any suit or
            action in connection with the preservation, enforcement or
            foreclosure of the liens, mortgages, deeds of trust, assignments and
            security interests which are now or at any time hereafter security
            for the payment and performance of all obligations under this Note
            or the other Loan Documents.

      8.4   PREVAIL AND CONTROL. The provisions of this Section 8 shall prevail
            and control over any contrary provisions elsewhere in this Note or
            the other Loan Documents.

9.    NON-MORTGAGOR BORROWER. If any Borrower is not also a "Mortgagor" under
      the Mortgages, such Borrower hereby makes all representations and
      warranties in favor of Lender contained in Article 5 of the Mortgages, all
      covenants contained in Section 6.15 of the Mortgages, and all indemnities
      of Lender contained in Section 6.19 of the Mortgages, jointly and
      severally with the "Mortgagor" under each of the Mortgages.

10.   MISCELLANEOUS.

      10.1  JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. If this Note is executed by more than
            one person or entity as Borrower, the obligations of each such
            person or entity shall be joint and several. No person or entity
            shall be a mere accommodation maker, but each shall be primarily and
            directly liable hereunder.

      10.2  WAIVER OF PRESENTMENT. Except as otherwise provided herein or in any
            other Loan Document, Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand,
            notice of dishonor, notice of default or delinquency, notice of
            acceleration, notice of nonpayment, notice of costs, expenses or
            losses and interest thereon, and notice of interest on interest and
            late charges.


                                       5
<PAGE>   6
      10.3  DELAY IN ENFORCEMENT. No previous waiver or failure or delay by
            Lender in acting with respect to the terms of this Note or the
            Mortgages shall constitute a waiver of any breach, default or
            failure of condition under this Note, the Mortgages or the
            obligations secured thereby. A waiver of any term of this Note, the
            Mortgages or of any of the obligations secured thereby must be made
            in writing signed by Lender, shall be limited to the express terms
            of such waiver, and shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent
            obligation of Borrower. The acceptance at any time by Lender of any
            past-due amount shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the right to
            require prompt payment when due of any other amounts then or
            thereafter due and payable.

      10.4  TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Time is of the essence with respect to every
            provision hereof.

      10.5  GOVERNING LAW. This Note was accepted by Lender in the state of
            California and the proceeds of this Note were disbursed from the
            state of California, which state the parties agree has a substantial
            relationship to the parties and to the underlying transaction
            embodied hereby. Accordingly, in all respects, including, without
            limiting the generality of the foregoing, matters of construction,
            validity, enforceability and performance, this Note, the Mortgages
            and the other Loan Documents and the obligations arising hereunder
            and thereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
            with, the laws of the state of California applicable to contracts
            made and performed in such state and any applicable law of the
            United States of America, except that at all times the provisions
            for the foreclosure of the liens granted under the Mortgages
            securing this Note and the creation, perfection and enforcement of
            the security interests created pursuant thereto and pursuant to the
            other Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed according to
            the law of the states where the Properties are located. Except as
            provided in the immediately preceding sentence, Borrower hereby
            unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
            permitted by law, any claim to assert that the law of any
            jurisdiction other than California governs the Mortgages, this Note
            and the other Loan Documents.

      10.6  CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. Borrower irrevocably submits to the
            jurisdiction of: (a) any state or federal court sitting in the state
            of California over any suit, action, or proceeding, brought by
            Borrower against Lender, arising out of or relating to this Note or
            the Loan evidenced hereby; (b) any state or federal court sitting in
            any of the states where the Properties are located or the state in
            which Borrower's principal place of business is located over any
            suit, action or proceeding, brought by Lender against Borrower,
            arising out of or relating to this Note or the Loan evidenced
            hereby; and (c) any state court sitting in any of the counties of
            the states where the Properties are located over any suit, action,
            or proceeding, brought by Lender to exercise its rights of
            foreclosure under the applicable Mortgage or any action brought by
            the Lender to enforce its rights with respect to the Collateral.
            Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
            any objection that Borrower may now or hereafter have to the laying
            of venue of any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such
            court and any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding
            brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

      10.7  COUNTERPARTS. This Note may be executed in any number of
            counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be
            deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be deemed
            to be one and the same Note.

      10.8  HEIRS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. All of the terms, covenants,
            conditions and indemnities contained in this Note and the other Loan
            Documents shall be binding upon the heirs, successors and assigns of
            Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and
            assigns of Lender. The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to
            permit Borrower to assign the Loan except as otherwise permitted in
            this Note or the other Loan Documents.

      10.9  SEVERABILITY. If any term of this Note, or the application thereof
            to any person or circumstances, shall, to any extent, be invalid or
            unenforceable, the remainder of this Note, or the application of
            such term to persons or circumstances other than those as to which
            it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and
            each term of this Note shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest
            extent permitted by law.

      10.10 CONSENTS, APPROVALS AND EXPENSES. Wherever Lender's consent,
            approval, acceptance or satisfaction is required under any provision
            of this Note or any of the other Loan Documents, such consent,
            approval, acceptance or satisfaction shall not be unreasonably
            withheld, conditioned or delayed by Lender unless such provision
            expressly so provides. Wherever costs or expenses are required to be
            paid under any provision of this Note or any of the other Loan
            Documents, such costs or expenses shall be reasonable.


                                       6
<PAGE>   7
11.   NOTICES. All requests, demands, notices and other communications that are
      required or permitted to be given to a party under this Note shall be in
      writing and shall be sent to such party, either by personal delivery, by
      overnight delivery service, by certified first class mail, return receipt
      requested, or by facsimile transmission to the address or facsimile number
      below. All such notices and communications shall be effective upon receipt
      of such delivery or facsimile transmission, together with a printed
      receipt of the successful delivery of such facsimile transmission. The
      addresses and facsimile numbers of the parties shall be:




      Borrower:                                Lender:
      ---------                                -------
      c/o Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.  Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
      Two North Riverside Plaza                1320 Willow Pass Road, Suite 205
      Suite 800                                Concord, CA  94520
      Chicago, Illinois 60606                  Loan No. 31-0900140R
      Attention:  General Counsel              FAX No.: (925) 691-5947
      FAX No.:  (312) 279-1715

      With a copy to:

      Katz Randall Weinberg & Richmond
      333 West Wacker Drive
      Suite 1800
      Chicago, IL  60606-1288
      Attention:  Benjamin J. Randall
      FAX No.:  (312) 807-3903


12.   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS. The additional terms and conditions set
      forth in Exhibit A and Exhibit B attached hereto are incorporated herein
      by this reference.

13.   PREPAYMENT. Borrower acknowledges that any prepayment of this Note will
      cause Lender to lose its interest rate yield on this Note and will
      possibly require that Lender reinvest any such prepayment amount in loans
      of a lesser interest rate yield (including, without limitation, in debt
      obligations other than first mortgage loans on commercial properties). As
      a consequence, Borrower agrees as follows, as an integral part of the
      consideration for Lender's making the Loan:

      13.1  RESTRICTIONS. Except for the Date Palm Repayment Option (as
            hereinafter defined), any voluntary prepayment of this Note: (a) is
            prohibited except during the last 3 months of the term, (b) is
            permitted in full only, and not in part, and (c) may only be made on
            the first day of a month.

      13.2  PREPAYMENT CHARGE. Except as provided below, if this Note is prepaid
            prior to the last three (3) months of the term, whether such
            prepayment is involuntary or upon acceleration of the principal
            amount of this Note by Lender following a Default, Borrower shall
            pay to Lender on the prepayment date (in addition to all other sums
            then due and owing to Lender under the Loan Documents) a prepayment
            charge equal to the greater of the following two amounts: (a) an
            amount equal to 1% of the then outstanding principal balance of the
            Loan; or (b) an amount equal to (i) the amount, if any, by which the
            sum of the present values as of the prepayment date of all unpaid
            principal and interest payments required under this Note, calculated
            by discounting such payments from their respective scheduled payment
            dates back to the prepayment date at a discount rate equal to the
            Periodic Treasury Yield (defined below) exceeds the outstanding
            principal balance of the Loan as of the prepayment date, multiplied
            by (ii) a fraction whose numerator is the amount of the prepayment
            and whose denominator is the outstanding principal balance of the
            Loan as of the prepayment date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
            prepayment charge shall apply in respect to any insurance or
            condemnation proceeds received by Lender and applied by Lender to
            the outstanding principal balance of the Loan. For purposes of the
            foregoing, "Periodic Treasury Yield" means (c) the annual yield to
            maturity of the actively traded non-callable United States Treasury
            fixed interest rate security (other than any such security which can
            be surrendered at the option of the holder at face value in payment
            of federal estate tax or which was issued at a substantial discount)
            that has a maturity closest to (whether before, on or after) the
            Maturity Date (or if two or more such securities have


                                       7
<PAGE>   8
            maturity dates equally close to the Maturity Date, the average
            annual yield to maturity of all such securities), as reported in The
            Wall Street Journal or other authoritative publication or news
            retrieval service on the fifth Business Day preceding the prepayment
            date, divided by (d) 12, if scheduled payment dates are monthly, or
            4, if scheduled payment dates are quarterly. Notwithstanding the
            foregoing, no prepayment charge shall be required in connection with
            the Date Palm Repayment Option.

      13.3  WAIVER. Borrower waives any right to prepay this Note except under
            the terms and conditions set forth in this Section and agrees that
            if this Note is prepaid, Borrower will pay the prepayment charge set
            forth above. Borrower hereby acknowledges that: (a) the inclusion of
            this waiver of prepayment rights and agreement to pay the prepayment
            charge for the right to prepay this Note was separately negotiated
            with Lender; (b) the economic value of the various elements of this
            waiver and agreement was discussed; (c) the consideration given by
            Borrower for the Loan was adjusted to reflect the specific waiver
            and agreement negotiated between Borrower and Lender and contained
            herein; and (d) this waiver is intended to comply with California
            Civil Code Section 2954.10.

Borrower's Initials: ________ ________ ________

      13.4  INSURANCE PROCEEDS; CONDEMNATION AWARDS. Notwithstanding anything
            herein to the contrary, no prepayment charge shall be due and owing
            with respect to any involuntary prepayment resulting from Lender's
            application of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards to the
            Loan.

14.   DEFEASANCE. At any time after the Lockout Expiration Date (defined below),
      Borrower may elect to cause Lender to release one or more of the
      Properties from the lien of any of the Mortgages and the other Loan
      Documents and to accept other collateral in substitution therefor, in
      accordance with the provisions of this Section ("Defeasance"), at
      Borrower's sole cost and expense. "Lockout Expiration Date" means the
      earlier of (a) the second anniversary of the "startup day" (as defined in
      Internal Revenue Code Section 860(G)(a)(9)) of any "real estate mortgage
      investment conduit" (as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 860D)
      that holds this Note and (b) the third anniversary of the date of this
      Note. For purposes of this Section 14 only, (a) the values of the
      Mid-Florida Lakes Property, the Bay Lake Estates Property, the Buccaneer
      Estates Property, the Colonies of Margate Property, the Willow Lake
      Estates Property, the DeAnza Santa Cruz Property and the Date Palm Country
      Club Property, respectively, expressed as a percentage of the total
      principal amount of the Loan ("Allocated Loan Percentage"), shall be
      deemed to be 21.8182%, 4.3544%, 17.5455%, 18.6364%, 17.7273%, 5.60%, and
      14.3182%; and (b) the portion of the principal amount of the Loan
      allocable to each of the Properties ("Allocated Loan Amount") shall be
      deemed initially to be the Allocated Loan Percentage for such Property
      multiplied by the initial total principal amount of the Loan and,
      thereafter, the same such amount as the same shall be reduced by ratable
      application of payments of principal made under this Note from time to
      time.

      14.1  CONDITIONS. Borrower shall only have the right to cause a Defeasance
            if no Default has occurred and is continuing and all of the
            following conditions have been satisfied:

            a.    Notice. Borrower shall give at least 60 days but not more than
                  90 days' written notice to Lender specifying the date of
                  Borrower's intended Defeasance ("Release Date"), which date
                  shall be a scheduled payment date and such notice shall
                  indicate the principal amount of the Note to be defeased;

            b.    Payments. Borrower shall pay in full, on or before the Release
                  Date, all accrued and unpaid interest and all other sums due
                  under this Note and the other Loan Documents on or before the
                  Release Date, including without limitation, (i) all costs and
                  expenses paid or incurred by Lender or its agents in
                  connection with the Defeasance, the purchase of the Defeasance
                  Collateral (defined below), the release of the applicable
                  Properties, the review of the proposed Defeasance Collateral
                  and the preparation of the Defeasance Security Agreement
                  (defined below) and related documentation, and (ii) any
                  revenue, documentary stamp, intangible or other taxes, charges
                  or fees due in connection with the transfer or assumption of
                  this Note or the Defeasance;

            c.    Deliveries. Borrower shall deliver the following items to
                  Lender on or before the Release Date:

                  (i)   immediately available funds ("Defeasance Deposit") in an
                        amount sufficient to enable Lender to purchase, through
                        means and sources customarily employed and available to
                        Lender, for the account of Borrower, direct,
                        non-callable obligations of the United States of America
                        that



                                       8
<PAGE>   9
                        provide for payments prior, but as close as possible, to
                        all successive scheduled payment dates occurring after
                        the Release Date, with each such payment being equal to
                        or greater than one hundred twenty five percent (125%)
                        of the product of the Allocated Loan Percentage for the
                        Properties that are the subject of the applicable
                        Defeasance multiplied by the installments of principal
                        and interest required to be paid under this Note
                        (including, without limitation, all amounts due on the
                        Maturity Date) for the balance of the term hereof
                        ("Defeasance Collateral"), each of which shall be duly
                        endorsed by the holder as directed by Lender or
                        accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form
                        and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole
                        discretion (including, without limitation, such
                        instruments as may be required by the depository
                        institution holding such securities or the issuer of
                        such securities, as the case may be, to effectuate
                        book-entry transfers and pledges through the book-entry
                        facilities of such institution) in order to perfect upon
                        the delivery of the Defeasance Security Agreement (as
                        defined below) the first priority security interest in
                        the Defeasance Collateral in favor of Lender.

                  (ii)  a pledge and security agreement, in form and substance
                        satisfactory to Lender in its reasonable discretion,
                        creating a first priority security interest in favor of
                        Lender in the Defeasance Collateral ("Defeasance
                        Security Agreement"), which shall provide, among other
                        things, that any payments generated by the applicable
                        Defeasance Collateral shall be paid directly to Lender
                        and applied by Lender to amounts then due and payable
                        under this Note allocable to the Allocated Loan Amount
                        for the Properties that are the subject of the
                        applicable Defeasance and that any excess received by
                        Lender from the applicable Defeasance Collateral over
                        the amounts payable by Borrower under this Note
                        allocable to the Allocated Loan Amount for the
                        Properties that are the subject of the applicable
                        Defeasance shall be first, paid to Lender and applied by
                        Lender to any other amounts then due and payable under
                        this Note, and second, refunded to Borrower promptly
                        after each scheduled payment date;

                  (iii) a certificate of Borrower certifying that all of the
                        requirements of this Section 14.1 have been satisfied;

                  (iv)  an opinion of counsel for Borrower in form and substance
                        and delivered by counsel satisfactory to Lender in its
                        sole discretion, subject, however, to standard
                        enforceability opinion qualifications and limitations,
                        stating, among other things, that (aa) Lender has a
                        perfected first priority security interest in the
                        Defeasance Collateral, (bb) the Defeasance Security
                        Agreement is enforceable against Borrower in accordance
                        with its terms and (cc) any REMIC Trust formed pursuant
                        to a securitization will not fail to maintain its status
                        as a "real estate mortgage investment conduit" within
                        the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 860D, as
                        amended from time to time, or any successor statute, as
                        a result of the Defeasance;

                  (v)   a certificate from a firm of independent certified
                        public accountants acceptable to Lender certifying that
                        the Defeasance Collateral satisfies the requirements of
                        Section 14.1c(i);

                  (vi)  written evidence from the applicable Rating Agencies
                        that the Defeasance will not result in a downgrading,
                        withdrawal or qualification of the respective ratings in
                        effect immediately prior to the Defeasance for any
                        securities issued in connection with the securitization
                        which are then outstanding;

                  (vii) if the Property to be released pursuant to this Section
                        is either the Mid-Florida Lakes Property, the Bay Lake
                        Estates Property, the Buccaneer Estates Property or the
                        Colonies of Margate Property, then a conveyance of title
                        to the Property to be released to a Person other than a
                        Borrower;

                  (viii) such other certificates, documents or instruments as
                        Lender may reasonably require, including, without
                        limitation, such amendments to this Note and the other
                        Loan Documents as Lender reasonably deems appropriate to
                        reflect the Defeasance.


                                       9
<PAGE>   10
      14.2  RELEASE OF LIEN. Upon satisfaction of all conditions specified above
            with respect to any Defeasance, the Property subject to such
            Defeasance shall be released from the lien of the applicable
            Mortgage and the other Loan Documents to which it is subject, and
            the applicable Defeasance Collateral, any Defeasance Collateral
            previously delivered to Lender under this Note, the Remaining
            Properties and the proceeds thereof shall constitute the only
            collateral which shall secure the obligations of Borrower under this
            Note and the other Loan Documents. Simultaneously with the release
            of a Property pursuant to this Section, Lender shall release that
            portion of all cash or other accounts maintained pursuant to the
            Loan Documents relating to such Property. Lender shall, at
            Borrower's expense, execute and deliver any agreements reasonably
            requested by Borrower to release the lien of the applicable Mortgage
            from the applicable Property.

      14.3  DEFEASANCE DEPOSIT. Borrower hereby authorizes and directs Lender,
            using the means and sources customarily employed and available to
            Lender, to use the Defeasance Deposit to purchase the Defeasance
            Collateral as agent and for the account of Borrower. Payments from
            the Defeasance Collateral shall be made directly to Lender for
            application to the Loan as provided hereinabove. Any part of the
            Defeasance Deposit exceeding the amount necessary to purchase the
            Defeasance Collateral and to pay the other costs which Borrower is
            obligated to pay under this Section 14 shall be refunded to
            Borrower. Borrower agrees to pay all sums referred to in Section
            14.1b above on or before the Release Date.

      14.4  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION. Upon the release of any of the Properties
            in accordance with this Section 14, Borrower shall, at the request
            of Lender, assign all of its right, title and interest in and to the
            pledged Defeasance Collateral, any Defeasance Collateral previously
            delivered to Lender under this Note and all its obligations and
            rights under this Note, the Defeasance Security Agreement, any
            Defeasance Security Agreement previously delivered to Lender under
            this Note and the other Loan Documents, to a successor entity
            designated by Borrower and approved by Lender in its sole
            discretion. Such successor entity shall execute an assumption
            agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole
            discretion pursuant to which it shall assume Borrower's obligations
            under this Note, the Defeasance Security Agreement, any Defeasance
            Security Agreement previously delivered to Lender under this Note
            and the other Loan Documents. As conditions to such assignment and
            assumption, Borrower shall: (a) deliver to Lender a new limited
            guaranty in form and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole
            discretion executed by the principals of such successor entity; (b)
            deliver to Lender an opinion of counsel in form and substance and
            delivered by counsel satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion
            subject, however, to standard enforceability opinion qualifications
            and limitations, stating, among other things, that such assumption
            agreement is enforceable against Borrower and such successor entity
            in accordance with its terms and that this Note, the Defeasance
            Security Agreement, any Defeasance Security Agreement previously
            delivered to Lender under this Note and the other Loan Documents, as
            so assumed, are enforceable against such successor entity in
            accordance with their respective terms; and (c) pay all costs and
            expenses incurred by Lender or its agents in connection with such
            assignment and assumption (including, without limitation, the review
            of the proposed transferee and the preparation of the assumption
            agreement and related documentation). Upon such assumption, Borrower
            shall be relieved of its obligations under this Note, the Defeasance
            Security Agreement, any Defeasance Security Agreement previously
            delivered to Lender under this Note and the other Loan Documents
            other than those obligations which are specifically intended to
            survive the payment of the Loan or other termination, satisfaction
            or assignment of this Note, the Defeasance Security Agreement, any
            Defeasance Security Agreement previously delivered to Lender under
            this Note or the other Loan Documents or Lender's exercise of its
            rights and remedies under any of such documents and instruments.

15.   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. LENDER AND BORROWER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY
      AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
      RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN
      CONNECTION WITH, THIS NOTE OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF
      CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN), OR
      ACTIONS OF LENDER OR BORROWER. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR
      LENDER TO MAKE THE LOAN TO BORROWER. BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS EXECUTED NOTE,
      LENDER AGREES TO THE FOREGOING WAIVER.


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       10
<PAGE>   11
"BORROWER"

SNOWBIRDLAND VISTAS, INC.,
an Illinois corporation


By:   /s/ Jennifer Usher
   ------------------------------
Name: Jennifer Usher
     ----------------------------
Its:  AVP/Secretary
    -----------------------------

MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C.,
a Delaware limited liability company

By: MHC-QRS DATE PALM, INC.,
    a  Delaware corporation, its Managing Member

    By: /s/ John M Zoeller
       --------------------------
    Name: John M Zoeller
         ------------------------
    Its: VP
        -------------------------

MHC-DEANZA FINANCING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
an Illinois limited partnership

By: MHC-QRS DEANZA, INC.,
    an Illinois corporation, its General Partner

    By: /s/ John M Zoeller
       --------------------------
    Name: John M Zoeller
         ------------------------
    Its: VP
        -------------------------

                                       11
<PAGE>   12
                          EXHIBIT A TO PROMISSORY NOTE
                         ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS


This Exhibit A is attached to and forms a part of that Amended, Restated and
Consolidated Promissory Note ("Note") executed by MHC-DEANZA FINANCING LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, an Illinois limited partnership ("DeAnza"), SNOWBIRDLAND VISTAS,
INC., an Illinois corporation ("Snowbirdland") and MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Date Palm") (DeAnza, Date Palm and
Snowbirdland are individually and collectively, as the context requires and with
such determination to be made in the sole discretion of Lender, referred to
herein as the "Borrower") in favor of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
("Lender").

1.    DISBURSEMENT OF LOAN PROCEEDS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Borrower hereby
      authorizes Lender to disburse the proceeds of the Loan, after deducting
      any and all fees owed by Borrower to Lender in connection with the Loan,
      to Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company (the "Title Company"). With
      respect to such disbursement, Borrower understands and agrees that Lender
      does not accept responsibility for errors, acts or omissions of others,
      including, without limitation, the escrow company, other banks,
      communications carriers or clearinghouses through which the transfer of
      Loan proceeds may be made or through which Lender receives or transmits
      information, and no such entity shall be deemed Lender's agent. As a
      consequence, Lender shall not be liable to Borrower for any actual
      (whether direct or indirect), consequential or punitive damages which may
      arise with respect to the disbursement of Loan proceeds, whether or not
      (a) any claim for such damages is based on tort or contract, or (b) either
      Lender or Borrower knew or should have known of the likelihood of such
      damages in any situation.

2.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

      2.1   STATEMENTS REQUIRED. During the term of the Loan and while any
            liabilities of Borrower to Lender under any of the Loan Documents
            remain outstanding and unless Lender otherwise consents in writing,
            Borrower shall provide to Lender the following:

            a.    OPERATING STATEMENT. Not later than 10 days after and as of
                  each calendar month during the first 6 months of the term of
                  the Loan, and thereafter not later than 30 days after and as
                  of the end of each calendar quarter, an operating statement,
                  signed and dated by Borrower and in a form acceptable to
                  Lender, showing all revenues and expenses during such month or
                  quarter and year-to-date, relating to each of the Properties,
                  including, without limitation, all information requested under
                  any of the Loan Documents;

            b.    RENT ROLL. Not later than 10 days after and as of each
                  calendar month during the first 6 months of the term of the
                  Loan, and thereafter not later than 30 days after and as of
                  the end of each calendar quarter, a rent roll signed and dated
                  by Borrower and in a form acceptable to Lender, showing the
                  following lease information with regard to each tenant: the
                  name of the tenant, monthly or other periodic rental amount,
                  date of commencement of the lease, and payment status;

            c.    BALANCE SHEET. If requested by Lender, not later than 90 days
                  after and as of the end of each fiscal year, a balance sheet,
                  signed and dated by Borrower and in a form acceptable to
                  Lender (or audited financial statements if Borrower obtains
                  them), showing all assets and liabilities of Borrower; and

            d.    OTHER INFORMATION. From time to time, upon Lender's delivery
                  to Borrower of at least 10 days' prior written notice, such
                  other information with regard to Borrower, principals of
                  Borrower, guarantors or the Properties as Lender may
                  reasonably request in writing.

      2.2   FORM; WARRANTY. Borrower agrees that all financial statements to be
            delivered to Lender pursuant to Section 2.1 shall: (a) be complete
            and correct in all material respects; (b) present fairly the
            financial condition of the party; (c) disclose all liabilities that
            are required to be reflected or reserved against; and (d) be
            prepared in accordance with the same accounting standard used by
            Borrower to prepare the financial statements delivered to and
            approved by Lender in connection with the making of the Loan or
            other accounting standards


                                   EXHIBIT A

                                       1
<PAGE>   13
            acceptable to Lender. Borrower shall be deemed to warrant and
            represent that, as of the date of delivery of any such financial
            statement, there has been no material adverse change in financial
            condition, nor have any assets or properties been sold, transferred,
            assigned, mortgaged, pledged or encumbered since the date of such
            financial statement except as disclosed by Borrower in a writing
            delivered to Lender. Borrower agrees that all rent rolls and other
            information to be delivered to Lender pursuant to Section 2.1 shall
            not contain any misrepresentation or omission of a material fact.

      2.3   LATE CHARGE. If any financial statement, leasing schedule or other
            item required to be delivered to Lender pursuant to Section 2.1 is
            not timely delivered, Borrower shall promptly pay to Lender, as a
            late charge, the sum of $500 per item. In addition, Borrower shall
            promptly pay to Lender an additional late charge of $500 per item
            for each full month during which such item remains undelivered
            following written notice from Lender. Borrower acknowledges that
            Lender will incur additional expenses as a result of any such late
            deliveries, which expenses would be impracticable to quantify, and
            that Borrower's payments under this Section 2.3 are a reasonable
            estimate of such expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
            contained herein, once during each year of the term of the Loan
            Lender will give notice to Borrower of its failure to provide any
            item required to be delivered to Lender pursuant to Section 2.1 and
            if any such items are not delivered within three (3) Business Days
            following such notice, then at such time the late charge specified
            herein shall take effect.

3.    IMPOUNDS.

      3.1   AMOUNTS. Borrower shall deposit with Lender the amounts ("Impounds")
            stated below on the dates stated below, for the purpose of paying
            the costs stated below:

            a.    TAXES. (i) $1,549,779.00 on the Disbursement Date, and (ii) on
                  the first payment date on which both principal and interest
                  under the Loan are payable and on each payment date
                  thereafter, an amount estimated from time to time by Lender in
                  its reasonable discretion to be sufficient to pay for taxes
                  and other liabilities payable by Borrower under Section 6.9 of
                  each of the Mortgages. The initial estimated monthly amount to
                  be deposited by Borrower on each payment date is $210,110.00.

            b.    INSURANCE. (i) $56,600.00 on the Disbursement Date, and (ii)
                  on the first payment date on which both principal and interest
                  under the Loan are payable and on each payment date
                  thereafter, an amount estimated from time to time by Lender in
                  its reasonable discretion to be sufficient to pay for premiums
                  for insurance payable by Borrower under Section 6.10 of each
                  of the Mortgages. The initial estimated monthly amount to be
                  deposited by Borrower on each payment date is $7,075.00.

            c.    DEFERRED MAINTENANCE. $78,413.00 on the Disbursement Date for
                  Deferred Maintenance Work (defined below).

            d.    CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. $21,131.17 on the first payment date on
                  which both principal and interest under the Loan are payable
                  and on each payment date thereafter for payment or
                  reimbursement of Capital Expenditures (defined below).
                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, once $760,722.12 is held in
                  this account (the "Capped Amount"), Borrower may temporarily
                  cease making payments to this account; provided, however, that
                  upon a release of Impounds from this account causing the
                  amount held in such account to drop beneath the Capped Amount,
                  Borrower must immediately resume payments on each payment date
                  until such time as the Capped Amount has been reached.

3.2   APPLICATION.

      a.    TAXES. If no Default exists, Lender shall apply the Impounds in a
            timely fashion to the payment of the taxes and other liabilities
            stated above.

      b.    INSURANCE. If no Default exists, Lender shall apply the Impounds to
            the payment of the insurance premiums stated above.

      c.    DEFERRED MAINTENANCE WORK. If no Default exists, Lender shall
            release the Impounds to Borrower once a quarter, no less than
            $25,000.00 per release, to pay or reimburse Borrower for the
            Deferred


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       2
<PAGE>   14
            Maintenance Work (defined below); provided, however, that Lender
            shall have received and approved each of the following:

            (i)   Borrower's written request for such release, describing the
                  Deferred Maintenance Work and a cost breakdown thereof in
                  reasonable detail, and certifying that all such Deferred
                  Maintenance Work has been completed lien-free and in a
                  workmanlike manner; and

            (ii)  an inspection report signed by an inspector selected by
                  Lender, whose fees and expenses shall be paid by Borrower, and
                  such other evidence as Lender shall require, confirming
                  Borrower's certification.

      d.    CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. If no Default exists, Lender shall release the
            Impounds to Borrower once a quarter, no less than $50,000.00 per
            release, to pay or reimburse Borrower for the Capital Expenditures
            (defined below); provided, however, that Lender shall have received
            and approved each of the following:

            (i)   Borrower's written request for such release, describing the
                  Capital Expenditures and certifying that all Capital
                  Expenditures have been paid or incurred by Borrower for work
                  completed lien-free and in a workmanlike manner;

            (ii)  copies of invoices supporting the request for such release;
                  and

            (iii) if deemed necessary by Lender, an inspection report signed by
                  an inspector selected by Lender, whose fees and expenses shall
                  be paid by Borrower, and such other evidence as Lender shall
                  reasonably require, confirming borrower's certification.

3.3   GENERAL. Any portion of the Impounds that exceeds the amount required for
      payment of the foregoing costs shall be repaid to Borrower upon Borrower's
      compliance with the foregoing. Reference is made to Section 6.12(b) of
      each of the Mortgages for a description of the account into which the
      Impounds shall be deposited and for a description of certain rights and
      remedies of Lender with respect to amounts in such account.

3.4   MAINTENANCE AND CONSTRUCTION.

      a.    DEFERRED MAINTENANCE WORK. Borrower shall complete the lien-free
            performance of the Deferred Maintenance Work (as defined below) on
            or before December 31, 2000. Borrower shall perform the Deferred
            Maintenance Work in a workmanlike manner and in accordance with all
            applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations. "Deferred
            Maintenance Work" shall mean the repairs to the roof drain, gazebo,
            waste water treatment plant, asphalt, pool, fence and water heater
            all as more fully described in the Property Condition Survey dated
            May 22, 2000, prepared by National Assessment Corporation with
            respect to the Colonies of Margate Property and Mid-Florida Lakes
            Property, and prepared by Integrated Property Analysis, Inc. with
            respect to the DeAnza Santa Cruz Property.

      b.    CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. Borrower shall complete the lien-free
            performance or installation of the Capital Expenditures (as defined
            below) from time to time as necessary, in a workmanlike manner and
            in accordance with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and
            regulations. "Capital Expenditures" shall mean major repairs and
            replacements to maintain or improve the Properties, including,
            without limitation, structural repairs, roof replacements, HVAC
            repairs and replacements, mechanical and plumbing repairs and
            replacements and boiler repair and replacements.

      c.    RIGHT OF INSPECTION. Lender shall have the right to enter upon the
            Properties at all reasonable times, subject to reasonable notice
            except in the event of an emergency, in which case no notice shall
            be required, to inspect all work for the purpose of verifying
            information disclosed or required pursuant to this Note, in a manner
            which does not unreasonably interfere with the operations on the
            Properties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender shall not be
            obligated to supervise or inspect any work or to inform Borrower or
            any third party regarding any aspect of any work.


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       3
<PAGE>   15
3.5   RELEASE. Lender shall release any Impounds to Borrower through a funds
      transfer of such Impounds initiated by Lender to the following account or
      such other account as Borrower specifies in a notice to Lender:

                  Bank Name:  Bank of America
            ABA Routing No.:  071-000039
               Account Name:  7366-9-01095
                  Reference:  MHC Operating Limited Partnership
                     Advise:  Megan McBride (312) 828-6274

            Lender will determine the funds transfer system and other means to
            be used in making each such release. Borrower agrees that each such
            funds transfer initiated by Lender will be deemed to be a funds
            transfer properly authorized by Borrower, even if the transfer is
            not actually properly authorized by Borrower. Borrower acknowledges
            that Lender will rely on the account number and ABA routing number
            set forth above or specified in a notice from Borrower to Lender,
            even if such account number identifies an account with a name
            different from the name so specified, or the routing number
            identifies a bank different from the bank so specified. If Borrower
            learns of any error in the transfer of any Impounds or of any
            transfer which was not properly authorized, Borrower shall notify
            Lender as soon as possible in writing but in no case more than 14
            days after Lender's first confirmation to Borrower of such transfer.

4.    ONE-TIME RIGHT OF TRANSFER OF PROPERTY TO THIRD PARTY. Notwithstanding
      anything to the contrary contained in Section 6.15 of the Mortgages,
      Lender shall, one time only, consent to the voluntary sale or exchange of
      all (but not less than all) of the Properties to a bona-fide third party
      purchaser ("Transfer"), if no Default has occurred and is continuing, no
      event has occurred which, with the giving of notice or the passage of
      time, or both, would constitute a Default and all of the following
      conditions have been satisfied:

      4.1   Lender receives at least sixty-five (65) days prior written notice
            of the proposed Transfer;

      4.2   Lender's reasonable determination that the proposed purchaser, the
            proposed guarantor, if any, and the Properties all satisfy Lender's
            then applicable credit review and underwriting standards, taking
            into consideration, among other things, (a) any decrease in the
            Properties' cash flow which would result from any increase in real
            property taxes due to any anticipated reassessment of the Properties
            for tax purposes and (b) any then applicable requirement of Lender
            that such proposed borrowing entity constitute a single purpose
            asset and bankruptcy remote entity which, at the time of the
            Transfer, shall be in full compliance with the representations and
            covenants set forth in Section 5.2 of the Mortgages (as such
            representations may be reasonably modified by Lender after reviewing
            the ownership structure of the proposed borrowing entity);

      4.3   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of a non-consolidation
            opinion from a law firm reasonably acceptable to Lender and in form
            and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

      4.4   Lender's reasonable determination that the proposed purchaser
            possesses satisfactory recent experience in the ownership and
            operation of properties comparable to the Properties;

      4.5   the execution and delivery to Lender of such documents and
            instruments as Lender shall reasonably require, in form and content
            reasonably satisfactory to Lender, including, without limitation,
            (i) an assumption agreement under which the purchaser assumes all
            obligations and liabilities of Borrower under this Note and the
            other Loan Documents and agrees to periodically pay such new or
            additional Impounds to Lender as Lender may reasonably require, and
            (ii) a consent to the Transfer by any existing guarantor and a
            reaffirmation of such guarantor's obligations and liabilities under
            any guaranty made in connection with the Loan or a new guaranty
            executed by a new guarantor reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

      4.6   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of evidence of title
            insurance reasonably satisfactory to Lender insuring Lender that the
            liens of the Mortgages and the priority thereof will not be impaired
            or affected by reason of such Transfer of the Properties;

      4.7   payment to Lender of an assumption fee equal to 0.5% of the then
            outstanding principal balance of this Note;

      4.8   if reasonably required by Lender, deposit with Lender of any new or
            additional Impounds;


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       4
<PAGE>   16
      4.9   reimbursement to Lender of any and all costs and expenses paid or
            incurred by Lender in connection with such Transfer, including,
            without limitation, all in-house or outside counsel attorneys' fees,
            title insurance fees, appraisal fees, inspection fees, environmental
            consultant's fees and any fees or charges of the applicable Rating
            Agencies;

      4.10  if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of written evidence from
            the applicable Rating Agencies that such Transfer will not result in
            a downgrading, withdrawal or qualification of the respective ratings
            in effect immediately prior to the Transfer for any securities
            issued in connection with the securitization of the Loan which are
            then outstanding; and

      4.11  any third party consents or approvals that are required in order to
            consummate the contemplated transaction shall have been obtained and
            Lender shall be provided with satisfactory evidence of same.

Lender shall fully release Borrower and any existing guarantor from any further
obligation or liability to Lender under this Note and the other Loan Documents
upon the assumption by the purchaser and any new guarantor of all such
obligations and liabilities and the satisfaction of all other conditions
precedent to a Transfer in accordance with the provisions of this Section.

5.    TRANSFER OF PROPERTY TO AN AFFILIATE. Notwithstanding anything to the
      contrary contained in Section 6.15 of the Mortgage, Lender shall one time
      only with respect to each of the Properties consent to either (a) the
      voluntary sale or exchange of such Property by deed to an Affiliate of
      Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. ("MHC") or (b) the assignment by
      DeAnza of any Nominee Agreement executed by and between DeAnza, as
      Principal, and Snowbirdland, as Agent, pertaining to such Property, to an
      Affiliate of MHC (both of which are referred to herein as an "Affiliate
      Transfer"), if no Default has occurred and is continuing, no event has
      occurred which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both,
      would constitute a Default and all of the following conditions have been
      satisfied:

      5.1   Lender receives at least sixty-five (65) days prior written notice
            of the proposed Affiliate Transfer;

      5.2   Lender's reasonable determination that (a) such Property's cash flow
            will not be materially and adversely impacted due to any increase in
            real property taxes resulting from the Affiliate Transfer and (b)
            the Affiliate of MHC satisfies any then applicable requirement of
            Lender that such proposed borrowing entity constitute a single
            purpose asset and bankruptcy remote entity which, at the time of the
            transfer, shall be in full compliance with the representations and
            covenants set forth in Section 5.2 of the Mortgage encumbering such
            Property (as such representations may be reasonably modified by
            Lender after reviewing the ownership structure of the proposed
            borrowing entity);

      5.3   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of a non-consolidation
            opinion from a law firm reasonably acceptable to Lender and in form
            and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

      5.4   the execution and delivery to Lender of such documents and
            instruments as Lender shall reasonably require, in form and content
            reasonably satisfactory to Lender, including, without limitation,
            (i) an assumption agreement under which the purchaser assumes all
            obligations and liabilities of Borrower under this Note and the
            other Loan Documents and agrees to periodically pay such new or
            additional Impounds to Lender as Lender may reasonably require, and
            (ii) a consent to the Affiliate Transfer by any existing guarantor
            and a reaffirmation of such guarantor's obligations and liabilities
            under any guaranty made in connection with the Loan or a new
            guaranty executed by a new guarantor reasonably satisfactory to
            Lender;

      5.5   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of evidence of title
            insurance reasonably satisfactory to Lender insuring Lender that the
            lien of such Mortgage and the priority thereof will not be impaired
            or affected by reason of such Affiliate Transfer of any such
            Property;

      5.6   reimbursement to Lender of any and all costs and expenses paid or
            incurred by Lender in connection with such Affiliate Transfer,
            including, without limitation, all in-house or outside counsel
            attorneys' fees, title insurance fees, appraisal fees, inspection
            fees, environmental consultant's fees and any fees or charges of the
            applicable Rating Agencies;

      5.7   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of written evidence from
            the applicable Rating Agencies that such Affiliate Transfer will not
            result in a downgrading, withdrawal or qualification of the
            respective ratings in


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       5
<PAGE>   17
            effect immediately prior to the Affiliate Transfer for any
            securities issued in connection with the securitization of the Loan
            which are then outstanding; and

      5.8   any third party consents or approvals that are required in order to
            consummate the contemplated transaction shall have been obtained and
            Lender shall be provided with satisfactory evidence of same.

      Lender shall fully release Borrower from any further obligation or
      liability to Lender under this Note and the other Loan Documents upon the
      assumption by the Affiliate of all such obligations and liabilities and
      the satisfaction of all other conditions precedent to an Affiliate
      Transfer in accordance with the provisions of this Section. In addition to
      the Affiliate Transfer permitted above, Lender's consent shall not be
      required for the normal day to day trading of shares of MHC in the public
      securities market and such transactions shall not constitute an Affiliate
      Transfer hereunder.

6.    REPLACEMENT PROPERTIES. Upon at least 65 days' but not more than 90 days'
      written notice to Lender specifying the date of Borrower's intended
      substitution ("Substitution Date"), which date shall be a scheduled
      payment date, Borrower may elect to cause Lender to release one or more of
      the Properties from the lien of the Mortgage encumbering such Property,
      provided that simultaneously with such release, Borrower shall execute and
      deliver to Lender, as security for the Loan, a mortgage, deed of trust or
      deed to secure debt, as applicable ("Replacement Mortgage"), encumbering a
      manufactured housing community property ("Replacement Property"), in
      substantially the same form as the Mortgage to be released, such other
      documents as Lender may reasonably require for the purpose of granting
      Lender a first priority, perfected lien on and security interest in such
      Replacement Property and all related rents, personal property, reserves
      and escrows on the same terms and conditions as the liens and security
      interests granted to Lender in such Property on the Effective Date, and
      such other modifications and amendments to the Loan Documents as may be
      necessitated due to the substitution of the Replacement Property for the
      Property that will be released (all of the foregoing, together with the
      Replacement Mortgage, the "Replacement Documents").

      6.1   Borrower's right to obtain a release of a Property shall also be
            subject to the following conditions and restrictions:

            a.    no Default shall have occurred and be continuing and no event
                  has occurred which, with the giving of notice or the passage
                  of time, or both, would constitute a Default;

            b.    Borrower shall not, over the life of the Loan, be entitled to
                  replace Properties having, in the aggregate, an Allocated Loan
                  Amount of more thirty percent (30%) of the Loan;

            c.    at least sixty-five (65) days prior to the proposed date of
                  such release, Lender shall have obtained an appraisal of the
                  Replacement Property and, if required by Lender, updated
                  appraisals of the Remaining Properties, prepared by Cushman &
                  Wakefield, or such other third-party real estate professional
                  that is approved by the Rating Agencies, indicating that the
                  Loan-to-Value Ratio as of the date of such release, obtained
                  by using the "as-is" value of the proposed Replacement
                  Property set forth in such appraisal together with the "as-is"
                  value of the Remaining Properties as of the date of such
                  proposed release if new appraisals are required by Lender for
                  the Remaining Properties, or as of the Disbursement Date if
                  new appraisals are not required by Lender, is at least equal
                  to the Loan-to-Value Ratio existing on the Disbursement Date
                  which is sixty-three percent (63%);

            d.    Lender shall have obtained a Phase I environmental report and,
                  if recommended by such Phase I report, a Phase II
                  environmental report prepared by The SI Group, Inc., or such
                  other environmental consultant as is approved by the Rating
                  Agencies, stating that the Replacement Property complies with
                  all applicable environmental laws;

            e.    Lender shall have obtained an engineering report, prepared by
                  National Assessment Corporation, or such other consulting
                  engineer as is approved by the Rating Agencies, stating that
                  the Replacement Property complies with all applicable building
                  laws and does not require performance of deferred maintenance,
                  or if remedial steps are required to effect such compliance or
                  such deferred maintenance, identifying such steps and
                  projecting the cost thereof, which may not exceed $50,000.00,
                  and in which case Borrower shall be required to deposit with
                  Lender an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of
                  such projected costs, which shall be deemed Impounds to be
                  released substantially in accordance with the provisions
                  contained in Section 3 of Exhibit A to this Note;

                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       6
<PAGE>   18
            f.    Borrower shall have caused to be delivered all leases, title
                  commitments, title insurance policies, surveys, hazard and
                  liability insurance, evidence of compliance with zoning and
                  other laws, legal opinions and other items of due diligence
                  with respect to the Replacement Property as the Rating
                  Agencies may require, all of which shall be in form and
                  substance acceptable to the Rating Agencies;

            g.    the Debt Service Coverage Ratio, calculated by substituting
                  the Net Operating Income of the Replacement Property for the
                  Net Operating Income of the Property to be released, combined
                  with the Net Operating Income of the Remaining Properties, as
                  of the time of such release shall be at least equal to the
                  Debt Service Coverage Ratio existing on the Disbursement Date
                  which is 1.41 to 1;

            h.    the Person transferring the Replacement Property to a Borrower
                  shall be solvent and shall be making such transfer on an arm's
                  length basis and for fair consideration, and such Borrower and
                  such Person shall deliver certifications and evidence to such
                  effect and such other certifications as Lender shall
                  reasonably require to assure itself that the substitution does
                  not constitute a fraudulent conveyance on the part of any
                  Person (assuming such Person was not solvent at the time of
                  substitution);

            i.    Borrower shall comply with such other terms and conditions as
                  the Rating Agencies shall require in connection with such
                  substitution;

            j.    the organizational documents of the applicable Borrower shall,
                  if required, be modified to permit the ownership and operation
                  of the Replacement Property;

            k.    an opinion of counsel for Borrower in form and substance and
                  delivered by counsel satisfactory to Lender in its sole
                  discretion stating, among other things, that any REMIC Trust
                  formed pursuant to a securitization will not fail to maintain
                  its status as a "real estate mortgage investment conduit"
                  within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 860D, as
                  amended from time to time, or any successor statute, as a
                  result of the release of such Property and the substitution of
                  the Replacement Property;

            l.    the applicable Borrower shall transfer title to the Property
                  to be released to a Person other than such Borrower or any
                  other Borrower;

            m.    written evidence from the applicable Rating Agencies that the
                  proposed release of such Property and substitution of the
                  Replacement Property will not result in a downgrading,
                  withdrawal or qualification of the respective ratings in
                  effect immediately prior to such release and substitution for
                  any securities issued in connection with the securitization
                  which are then outstanding;

            n.    any third party consents or approvals that are required in
                  order to consummate the contemplated transaction shall have
                  been obtained and Lender shall be provided with satisfactory
                  evidence of same;

            o.    delivery to Lender of evidence of title insurance reasonably
                  satisfactory to Lender; and

            p.    reimbursement to Lender of any and all costs and expenses paid
                  or incurred by Lender in connection with the request to
                  substitute a Replacement Property, including, without
                  limitation, all in-house or outside counsel attorneys' fees,
                  title insurance fees, appraisal fees, inspection fees,
                  environmental consultant's fees and any fees or charges of the
                  applicable Rating Agencies.

7.    CONTRIBUTION AMONG THE ENTITIES THAT COMPRISE THE  BORROWER.

      7.1   CONTRIBUTION. To provide for just and equitable contribution among
            the entities that comprise the Borrower, if any payment is made by a
            Borrower (a "Funding Borrower") hereunder or under any other Loan
            Document in respect of the Secured Obligations (as defined in each
            of the Mortgages), such Funding Borrower shall be entitled to a
            contribution from the other entities that comprise the Borrower for
            all payments, damages and expenses incurred by such Funding Borrower
            under or in connection with such Secured Obligations, such
            contributions to be made in the manner and to the extent set forth
            below. Any amount payable as a contribution under this Note shall be
            determined as of the date on which the related payment is made by a
            Funding Borrower.

                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       7
<PAGE>   19
      7.2   CALCULATION OF CONTRIBUTIONS. Each Borrower shall be liable for
            contribution to each Funding Borrower in respect of all payments,
            damages and expenses incurred by such Funding Borrower hereunder or
            under any other Loan Document in an aggregate amount, subject to
            Section 7.3 hereof, equal to (i) the ratio of (x) the Property Worth
            of the applicable Property owned by such Borrower to (y) the
            Property Worth of the Properties owned by all of the entities that
            comprise the Borrower, multiplied by (ii) the aggregate amount of
            such payments, damages and expenses incurred by such Funding
            Borrower under or in connection with the Secured Obligations.

      7.3   RIGHTS TO CONTRIBUTION SUBORDINATED. Each Borrower agrees that all
            of its rights to receive contributions under this Section 7 (whether
            for payments, damages, expenses or otherwise) and all of its rights,
            if any, to be subrogated to any of the rights of Lender shall be
            subordinated in right of payment (in liquidation or otherwise) to
            the prior payment in full in cash of all of the Secured Obligations
            (whether for principal, interest, premium or otherwise). If any
            amount shall at any time be paid to a Borrower on account of such
            rights of contribution or subrogation, or in contravention of the
            provisions of this Section 7.3 at any time, such amount shall be
            held in trust, segregated from the other assets of such Borrower,
            for the benefit of the Lender and shall promptly be paid to the
            Lender. The foregoing shall constitute a continuing offer to, and
            agreement with, all persons that from time to time may become
            holders of, or continue to hold, Secured Obligations under this
            Note, and the provisions of the foregoing sentence are made for the
            benefit of such holders and such holders, as third party
            beneficiaries hereunder, are entitled to enforce such provisions.

8.    DATE PALM COUNTRY CLUB PROPERTY TRANSFERS. Notwithstanding anything to the
      contrary contained in Section 6.15 of the Mortgage, and in addition to the
      rights contained in Section 5 of this Exhibit A, Lender shall one time
      only with respect to the Date Palm Country Club Property consent to either
      (a) the voluntary transfer of the Date Palm Country Club Property by
      assignment of lease to DeAnza or (b) the assignment of all or any portion
      of the membership interests in Date Palm to DeAnza (both of which are
      referred to herein as the "Date Palm Transfer"), if no Default has
      occurred and is continuing, no event has occurred which, with the giving
      of notice or the passage of time, or both, would constitute a Default and
      all of the following conditions have been satisfied:

      8.1   Lender receives at least sixty-five (65) days prior written notice
            of the proposed Date Palm Transfer;

      8.2   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of a non-consolidation
            opinion from a law firm reasonably acceptable to Lender and in form
            and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

      8.3   the execution and delivery to Lender of such documents and
            instruments as Lender shall reasonably require, in form and content
            reasonably satisfactory to Lender, including, without limitation, a
            consent to the Date Palm Transfer by any existing guarantor and a
            reaffirmation of such guarantor's obligations and liabilities under
            any guaranty made in connection with the Loan or a new guaranty
            executed by a new guarantor reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

      8.4   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of evidence of title
            insurance reasonably satisfactory to Lender insuring Lender that the
            lien of such Mortgage and the priority thereof will not be impaired
            or affected by reason of such Date Palm Transfer;

      8.5   reimbursement to Lender of any and all costs and expenses paid or
            incurred by Lender in connection with such Date Palm Transfer,
            including, without limitation, all in-house or outside counsel
            attorneys' fees, title insurance fees, appraisal fees, inspection
            fees, environmental consultant's fees and any fees or charges of the
            applicable Rating Agencies;

      8.6   if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of written evidence from
            the applicable Rating Agencies that such Date Palm Transfer will not
            result in a downgrading, withdrawal or qualification of the
            respective ratings in effect immediately prior to the Date Palm
            Transfer for any securities issued in connection with the
            securitization of the Loan which are then outstanding; and

      8.7   any third party consents or approvals that are required in order to
            consummate the contemplated transaction shall have been obtained and
            Lender shall be provided with satisfactory evidence of same.

If the Date Palm Transfer consists of an assignment of lease to DeAnza, then
Lender shall fully release Date Palm from any further obligation or liability to
Lender under this Note and the other Loan Documents upon the assumption by
DeAnza of all


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       8
<PAGE>   20
such obligations and liabilities and the satisfaction of all other conditions
precedent to the Date Palm Transfer in accordance with the provisions of this
Section.

9.    DATE PALM APPROVAL, REPLACEMENT OR REPAYMENT. In the event that Borrower
      has not obtained the approval of the Bureau of Indian Affairs with respect
      to the Loan (the "Date Palm Approval") by the Effective Date, then the
      Title Company will not record the Date Palm Leasehold Deed of Trust and
      Lender will not disburse to Borrower the Allocated Loan Amount
      attributable to the Date Palm Country Club Property in the amount of
      $15,750,000 (the "Date Palm Escrow"). Instead, Lender shall disburse the
      Date Palm Escrow into an interest-bearing pledged account maintained by
      Lender for the benefit of Borrower until such time as Borrower has
      delivered evidence of the Date Palm Approval to Lender in form and
      substance satisfactory to Lender, together with such other documents and
      instruments that were to be delivered to Lender on or before the Effective
      Date if the Date Palm Approval had been obtained on or before the
      Effective Date (the "Date Palm Ground Lease Documents"). Upon delivery of
      the Date Palm Approval and the Date Palm Ground Lease Documents, Lender
      shall disburse the Date Palm Escrow and the Title Company will be directed
      to record the Date Palm Leasehold Deed of Trust.

      The Date Palm Escrow shall constitute Collateral (as defined in the
      Mortgages). Upon any Default, Lender shall have the right, in addition to
      any other rights of Lender under the Loan Documents, to foreclose its
      security interest in the Date Palm Escrow and apply the sums in the Date
      Palm Escrow to the repayment of the indebtedness outstanding under this
      Note in such order as Lender shall determine. At any time and from time to
      time, promptly upon Lender's request, Borrower shall execute such
      additional documents and instruments as Lender shall reasonably deem
      necessary or desirable for the purpose of confirming and perfecting
      Lender's security interest in the Date Palm Escrow.

      In the event Borrower is unable to obtain the Date Palm Approval and the
      Date Palm Ground Lease Documents by September 1, 2000 (the "Date Palm
      Determination Date"), then on the Date Palm Determination Date Borrower
      must either: (1) pay down the Loan ("Date Palm Repayment Option") in the
      amount of the Date Palm Escrow with no prepayment charge, but subject to
      the payment of Hedge Losses (as hereinafter defined) or (2) substitute for
      the Date Palm Country Club Property a Replacement Property ("Date Palm
      Replacement Option") by providing written notice to Lender on or before
      August 1, 2000 ("Date Palm Notification Date") specifying Borrower's
      intention to replace the Date Palm Country Club Property with the
      Replacement Property. Borrower shall reimburse Lender for any and all
      costs and expenses paid or incurred by Lender in connection with the Date
      Palm Approval, the Date Palm Repayment Option and the Date Palm
      Replacement Option, including, without limitation, all in-house or outside
      counsel attorneys' fees and any title insurance fees, appraisal fees,
      inspection fees and environmental consultant's fees.

      9.1   In the event Borrower exercises the Date Palm Repayment Option, at
            such time as Lender has received payment of the Hedge Losses, Lender
            shall direct the Title Company to return the Date Palm Leasehold
            Deed of Trust to Borrower, together with such other documents held
            in escrow by the Title Company pertaining to the Date Palm Country
            Club Property. Lender shall fully release Date Palm from any further
            obligation or liability to Lender under this Note and the other Loan
            Documents upon the satisfaction of all other conditions precedent to
            the Date Palm Repayment Option in accordance with the provisions of
            this Section. Borrower acknowledges that, in connection with the
            making of this Loan, Lender has initiated either a short sale or
            purchase of United States Treasury Note future or option contracts,
            as well as other interest rate arrangements (collectively referred
            to herein as the "Hedge Agreements") based upon the full amount of
            the Loan and the full term of the Loan. Accordingly, the Date Palm
            Repayment Option may cause Lender to incur certain losses, costs,
            and expenses in connection with the Hedge Agreements attributable to
            the funds on deposit in the Date Palm Escrow ("Hedge Losses").
            Borrower agrees to be liable for the Hedge Losses, if any, in the
            event it exercises the Date Palm Repayment Option.

      9.2   In the event that Borrower exercises the Date Palm Replacement
            Option, then Lender will direct the Title Company to return the Date
            Palm Leasehold Deed of Trust to Borrower, together with such other
            documents held in escrow by the Title Company pertaining to the Date
            Palm Country Club Property, provided that simultaneously with such
            return, Borrower shall execute and deliver to Lender, as security
            for the Loan, a Replacement Mortgage encumbering the Replacement
            Property, in substantially the same form as the other Mortgages, and
            such other documents as Lender may reasonably require for the
            purpose of granting Lender a first priority, perfected lien on and
            security interest in such Replacement Property and all related
            rents, personal property, reserves and escrows on the same terms and
            conditions as the liens and security interests granted to Lender in
            the other Properties on the Effective Date, and such other
            modifications and amendments to the Loan Documents as may be
            necessitated due to the substitution of the Replacement Property for
            the Date


                                       9
<PAGE>   21
            Palm Country Club Property (all of the foregoing, together with the
            Replacement Mortgage, the "Date Palm Replacement Documents").

      9.3   Borrower's right to replace the Date Palm Country Club Property with
            a Replacement Property shall also be subject to the following
            conditions and restrictions, which if not met by the Date Palm
            Determination Date will result in a determination that Borrower has
            elected the Date Palm Repayment Option:

            a.    as of the Date Palm Determination Date, no Default shall have
                  occurred and be continuing and no event has occurred which,
                  with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both,
                  would constitute a Default;

            b.    Lender shall have obtained an appraisal of the Replacement
                  Property and, if required by Lender, updated appraisals of the
                  Remaining Properties, prepared by Cushman & Wakefield, or such
                  other third-party real estate professional that is approved by
                  Lender, indicating that the Loan-to-Value Ratio as of the Date
                  Palm Determination Date, obtained by using the "as-is" value
                  of the proposed Replacement Property set forth in such
                  appraisal together with the "as-is" value of the Remaining
                  Properties as of the Date Palm Determination Date if new
                  appraisals are required by Lender for the Remaining
                  Properties, or as of the Disbursement Date if new appraisals
                  are not required by Lender, is at least equal to the
                  Loan-to-Value Ratio existing on the Disbursement Date which is
                  sixty-three percent (63%);

            c.    Lender shall have obtained a Phase I environmental report and,
                  if recommended by such Phase I report, a Phase II
                  environmental report prepared by The SI Group, Inc., or such
                  other environmental consultant as is approved by Lender,
                  stating that the Replacement Property complies with all
                  applicable environmental laws;

            d.    Lender shall have obtained an engineering report, prepared by
                  National Assessment Corporation, or such other consulting
                  engineer as is approved by Lender, stating that the
                  Replacement Property complies with all applicable building
                  laws and does not require performance of deferred maintenance,
                  or if remedial steps are required to effect such compliance or
                  such deferred maintenance, identifying such steps and
                  projecting the cost thereof, which may not exceed $50,000.00,
                  and in which case Borrower shall be required to deposit with
                  Lender an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of
                  such projected costs, which shall be deemed Impounds to be
                  released substantially in accordance with the provisions
                  contained in Section 3 of Exhibit A to this Note;

            e.    Borrower shall have caused to be delivered on or before the
                  Date Palm Notification Date all leases, title commitments,
                  title insurance policies, surveys, hazard and liability
                  insurance, evidence of compliance with zoning and other laws,
                  legal opinions and other items of due diligence with respect
                  to the Replacement Property as Lender may require, and which
                  were delineated in the loan application letter between Lender
                  and Borrower, all of which shall be in form and substance
                  acceptable to Lender;

            f.    the Debt Service Coverage Ratio, calculated by substituting
                  the Net Operating Income of the Replacement Property for the
                  Net Operating Income of the Date Palm Country Club Property,
                  combined with the Net Operating Income of the Remaining
                  Properties, as of the Date Palm Determination Date shall be at
                  least equal to the Debt Service Coverage Ratio existing on the
                  Disbursement Date which is 1.41 to 1;

            g.    the Person transferring the Replacement Property to a Borrower
                  shall be solvent and shall be making such transfer on an arm's
                  length basis and for fair consideration, and such Borrower and
                  such Person shall deliver certifications and evidence to such
                  effect and such other certifications as Lender shall
                  reasonably require to assure itself that the substitution does
                  not constitute a fraudulent conveyance on the part of any
                  Person (assuming such Person was not solvent at the time of
                  substitution);

            h.    the organizational documents of the applicable Borrower shall,
                  if required, be modified to permit the ownership and operation
                  of the Replacement Property;

            i.    if the Replacement Property is acquired by Date Palm, then
                  Date Palm shall transfer title to the Date Palm Country Club
                  Property to a Person other than Date Palm or any other
                  Borrower;


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       10
<PAGE>   22
            j.    if the Replacement Property is acquired by a Borrower other
                  than Date Palm, then Date Palm shall be fully released from
                  any further obligation or liability to Lender under this Note
                  and the other Loan Documents upon the satisfaction of all
                  other conditions precedent to the Date Palm Replacement Option
                  in accordance with the provisions of this Section;

            k.    any third party consents or approvals that are required in
                  order to consummate the contemplated transaction shall have
                  been obtained and Lender shall be provided with satisfactory
                  evidence of same; and

            l.    delivery to Lender of evidence of title insurance reasonably
                  satisfactory to Lender.

Borrower acknowledges and agrees that in order for Lender to obtain and analyze
the third party reports specified in Subsections 9.3(b), (c) and (d) of Exhibit
A of this Note before the Date Palm Determination Date, Borrower will need to
identify the Replacement Property to Lender before the Date Palm Notification
Date. Borrower further acknowledges and agrees that in no event shall Lender be
liable to Borrower in any aspect whatsoever in the event that the conditions
specified in 9.3(b), (c) and (d) of Exhibit A of this Note have not been
satisfied by the Date Palm Determination Date thus requiring Borrower to elect
the Date Palm Repayment Option.


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       11
<PAGE>   23
                          EXHIBIT B TO PROMISSORY NOTE
                   LOAN DOCUMENTS AND OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS

This Exhibit B is attached to and forms a part of that Amended, Restated and
Consolidated Promissory Note ("Note") executed by MHC-DEANZA FINANCING LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, an Illinois limited partnership ("DeAnza"), SNOWBIRDLAND VISTAS,
INC., an Illinois corporation ("Snowbirdland") and MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Date Palm") (DeAnza, Date Palm and
Snowbirdland are individually and collectively, as the context requires and with
such determination to be made in the sole discretion of Lender, referred to
herein as the "Borrower") in favor of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
("Lender").

1.    LOAN DOCUMENTS. The documents numbered 1.1 through 1.21 below of even date
      herewith (unless otherwise specified) and any amendments, modifications
      and supplements thereto which have received the prior written approval of
      Lender and any documents executed in the future that are approved by
      Lender and that recite that they are "Loan Documents" for purposes of this
      Note are collectively referred to as the "Loan Documents".

      1.1   This Note;

      1.2   Mid-Florida Lakes Mortgage, Bay Lake Mortgage, Buccaneer Mortgage,
            Colonies Mortgage, Willow Lake Mortgage, DeAnza Deed of Trust and
            Date Palm Leasehold Deed of Trust;

      1.3   Bay Lake Note, Buccaneer Note, Colonies Note and Mid-Florida Lakes
            Note, each endorsed to the order of Lender pursuant to those certain
            Allonge Endorsements to Promissory Note executed by Pacific;

      1.4   Notices and Acknowledgements of Future Advance executed by
            Snowbirdland and DeAnza respectively for the Mid-Florida Lakes
            Property, Bay Lake Estates Property, Buccaneer Estates Property and
            Colonies of Margate Property;

      1.5   (a) The Florida real estate mortgage dated August 14, 1994, in the
            original principal amount of $2,218,975.33, executed by
            Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza in favor of Pacific
            ("Bay Lake Original Mortgage"); (b) the Assignment of Rents and
            Leases dated August 14, 1994, pertaining to property located in
            Nokomis, Florida, executed by Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and
            DeAnza in favor or Pacific ("Bay Lake Assignment of Rents"); (c) the
            Florida real estate mortgage dated August 14, 1994, in the original
            principal amount of $8,081,491.39, executed by Snowbirdland, as
            Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza in favor of Pacific ("Buccaneer
            Original Mortgage"); (d) the Assignment of Rents and Leases dated
            August 14, 1994, pertaining to property located in North Fort Myers,
            Florida, executed by Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza
            in favor or Pacific ("Buccaneer Assignment of Rents"); (e) the
            Florida real estate mortgage dated August 14, 1994, in the original
            principal amount of $13,323,714.75, executed by Snowbirdland, as
            Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza in favor of Pacific ("Colonies Original
            Mortgage"); (f) the Assignment of Rents and Leases dated August 14,
            1994, pertaining to property located in Margate, Florida, executed
            by Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza in favor or Pacific
            ("Colonies Assignment of Rents"); (g) the Florida real estate
            mortgage dated August 14, 1994, in the original principal amount of
            $13,435,390.10, executed by Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and
            DeAnza in favor of Pacific ("Mid-Florida Lakes Original Mortgage");
            (h) the Assignment of Rents and Leases dated August 14, 1994,
            pertaining to property located in Leesburg, Florida, executed by
            Snowbirdland, as Agent for DeAnza, and DeAnza in favor or Pacific
            ("Mid-Florida Lakes Assignment of Rents"); each of the foregoing, as
            assigned to Lender by an Assignment of Mortgage and Other Loan
            Documents from Pacific to Lender, are collectively referred to as
            the "Original Mortgages";

      1.6   Bay Lake Future Advance Note, Buccaneer Future Advance Note,
            Colonies Future Advance Note and Mid-Florida Lakes Future Advance
            Note;

      1.7   State of Illinois Commercial Code - Financing Statements - Form
            UCC-1;

      1.8   State of Florida Uniform Commercial Code - Financing Statements -
            Form UCC-1;

                                    EXHIBIT B
                                       1
<PAGE>   24
      1.9   State of California Uniform Commercial Code - Financing Statements -
            Form UCC-1;

      1.10  Corporate Borrowing Resolutions and Certificates of Incumbency;

      1.11  Limited Liability Company Borrowing Certificate;

      1.12  Partnership Borrowing Certificate;

      1.13  Corporate Resolution Authorizing Limited Liability Company Activity
            and Certificate of Incumbency;

      1.14  Corporate Resolution Authorizing Partnership Activity and
            Certificate of Incumbency;

      1.15  Corporate Resolutions Authorizing Execution of Guaranty and
            Endorsement and Hypothecation of Property and Certificate of
            Incumbency;

      1.16  Ground Lease Estoppel Certificate and Agreement;

      1.17  Supplemental Agreement No. 5;

      1.18  Subordination and Estoppel Agreement, executed for the Bay Lake
            Estates Property, Mid-Florida Lakes Property, Buccaneer Estates
            Property and Colonies of Margate Property, respectively;

      1.19  Assignment of Water Services Agreements and Consent and
            Subordination of Water Service Provider, executed for the Buccaneer
            Estates Property, and the Assignments of Water and Sanitary Sewer
            Services Agreements and Consent and Subordination of Water and
            Sanitary Sewer Service Provider, executed for the Colonies of
            Margate Property and the DeAnza Santa Cruz Property, respectively;

      1.20  Assignment of Management Contracts and Consent and Subordination of
            Manager;

      1.21  Stock Pledge Agreements; and

      1.22  O&M Plan Letters executed for the Mid-Florida Lakes Property,
            Buccaneer Estates Property, Colonies of Margate Property, Willow
            Lake Estates Property, DeAnza Santa Cruz Property and Date Palm
            Country Club Property, respectively.

2.    OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS WHICH ARE NOT LOAN DOCUMENTS.

      2.1   Flood Hazard Notices with respect to the Bay Lake Estates Property,
            and Colonies of Margate Property, respectively;


                                    EXHIBIT B
                                       2
<PAGE>   25
2.2   Limited Guaranty; and

2.3   Bankruptcy Non-Consolidation Opinion of Borrower's legal counsel.


                                    EXHIBIT B
                                       3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c61160ex10-40.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE SECURED BY LEASEHOLD DEED OF TRUST
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
[WELLS FARGO LOGO]
                              PROMISSORY NOTE SECURED BY LEASEHOLD DEED OF TRUST

EXHIBIT 10.40

                                                            Loan No. 31-0900195R
$15,750,000.00                                         San Francisco, California
                                                                   July 13, 2000


                  THIS PROMISSORY NOTE SECURED BY LEASEHOLD DEED OF TRUST (this
"Note") is made and entered into by and between MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Borrower"), and WELLS FARGO NATIONAL BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Lender").

1.      PROMISE TO PAY. For value received, Borrower promises to pay to the
        order of Lender, at 1320 Willow Pass Road, Suite 205, Concord,
        California 94520, or at such other place as may be designated in writing
        by Lender, the principal sum of FIFTEEN MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED FIFTY
        THOUSAND AND NO/100THS DOLLARS ($15,750,000.00) ("Loan"), with interest
        thereon as specified herein. All sums owing hereunder are payable in
        lawful money of the United States of America, in immediately available
        funds, without offset, deduction or counterclaim of any kind.

2.      SECURED BY LEASEHOLD DEED OF TRUST. This Note is secured by, among other
        things, that certain Leasehold Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of
        Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (And Fixture Filing) ("Leasehold
        Deed of Trust") of even date herewith, executed by Borrower encumbering
        certain real property and improvements located in Cathedral City,
        California, as more particularly described therein ("Property").

3.      DEFINITIONS. For the purposes of this Note, the following terms shall
        have the following meanings:

        "Affiliate" shall mean, as to any specified Person, any other Person
        that, directly or indirectly, is in Control of, is Controlled by or is
        under common Control with such specified Person.

        "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, legal
        holiday or other day on which commercial banks in California are
        authorized or required by law to close. All references in this Note to a
        "day" or a "date" shall be to a calendar day unless specifically
        referenced as a Business Day.

        "Control" shall mean with respect to such Person either (i) ownership
        directly or through other entities of more than 100% of all beneficial
        equity interest in such Person and (ii) the power to direct the
        management, operation and business of such person.

        "Default" shall have the meaning set forth in the Leasehold Deed of
        Trust.

        "Disbursement Date" shall mean the date upon which the Loan proceeds are
        funded into escrow in connection with the closing of the Loan.

        "Effective Date" shall mean the date Lender authorizes the Loan proceeds
        to be released to Borrower.

        "Loan Documents" shall mean the documents listed in Exhibit B attached
        hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.

        "Maturity Date" shall mean July 1, 2010.

        "Person" shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, joint
        venture, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any federal, state,
        county or municipal government or any bureau, department or agency
        thereof and any fiduciary acting in such capacity on behalf of any of
        the foregoing.

4.      INTEREST; PAYMENTS.

        4.1     DEFINITIONS. The following terms shall have the meanings
                indicated:



                                       1
<PAGE>   2
                "Actual/360 Basis" shall mean on the basis of a 360-day year and
                charged on the basis of actual days elapsed for any whole or
                partial month in which interest is being calculated.

                "30/360 Basis" shall mean on the basis of a 360-day year
                consisting of 12 months of 30 days each.

                "Interest Rate" shall mean a fixed interest rate equal to 7.96%.

        4.2     INTEREST ACCRUAL. Interest on the outstanding principal balance
                of this Note shall accrue from the Disbursement Date at an
                annual rate equal to the Interest Rate calculated on an
                Actual/360 Basis.

        4.3     PAYMENTS. Monthly payments hereunder shall commence on the first
                day of the calendar month following the Disbursement Date and
                continue on the first day of each calendar month thereafter
                through the Maturity Date. If the Disbursement Date is a date
                other than the first day of a calendar month, the first monthly
                payment shall be interest only. Subsequent monthly payments
                shall be calculated on the basis of an equal-payment thirty (30)
                year amortization of principal and interest. Notwithstanding
                that interest on this Note accrues on an Actual/360 Basis, the
                total amount of each such amortized monthly payment of principal
                and interest shall be determined using a 30/360 Basis. On the
                Maturity Date, all unpaid principal and accrued but unpaid
                interest shall be due and owing in full. All interest shall be
                paid in arrears.

        4.4     ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Borrower acknowledges that interest calculated
                on an Actual/360 Basis exceeds interest calculated on a 30/360
                Basis and, therefore: (a) a greater portion of each monthly
                installment of principal and interest will be applied to
                interest using the Actual/360 Basis than would be the case if
                interest accrued on a 30/360 Basis; and (b) the unpaid principal
                balance of this Note on the Maturity Date will be greater using
                the Actual/360 Basis than would be the case if interest accrued
                on a 30/360 Basis.

        4.5     APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. In the absence of a specific
                determination by Lender to the contrary, all payments paid by
                Borrower to Lender in connection with the obligations of
                Borrower under this Note and under the other Loan Documents
                shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a) to
                amounts, other than principal and interest, due to Lender
                pursuant to this Note or the other Loan Documents; (b) to
                accrued but unpaid interest on this Note; and (c) to the unpaid
                principal balance of this Note. Upon the occurrence of a
                Default: (i) Borrower irrevocably waives the right to direct the
                application of any and all payments at any time thereafter
                received by Lender from or on behalf of Borrower, and (ii)
                Borrower irrevocably agrees that Lender shall have the
                continuing exclusive right to apply any and all such payments
                against the then due and owing obligations of Borrower in such
                order of priority as Lender may deem advisable.

5.      LATE CHARGE; DEFAULT RATE.

        5.1     LATE CHARGE. If any payment required hereunder is not paid on or
                before the fifth calendar day of the month in which it is due,
                Borrower shall pay a late or collection charge, as liquidated
                damages, equal to 4% of the amount of such unpaid payment.
                Borrower acknowledges that Lender will incur additional expenses
                as a result of any late payments hereunder, which expenses would
                be impracticable to quantify, and that Borrower's payments under
                this paragraph are a reasonable estimate of such expenses. The
                foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, no late or collection
                charge shall be payable by Borrower as a result of any delay in
                the payment of any sum due and payable on the Maturity Date.

        5.2     DEFAULT RATE. Commencing upon a Default and continuing until
                such Default shall have been cured by Borrower, all sums owing
                on this Note shall bear interest until paid in full at a rate
                per annum equal to 5% plus the Interest Rate ("Default Rate").

6.      MAXIMUM RATE PERMITTED BY LAW. Neither this Note nor any of the other
        Loan Documents shall require the payment or permit the collection of any
        interest or any late payment charge in excess of the maximum rate
        permitted by law. If any such excess interest or late payment charge is
        provided for under this Note or any of the other Loan Documents or if
        this Note or any of the other Loan Documents shall be adjudicated to
        provide for such excess, neither Borrower nor Borrower's successors or
        assigns shall be obligated to pay such excess, and the right to demand
        the payment of any such excess shall be and hereby is waived, and this
        provision shall control any other provision of this Note or any of the
        other Loan Documents. If Lender shall collect amounts which are deemed
        to constitute interest and which would increase the effective interest
        rate to a rate in excess of the maximum rate permitted by law, all such


                                       2
<PAGE>   3
        amounts deemed to constitute interest in excess of the maximum legal
        rate shall, upon such determination, at the option of Lender, be
        returned to Borrower or credited against the outstanding principal
        balance of this Note.

7.      ACCELERATION. If (a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due, subject to any
        applicable grace or cure period, any sums payable under this Note; (b)
        any other Default shall occur; or (c) any other event or condition shall
        occur which, under the terms of the Leasehold Deed of Trust or any other
        Loan Document, gives rise to a right of acceleration of sums owing under
        this Note, then Lender, at its sole option, shall have the right to
        declare all sums owing under this Note immediately due and payable;
        provided, however, that if the Leasehold Deed of Trust or any other Loan
        Document provides for the automatic acceleration of payment of sums
        owing under this Note, all sums owing under this Note shall be
        automatically due and payable in accordance with the terms of the
        Leasehold Deed of Trust or such other Loan Document.

8.      BORROWER'S LIABILITY.

        8.1     LIMITATION. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8,
                Lender's recovery against Borrower under this Note and the other
                Loan Documents shall be limited solely to the Property and the
                "Collateral" (as defined in the Leasehold Deed of Trust).

        8.2     EXCEPTIONS. Nothing contained in Section 8.1 or elsewhere in
                this Note or the other Loan Documents, however, shall limit in
                any way the personal liability of Borrower owed to Lender for
                any losses or damages incurred by Lender (including, without
                limitation, any impairment of Lender's security for the Loan)
                with respect to any of the following matters: (a) fraud or
                willful misrepresentation; (b) material physical waste of the
                Property or the Collateral; (c) failure to pay property or other
                taxes, assessments or charges (other than amounts paid to Lender
                for taxes, assessments or charges pursuant to Impounds as
                defined in Exhibit A and where Lender elects not to apply such
                funds toward payment of the taxes, assessments or charges owed)
                which may create liens senior to the lien of the Leasehold Deed
                of Trust on all or any portion of the Property; (d) failure to
                deliver any insurance or condemnation proceeds or awards or any
                security deposits received by Borrower to Lender as required
                under the terms of the Loan Documents or any other instrument
                now or hereafter securing this Note or to otherwise apply such
                sums as required under the terms of the Loan Documents or any
                other instrument now or hereafter securing this Note; (e)
                failure to apply any rents, royalties, accounts, revenues,
                income, issues, profits and other benefits from the Property
                which are collected or received by Borrower during the period of
                any Default or after acceleration of the indebtedness and other
                sums owing under the Loan Documents to the payment of either (i)
                such indebtedness or other sums or (ii) the normal and necessary
                operating expenses of the Property; (f) any breach by Borrower
                of any covenant in this Note or in the Leasehold Deed of Trust
                regarding Hazardous Materials (as defined in the Leasehold Deed
                of Trust) or any representation or warranty of Borrower
                regarding Hazardous Materials proving to have been untrue when
                made; or (g) failure of any of the Date Palm Ground Lease
                Documents (as hereinafter defined) required to be executed by
                the ground lessors in connection with this Loan to be legally
                binding on all of the ground lessors under the ground lease
                encumbering the Property.

        8.3     NO RELEASE OR IMPAIRMENT. Nothing contained in Section 8.1 shall
                be deemed to release, affect or impair the indebtedness
                evidenced by this Note or the obligations of Borrower under, or
                the liens and security interests created by the Loan Documents,
                or Lender's rights to enforce its remedies under this Note and
                the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the
                right to pursue any remedy for injunctive or other equitable
                relief, or any suit or action in connection with the
                preservation, enforcement or foreclosure of the liens,
                mortgages, deeds of trust, assignments and security interests
                which are now or at any time hereafter security for the payment
                and performance of all obligations under this Note or the other
                Loan Documents.

        8.4     PREVAIL AND CONTROL. The provisions of this Section 8 shall
                prevail and control over any contrary provisions elsewhere in
                this Note or the other Loan Documents.

9.      NON-TRUSTOR BORROWER. If any Borrower is not also a "Trustor" under the
        Leasehold Deed of Trust, such Borrower hereby makes all representations
        and warranties in favor of Lender contained in Article 5 of the
        Leasehold Deed of Trust, all covenants contained in Section 6.15 of the
        Leasehold Deed of Trust, and all indemnities of Lender contained in
        Section 6.19 of the Leasehold Deed of Trust, jointly and severally with
        "Trustor".



                                       3
<PAGE>   4
10.     MISCELLANEOUS.

        10.1    JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. If this Note is executed by more
                than one person or entity as Borrower, the obligations of each
                such person or entity shall be joint and several. No person or
                entity shall be a mere accommodation maker, but each shall be
                primarily and directly liable hereunder.

        10.2    WAIVER OF PRESENTMENT. Except as otherwise provided herein or in
                any other Loan Document, Borrower hereby waives presentment,
                demand, notice of dishonor, notice of default or delinquency,
                notice of acceleration, notice of nonpayment, notice of costs,
                expenses or losses and interest thereon, and notice of interest
                on interest and late charges.

        10.3    DELAY IN ENFORCEMENT. No previous waiver or failure or delay by
                Lender in acting with respect to the terms of this Note or the
                Leasehold Deed of Trust shall constitute a waiver of any breach,
                default or failure of condition under this Note, the Leasehold
                Deed of Trust or the obligations secured thereby. A waiver of
                any term of this Note, the Leasehold Deed of Trust or of any of
                the obligations secured thereby must be made in writing signed
                by Lender, shall be limited to the express terms of such waiver,
                and shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent obligation
                of Borrower. The acceptance at any time by Lender of any
                past-due amount shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the right
                to require prompt payment when due of any other amounts then or
                thereafter due and payable.

        10.4    TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Time is of the essence with respect to
                every provision hereof.

        10.5    GOVERNING LAW. This Note was accepted by Lender in the state of
                California and the proceeds of this Note were disbursed from the
                state of California, which state the parties agree has a
                substantial relationship to the parties and to the underlying
                transaction embodied hereby. Accordingly, in all respects,
                including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
                matters of construction, validity, enforceability and
                performance, this Note, the Leasehold Deed of Trust and the
                other Loan Documents and the obligations arising hereunder and
                thereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
                with, the laws of the state of California applicable to
                contracts made and performed in such state and any applicable
                law of the United States of America, except that at all times
                the provisions for the enforcement of Lender's STATUTORY POWER
                OF SALE granted under the Leasehold Deed of Trust securing this
                Note and the creation, perfection and enforcement of the
                security interests created pursuant thereto and pursuant to the
                other Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed
                according to the law of the state where the Property is located.
                Except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence,
                Borrower hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the
                fullest extent permitted by law, any claim to assert that the
                law of any jurisdiction other than California governs the
                Leasehold Deed of Trust, this Note and the other Loan Documents.

        10.6    CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. Borrower irrevocably submits to the
                jurisdiction of: (a) any state or federal court sitting in the
                state of California over any suit, action, or proceeding,
                brought by Borrower against Lender, arising out of or relating
                to this Note or the Loan evidenced hereby; (b) any state or
                federal court sitting in the state where the Property is located
                or the state in which Borrower's principal place of business is
                located over any suit, action or proceeding, brought by Lender
                against Borrower, arising out of or relating to this Note or the
                Loan evidenced hereby; and (c) any state court sitting in the
                county of the state where the Property is located over any suit,
                action, or proceeding, brought by Lender to exercise its
                STATUTORY POWER OF SALE under the Leasehold of Deed of Trust or
                any action brought by the Lender to enforce its rights with
                respect to the Collateral. Borrower irrevocably waives, to the
                fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that Borrower may
                now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit,
                action, or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim
                that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such
                court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

        10.7    COUNTERPARTS. This Note may be executed in any number of
                counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be
                deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be
                deemed to be one and the same Note.

        10.8    HEIRS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. All of the terms, covenants,
                conditions and indemnities contained in this Note and the other
                Loan Documents shall be binding upon the heirs, successors and
                assigns of Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of the
                successors and assigns of Lender. The foregoing sentence shall
                not be construed to permit Borrower to assign the Loan except as
                otherwise permitted in this Note or the other Loan Documents.



                                       4
<PAGE>   5
        10.9    SEVERABILITY. If any term of this Note, or the application
                thereof to any person or circumstances, shall, to any extent, be
                invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Note, or the
                application of such term to persons or circumstances other than
                those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be
                affected thereby, and each term of this Note shall be valid and
                enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

        10.10   CONSENTS, APPROVALS AND EXPENSES. Wherever Lender's consent,
                approval, acceptance or satisfaction is required under any
                provision of this Note or any of the other Loan Documents, such
                consent, approval, acceptance or satisfaction shall not be
                unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed by Lender unless
                such provision expressly so provides. Wherever costs or expenses
                are required to be paid under any provision of this Note or any
                of the other Loan Documents, such costs or expenses shall be
                reasonable.

11.     NOTICES. All requests, demands, notices and other communications that
        are required or permitted to be given to a party under this Note shall
        be in writing and shall be sent to such party, either by personal
        delivery, by overnight delivery service, by certified first class mail,
        return receipt requested, or by facsimile transmission to the address or
        facsimile number below. All such notices and communications shall be
        effective upon receipt of such delivery or facsimile transmission,
        together with a printed receipt of the successful delivery of such
        facsimile transmission. The addresses and facsimile numbers of the
        parties shall be:


<TABLE>
<S>                                                 <C>
        Borrower:                                   Lender:
        c/o Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.     Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
        Two North Riverside Plaza                   1320 Willow Pass Road, Suite 205
        Suite 800                                   Concord, CA  94520
        Chicago, Illinois 60606                     Loan No. 31-0900195R
        Attention:  General Counsel                 FAX No.: (925) 691-5947
        FAX No.:  (312) 279-1715

        With a copy to:

        Katz Randall Weinberg & Richmond
        333 West Wacker Drive
        Suite 1800
        Chicago, IL  60606-1288
        Attention:  Benjamin J. Randall
        FAX No.:  (312) 807-3903
</TABLE>


12.     ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS. The additional terms and conditions set
        forth in Exhibit A and Exhibit B attached hereto are incorporated herein
        by this reference.

13.     PREPAYMENT. Borrower acknowledges that any prepayment of this Note will
        cause Lender to lose its interest rate yield on this Note and will
        possibly require that Lender reinvest any such prepayment amount in
        loans of a lesser interest rate yield (including, without limitation, in
        debt obligations other than first mortgage loans on commercial
        properties). As a consequence, Borrower agrees as follows, as an
        integral part of the consideration for Lender's making the Loan:

        13.1    RESTRICTIONS. Any voluntary prepayment of this Note: (a) is
                prohibited except during the last 3 months of the term, (b) is
                permitted in full only, and not in part, and (c) may only be
                made on the first day of a month.

        13.2    PREPAYMENT CHARGE. Except as provided below, if this Note is
                prepaid prior to the last three (3) months of the term, whether
                such prepayment is involuntary or upon acceleration of the
                principal amount of this Note by Lender following a Default,
                Borrower shall pay to Lender on the prepayment date (in addition
                to all other sums then due and owing to Lender under the Loan
                Documents) a prepayment charge equal to the greater of the
                following two amounts: (a) an amount equal to 1% of the then
                outstanding principal balance of the Loan; or (b) an amount
                equal to (i) the amount, if any, by which the sum of the present
                values as of the prepayment date of all unpaid principal and
                interest payments required under this Note, calculated by
                discounting such


                                       5
<PAGE>   6
                payments from their respective scheduled payment dates back to
                the prepayment date at a discount rate equal to the Periodic
                Treasury Yield (defined below) exceeds the outstanding principal
                balance of the Loan as of the prepayment date, multiplied by
                (ii) a fraction whose numerator is the amount of the prepayment
                and whose denominator is the outstanding principal balance of
                the Loan as of the prepayment date. Notwithstanding the
                foregoing, no prepayment charge shall apply in respect to any
                insurance or condemnation proceeds received by Lender and
                applied by Lender to the outstanding principal balance of the
                Loan. For purposes of the foregoing, "Periodic Treasury Yield"
                means (c) the annual yield to maturity of the actively traded
                non-callable United States Treasury fixed interest rate security
                (other than any such security which can be surrendered at the
                option of the holder at face value in payment of federal estate
                tax or which was issued at a substantial discount) that has a
                maturity closest to (whether before, on or after) the Maturity
                Date (or if two or more such securities have maturity dates
                equally close to the Maturity Date, the average annual yield to
                maturity of all such securities), as reported in The Wall Street
                Journal or other authoritative publication or news retrieval
                service on the fifth Business Day preceding the prepayment date,
                divided by (d) 12, if scheduled payment dates are monthly, or 4,
                if scheduled payment dates are quarterly.

        13.3    WAIVER. Borrower waives any right to prepay this Note except
                under the terms and conditions set forth in this Section and
                agrees that if this Note is prepaid, Borrower will pay the
                prepayment charge set forth above. Borrower hereby acknowledges
                that: (a) the inclusion of this waiver of prepayment rights and
                agreement to pay the prepayment charge for the right to prepay
                this Note was separately negotiated with Lender; (b) the
                economic value of the various elements of this waiver and
                agreement was discussed; (c) the consideration given by Borrower
                for the Loan was adjusted to reflect the specific waiver and
                agreement negotiated between Borrower and Lender and contained
                herein; and (d) this waiver is intended to comply with
                California Civil Code Section 2954.10.

                                                   Borrower's Initials: ________

        13.4    INSURANCE PROCEEDS; CONDEMNATION AWARDS. Notwithstanding
                anything herein to the contrary, no prepayment charge shall be
                due and owing with respect to any involuntary prepayment
                resulting from Lender's application of any insurance proceeds or
                condemnation awards to the Loan.

14.     DEFEASANCE. At any time after the Lockout Expiration Date (defined
        below), Borrower may elect to cause Lender to release the Property from
        the lien of the Leasehold Deed of Trust and the other Loan Documents and
        to accept other collateral in substitution therefor, in accordance with
        the provisions of this Section ("Defeasance"), at Borrower's sole cost
        and expense. "Lockout Expiration Date" means the earlier of (a) the
        second anniversary of the "startup day" (as defined in Internal Revenue
        Code Section 860(G)(a)(9)) of any "real estate mortgage investment
        conduit" (as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 860D) that holds
        this Note and (b) the third anniversary of the date of this Note.

        14.1    CONDITIONS. Borrower shall only have the right to cause a
                Defeasance if no Default has occurred and is continuing and all
                of the following conditions have been satisfied:

                a.      Notice. Borrower shall give at least 60 days but not
                        more than 90 days' written notice to Lender specifying
                        the date of Borrower's intended Defeasance ("Release
                        Date"), which date shall be a scheduled payment date and
                        such notice shall indicate the principal amount of the
                        Note to be defeased;

                b.      Payments. Borrower shall pay in full, on or before the
                        Release Date, all accrued and unpaid interest and all
                        other sums due under this Note and the other Loan
                        Documents on or before the Release Date, including
                        without limitation, (i) all costs and expenses paid or
                        incurred by Lender or its agents in connection with the
                        Defeasance, the purchase of the Defeasance Collateral
                        (defined below), the release of the Property, the review
                        of the proposed Defeasance Collateral and the
                        preparation of the Defeasance Security Agreement
                        (defined below) and related documentation, and (ii) any
                        revenue, documentary stamp, intangible or other taxes,
                        charges or fees due in connection with the transfer or
                        assumption of this Note or the Defeasance;

                c.      Deliveries. Borrower shall deliver the following items
                        to Lender on or before the Release Date:

                        (i)     immediately available funds ("Defeasance
                                Deposit") in an amount sufficient to enable
                                Lender to purchase, through means and sources
                                customarily employed and available to Lender,
                                for the


                                       6
<PAGE>   7
                                account of Borrower, direct, non-callable
                                obligations of the United States of America that
                                provide for payments prior, but as close as
                                possible, to all successive scheduled payment
                                dates occurring after the Release Date, with
                                each such payment being equal to or greater than
                                the amount of the corresponding installment of
                                principal and interest required to be paid under
                                this Note (including, without limitation, all
                                amounts due on the Maturity Date) for the
                                balance of the term hereof ("Defeasance
                                Collateral"), each of which shall be duly
                                endorsed by the holder as directed by Lender or
                                accompanied by a written instrument of transfer
                                in form and substance satisfactory to Lender in
                                its sole discretion (including, without
                                limitation, such instruments as may be required
                                by the depository institution holding such
                                securities or the issuer of such securities, as
                                the case may be, to effectuate book-entry
                                transfers and pledges through the book-entry
                                facilities of such institution) in order to
                                perfect upon the delivery of the Defeasance
                                Security Agreement (as defined below) the first
                                priority security interest in the Defeasance
                                Collateral in favor of Lender.

                        (ii)    a pledge and security agreement, in form and
                                substance satisfactory to Lender in its
                                reasonable discretion, creating a first priority
                                security interest in favor of Lender in the
                                Defeasance Collateral ("Defeasance Security
                                Agreement"), which shall provide, among other
                                things, that any payments generated by the
                                Defeasance Collateral shall be paid directly to
                                Lender and applied by Lender to amounts then due
                                and payable under this Note and that any excess
                                received by Lender from the Defeasance
                                Collateral over the amounts payable by Borrower
                                under this Note shall be first, paid to Lender
                                and applied by Lender to any other amounts then
                                due and payable under this Note, and second,
                                refunded to Borrower promptly after each
                                scheduled payment date;

                        (iii)   a certificate of Borrower certifying that all of
                                the requirements of this Section 14.1 have been
                                satisfied;

                        (iv)    an opinion of counsel for Borrower in form and
                                substance and delivered by counsel satisfactory
                                to Lender in its sole discretion, subject,
                                however, to standard enforceability opinion
                                qualifications and limitations, stating, among
                                other things, that (aa) Lender has a perfected
                                first priority security interest in the
                                Defeasance Collateral, (bb) the Defeasance
                                Security Agreement is enforceable against
                                Borrower in accordance with its terms and (cc)
                                any REMIC Trust formed pursuant to a
                                securitization will not fail to maintain its
                                status as a "real estate mortgage investment
                                conduit" within the meaning of Internal Revenue
                                Code Section 860D, as amended from time to time,
                                or any successor statute, as a result of the
                                Defeasance;

                        (v)     a certificate from a firm of independent
                                certified public accountants acceptable to
                                Lender certifying that the Defeasance Collateral
                                satisfies the requirements of Section 14.1c(i);

                        (vi)    written evidence from the applicable Rating
                                Agencies that the Defeasance will not result in
                                a downgrading, withdrawal or qualification of
                                the respective ratings in effect immediately
                                prior to the Defeasance for any securities
                                issued in connection with the securitization
                                which are then outstanding;

                        (vii)   such other certificates, documents or
                                instruments as Lender may reasonably require,
                                including, without limitation, such amendments
                                to this Note and the other Loan Documents as
                                Lender reasonably deems appropriate to reflect
                                the Defeasance.

        14.2    RELEASE OF LIEN. Upon satisfaction of all conditions specified
                above with respect to the Defeasance, the Property shall be
                released from the lien of the Leasehold Deed of Trust and the
                other Loan Documents to which it is subject, and the Defeasance
                Collateral and the proceeds thereof shall constitute the only
                collateral which shall secure the obligations of Borrower under
                this Note and the other Loan Documents. Simultaneously with the
                release of the Property pursuant to this Section, Lender shall
                release that portion of all cash or other accounts maintained
                pursuant to the Loan Documents relating to the Property. Lender
                shall, at Borrower's expense, execute and deliver any agreements
                reasonably requested by Borrower to release the lien of the
                Leasehold Deed of Trust from the Property.



                                       7
<PAGE>   8
        14.3    DEFEASANCE DEPOSIT. Borrower hereby authorizes and directs
                Lender, using the means and sources customarily employed and
                available to Lender, to use the Defeasance Deposit to purchase
                the Defeasance Collateral as agent and for the account of
                Borrower. Payments from the Defeasance Collateral shall be made
                directly to Lender for application to the Loan as provided
                hereinabove. Any part of the Defeasance Deposit exceeding the
                amount necessary to purchase the Defeasance Collateral and to
                pay the other costs which Borrower is obligated to pay under
                this Section 14 shall be refunded to Borrower. Borrower agrees
                to pay all sums referred to in Section 14.1b above on or before
                the Release Date.

        14.4    ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION. Upon the release of the Property in
                accordance with this Section 14, Borrower shall, at the request
                of Lender, assign all of its right, title and interest in and to
                the pledged Defeasance Collateral and all its obligations and
                rights under this Note, the Defeasance Security Agreement and
                the other Loan Documents, to a successor entity designated by
                Borrower and approved by Lender in its sole discretion. Such
                successor entity shall execute an assumption agreement in form
                and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion
                pursuant to which it shall assume Borrower's obligations under
                this Note, the Defeasance Security Agreement and the other Loan
                Documents. As conditions to such assignment and assumption,
                Borrower shall: (a) deliver to Lender a new limited guaranty in
                form and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion
                executed by the principals of such successor entity; (b) deliver
                to Lender an opinion of counsel in form and substance and
                delivered by counsel satisfactory to Lender in its sole
                discretion subject, however, to standard enforceability opinion
                qualifications and limitations, stating, among other things,
                that such assumption agreement is enforceable against Borrower
                and such successor entity in accordance with its terms and that
                this Note, the Defeasance Security Agreement and the other Loan
                Documents, as so assumed, are enforceable against such successor
                entity in accordance with their respective terms; and (c) pay
                all costs and expenses incurred by Lender or its agents in
                connection with such assignment and assumption (including,
                without limitation, the review of the proposed transferee and
                the preparation of the assumption agreement and related
                documentation). Upon such assumption, Borrower shall be relieved
                of its obligations under this Note, the Defeasance Security
                Agreement and the other Loan Documents other than those
                obligations which are specifically intended to survive the
                payment of the Loan or other termination, satisfaction or
                assignment of this Note, the Defeasance Security Agreement or
                the other Loan Documents or Lender's exercise of its rights and
                remedies under any of such documents and instruments.

15.     WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. LENDER AND BORROWER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY
        AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
        RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN
        CONNECTION WITH, THIS NOTE OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF
        CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN), OR
        ACTIONS OF LENDER OR BORROWER. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT
        FOR LENDER TO MAKE THE LOAN TO BORROWER. BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS EXECUTED
        NOTE, LENDER AGREES TO THE FOREGOING WAIVER.


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]





                                       8
<PAGE>   9
"BORROWER"

MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C.,
a Delaware limited liability company

By:  MHC-QRS DATE PALM, INC.,
     a  Delaware corporation, its Managing Member

     By: /s/ John Zoeller
        ------------------------------------
     Name: John Zoeller
          ----------------------------------
     Its:  Vice President
         -----------------------------------






                                       9
<PAGE>   10
                                                            Loan No. 31-0900195R

                          EXHIBIT A TO PROMISSORY NOTE
                         ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS


This Exhibit A is attached to and forms a part of that Promissory Note Secured
by Leasehold Deed of Trust ("Note") executed by MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Borrower") in favor of WELLS FARGO BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Lender").

1.      DISBURSEMENT OF LOAN PROCEEDS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Borrower hereby
        authorizes Lender to disburse the proceeds of the Loan, after deducting
        any and all fees owed by Borrower to Lender in connection with the Loan,
        to Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company (the "Title Company"). With
        respect to such disbursement, Borrower understands and agrees that
        Lender does not accept responsibility for errors, acts or omissions of
        others, including, without limitation, the escrow company, other banks,
        communications carriers or clearinghouses through which the transfer of
        Loan proceeds may be made or through which Lender receives or transmits
        information, and no such entity shall be deemed Lender's agent. As a
        consequence, Lender shall not be liable to Borrower for any actual
        (whether direct or indirect), consequential or punitive damages which
        may arise with respect to the disbursement of Loan proceeds, whether or
        not (a) any claim for such damages is based on tort or contract, or (b)
        either Lender or Borrower knew or should have known of the likelihood of
        such damages in any situation.

2.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

        2.1     STATEMENTS REQUIRED. During the term of the Loan and while any
                liabilities of Borrower to Lender under any of the Loan
                Documents remain outstanding and unless Lender otherwise
                consents in writing, Borrower shall provide to Lender the
                following:

                a.      OPERATING STATEMENT. Not later than 10 days after and as
                        of each calendar month during the first 6 months of the
                        term of the Loan, and thereafter not later than 30 days
                        after and as of the end of each calendar quarter, an
                        operating statement, signed and dated by Borrower and in
                        a form acceptable to Lender, showing all revenues and
                        expenses during such month or quarter and year-to-date,
                        relating to the Property, including, without limitation,
                        all information requested under any of the Loan
                        Documents;

                b.      RENT ROLL. Not later than 10 days after and as of each
                        calendar month during the first 6 months of the term of
                        the Loan, and thereafter not later than 30 days after
                        and as of the end of each calendar quarter, a rent roll
                        signed and dated by Borrower and in a form acceptable to
                        Lender, showing the following lease information with
                        regard to each tenant: the name of the tenant, monthly
                        or other periodic rental amount, date of commencement of
                        the lease, and payment status;

                c.      BALANCE SHEET. If requested by Lender, not later than 90
                        days after and as of the end of each fiscal year, a
                        balance sheet, signed and dated by Borrower and in a
                        form acceptable to Lender (or audited financial
                        statements if Borrower obtains them), showing all assets
                        and liabilities of Borrower; and

                d.      OTHER INFORMATION. From time to time, upon Lender's
                        delivery to Borrower of at least 10 days' prior written
                        notice, such other information with regard to Borrower,
                        principals of Borrower, guarantors or the Property as
                        Lender may reasonably request in writing.

        2.2     FORM; WARRANTY. Borrower agrees that all financial statements to
                be delivered to Lender pursuant to Section 2.1 shall: (a) be
                complete and correct in all material respects; (b) present
                fairly the financial condition of the party; (c) disclose all
                liabilities that are required to be reflected or reserved
                against; and (d) be prepared in accordance with the same
                accounting standard used by Borrower to prepare the financial
                statements delivered to and approved by Lender in connection
                with the making of the Loan or other accounting standards
                acceptable to Lender. Borrower shall be deemed to warrant and
                represent that, as of the date of delivery of any such financial
                statement, there has been no material adverse change in
                financial condition, nor have any assets or properties been
                sold, transferred, assigned, mortgaged, pledged or encumbered
                since the date of such financial statement except as disclosed
                by Borrower in a writing delivered to Lender. Borrower agrees
                that all



                                   EXHIBIT A
                                        1
<PAGE>   11
                rent rolls and other information to be delivered to Lender
                pursuant to Section 2.1 shall not contain any misrepresentation
                or omission of a material fact.

        2.3     LATE CHARGE. If any financial statement, leasing schedule or
                other item required to be delivered to Lender pursuant to
                Section 2.1 is not timely delivered, Borrower shall promptly pay
                to Lender, as a late charge, the sum of $500 per item. In
                addition, Borrower shall promptly pay to Lender an additional
                late charge of $500 per item for each full month during which
                such item remains undelivered following written notice from
                Lender. Borrower acknowledges that Lender will incur additional
                expenses as a result of any such late deliveries, which expenses
                would be impracticable to quantify, and that Borrower's payments
                under this Section 2.3 are a reasonable estimate of such
                expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
                herein, once during each year of the term of the Loan Lender
                will give notice to Borrower of its failure to provide any item
                required to be delivered to Lender pursuant to Section 2.1 and
                if any such items are not delivered within three (3) Business
                Days following such notice, then at such time the late charge
                specified herein shall take effect.

3.      IMPOUNDS.

        3.1     AMOUNTS. Borrower shall deposit with Lender the amounts
                ("Impounds") stated below on the dates stated below, for the
                purpose of paying the costs stated below:

                a.      TAXES. on the first payment date on which both principal
                        and interest under the Loan are payable and on each
                        payment date thereafter, an amount estimated from time
                        to time by Lender in its reasonable discretion to be
                        sufficient to pay for taxes and other liabilities
                        payable by Borrower under Section 6.9 of the Leasehold
                        Deed of Trust. The initial estimated monthly amount to
                        be deposited by Borrower on each payment date is
                        $24,865.00.

                b.      INSURANCE. on the first payment date on which both
                        principal and interest under the Loan are payable and on
                        each payment date thereafter, an amount estimated from
                        time to time by Lender in its reasonable discretion to
                        be sufficient to pay for premiums for insurance payable
                        by Borrower under Section 6.10 of the Leasehold Deed of
                        Trust. The initial estimated monthly amount to be
                        deposited by Borrower on each payment date is $833.00.

                c.      INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

                d.      CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. $2,241.67 on the first payment
                        date on which both principal and interest under the Loan
                        are payable and on each payment date thereafter for
                        payment or reimbursement of Capital Expenditures
                        (defined below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, once
                        $80,700.00 is held in this account (the "Capped
                        Amount"), Borrower may temporarily cease making payments
                        to this account; provided, however, that upon a release
                        of Impounds from this account causing the amount held in
                        such account to drop beneath the Capped Amount, Borrower
                        must immediately resume payments on each payment date
                        until such time as the Capped Amount has been reached.

3.2     APPLICATION.

        a.      TAXES. If no Default exists, Lender shall apply the Impounds in
                a timely fashion to the payment of the taxes and other
                liabilities stated above.

        b.      INSURANCE. If no Default exists, Lender shall apply the Impounds
                to the payment of the insurance premiums stated above.

        c.      INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

        d.      CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. If no Default exists, Lender shall release
                the Impounds to Borrower once a quarter, no less than $50,000.00
                per release, to pay or reimburse Borrower for the Capital
                Expenditures (defined below); provided, however, that Lender
                shall have received and approved each of the following:



                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       2
<PAGE>   12
                (i)     Borrower's written request for such release, describing
                        the Capital Expenditures and certifying that all Capital
                        Expenditures have been paid or incurred by Borrower for
                        work completed lien-free and in a workmanlike manner;

                (ii)    copies of invoices supporting the request for such
                        release; and

                (iii)   if deemed necessary by Lender, an inspection report
                        signed by an inspector selected by Lender, whose fees
                        and expenses shall be paid by Borrower, and such other
                        evidence as Lender shall reasonably require, confirming
                        borrower's certification.

        3.3     GENERAL. Any portion of the Impounds that exceeds the amount
                required for payment of the foregoing costs shall be repaid to
                Borrower upon Borrower's compliance with the foregoing.
                Reference is made to Section 6.12(b) of the Leasehold Deed of
                Trust for a description of the account into which the Impounds
                shall be deposited and for a description of certain rights and
                remedies of Lender with respect to amounts in such account.

        3.4     MAINTENANCE AND CONSTRUCTION.

                a.      INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

                b.      CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. Borrower shall complete the
                        lien-free performance or installation of the Capital
                        Expenditures (as defined below) from time to time as
                        necessary, in a workmanlike manner and in accordance
                        with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and
                        regulations. "Capital Expenditures" shall mean major
                        repairs and replacements to maintain or improve the
                        Property, including, without limitation, structural
                        repairs, roof replacements, HVAC repairs and
                        replacements, mechanical and plumbing repairs and
                        replacements and boiler repair and replacements.

                c.      RIGHT OF INSPECTION. Lender shall have the right to
                        enter upon the Property at all reasonable times, subject
                        to reasonable notice except in the event of an
                        emergency, in which case no notice shall be required, to
                        inspect all work for the purpose of verifying
                        information disclosed or required pursuant to this Note,
                        in a manner which does not unreasonably interfere with
                        the operations on the Property. Notwithstanding the
                        foregoing, Lender shall not be obligated to supervise or
                        inspect any work or to inform Borrower or any third
                        party regarding any aspect of any work.

        3.5     RELEASE. Lender shall release any Impounds to Borrower through a
                funds transfer of such Impounds initiated by Lender to the
                following account or such other account as Borrower specifies in
                a notice to Lender:

                         Bank Name:  Bank of America
                   ABA Routing No.:  071-000039
                      Account Name:  7366-9-01095
                         Reference:  MHC Operating Limited Partnership
                            Advise:  Megan McBride (312) 828-6274

                Lender will determine the funds transfer system and other means
                to be used in making each such release. Borrower agrees that
                each such funds transfer initiated by Lender will be deemed to
                be a funds transfer properly authorized by Borrower, even if the
                transfer is not actually properly authorized by Borrower.
                Borrower acknowledges that Lender will rely on the account
                number and ABA routing number set forth above or specified in a
                notice from Borrower to Lender, even if such account number
                identifies an account with a name different from the name so
                specified, or the routing number identifies a bank different
                from the bank so specified. If Borrower learns of any error in
                the transfer of any Impounds or of any transfer which was not
                properly authorized, Borrower shall notify Lender as soon as
                possible in writing but in no case more than 14 days after
                Lender's first confirmation to Borrower of such transfer.

4.      ONE-TIME RIGHT OF TRANSFER OF PROPERTY TO THIRD PARTY. Notwithstanding
        anything to the contrary contained in Section 6.15 of the Leasehold Deed
        of Trust, Lender shall, one time only, consent to the voluntary sale or
        exchange of the Property by assignment of lease to a bona-fide third
        party purchaser ("Transfer"), if



                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       3
<PAGE>   13
        no Default has occurred and is continuing, no event has occurred which,
        with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would
        constitute a Default and all of the following conditions have been
        satisfied:

        4.1     Lender receives at least sixty-five (65) days prior written
                notice of the proposed Transfer;

        4.2     Lender's reasonable determination that the proposed purchaser,
                the proposed guarantor, if any, and the Property all satisfy
                Lender's then applicable credit review and underwriting
                standards, taking into consideration, among other things, (a)
                any decrease in the Property's cash flow which would result from
                any increase in real property taxes due to any anticipated
                reassessment of the Properties for tax purposes and (b) any then
                applicable requirement of Lender that such proposed borrowing
                entity constitute a single purpose asset and bankruptcy remote
                entity which, at the time of the Transfer, shall be in full
                compliance with the representations and covenants set forth in
                Section 5.2 of the Leasehold Deed of Trust (as such
                representations may be reasonably modified by Lender after
                reviewing the ownership structure of the proposed borrowing
                entity);

        4.3     if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of a non-consolidation
                opinion from a law firm reasonably acceptable to Lender and in
                form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

        4.4     Lender's reasonable determination that the proposed purchaser
                possesses satisfactory recent experience in the ownership and
                operation of properties comparable to the Property;

        4.5     the execution and delivery to Lender of such documents and
                instruments as Lender shall reasonably require, in form and
                content reasonably satisfactory to Lender, including, without
                limitation, (i) an assumption agreement under which the
                purchaser assumes all obligations and liabilities of Borrower
                under this Note and the other Loan Documents and agrees to
                periodically pay such new or additional Impounds to Lender as
                Lender may reasonably require, and (ii) a consent to the
                Transfer by any existing guarantor and a reaffirmation of such
                guarantor's obligations and liabilities under any guaranty made
                in connection with the Loan or a new guaranty executed by a new
                guarantor reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

        4.6     if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of evidence of title
                insurance reasonably satisfactory to Lender insuring Lender that
                the lien of the Leasehold Deed of Trust and the priority thereof
                will not be impaired or affected by reason of such Transfer of
                the Property;

        4.7     payment to Lender of an assumption fee equal to 0.5% of the then
                outstanding principal balance of this Note;

        4.8     if reasonably required by Lender, deposit with Lender of any new
                or additional Impounds;

        4.9     reimbursement to Lender of any and all costs and expenses paid
                or incurred by Lender in connection with such Transfer,
                including, without limitation, all in-house or outside counsel
                attorneys' fees, title insurance fees, appraisal fees,
                inspection fees, environmental consultant's fees and any fees or
                charges of the applicable Rating Agencies;

        4.10    if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of written evidence
                from the applicable Rating Agencies that such Transfer will not
                result in a downgrading, withdrawal or qualification of the
                respective ratings in effect immediately prior to the Transfer
                for any securities issued in connection with the securitization
                of the Loan which are then outstanding; and

        4.11    any third party consents or approvals that are required in order
                to consummate the contemplated transaction shall have been
                obtained and Lender shall be provided with satisfactory evidence
                of same.

Lender shall fully release Borrower and any existing guarantor from any further
obligation or liability to Lender under this Note and the other Loan Documents
upon the assumption by the purchaser and any new guarantor of all such
obligations and liabilities and the satisfaction of all other conditions
precedent to a Transfer in accordance with the provisions of this Section.

5.      AFFILIATE TRANSFERS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
        in Section 6.15 of the Leasehold Deed of Trust and in addition to the
        right contained in Section 4 of Exhibit A to this Note, Lender shall one
        time only with respect to the Property consent to either (a) the
        voluntary transfer of the Property by assignment of lease to an
        Affiliate of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. ("MHC") or (b) the
        assignment of all or any portion of the membership interests in
        Borrower, except for the one percent (1%) managing membership interest
        held by MHC-QRS


                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       4
<PAGE>   14
        Date Palm, Inc., to an Affiliate of MHC (both of which are referred to
        herein as the "Affiliate Transfer"), if no Default has occurred and is
        continuing, no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice or
        the passage of time, or both, would constitute a Default and all of the
        following conditions have been satisfied:

        5.1     Lender receives at least sixty-five (65) days prior written
                notice of the proposed Affiliate Transfer;

        5.2     Lender's reasonable determination that the proposed purchaser,
                the proposed guarantor, if any, and the Property all satisfy
                Lender's then applicable credit review and underwriting
                standards, taking into consideration, among other things, (a)
                any decrease in the Property's cash flow which would result from
                any increase in real property taxes due to any anticipated
                reassessment of the Property for tax purposes and (b) any then
                applicable requirement of Lender that such proposed borrowing
                entity constitute a single purpose asset and bankruptcy remote
                entity which, at the time of the Affiliate Transfer, shall be in
                full compliance with the representations and covenants set forth
                in Section 5.2 of the Leasehold Deed of Trust (as such
                representations may be reasonably modified by Lender after
                reviewing the ownership structure of the proposed borrowing
                entity);

        5.3     if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of a non-consolidation
                opinion from a law firm reasonably acceptable to Lender and in
                form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

        5.4     the execution and delivery to Lender of such documents and
                instruments as Lender shall reasonably require, in form and
                content reasonably satisfactory to Lender, including, without
                limitation, (i) an assumption agreement under which the
                purchaser assumes all obligations and liabilities of Borrower
                under this Note and the other Loan Documents and agrees to
                periodically pay such new or additional Impounds to Lender as
                Lender may reasonably require, and (ii) a consent to the
                Affiliate Transfer by any existing guarantor and a reaffirmation
                of such guarantor's obligations and liabilities under any
                guaranty made in connection with the Loan or a new guaranty
                executed by a new guarantor reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

        5.5     if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of evidence of title
                insurance reasonably satisfactory to Lender insuring Lender that
                the lien of such Leasehold Deed of Trust and the priority
                thereof will not be impaired or affected by reason of the
                Affiliate Transfer;

        5.6     reimbursement to Lender of any and all costs and expenses paid
                or incurred by Lender in connection with such Affiliate
                Transfer, including, without limitation, all in-house or outside
                counsel attorneys' fees, title insurance fees, appraisal fees,
                inspection fees, environmental consultant's fees and any fees or
                charges of the applicable Rating Agencies;

        5.7     if required by Lender, delivery to Lender of written evidence
                from the applicable Rating Agencies that such Affiliate Transfer
                will not result in a downgrading, withdrawal or qualification of
                the respective ratings in effect immediately prior to the
                Affiliate Transfer for any securities issued in connection with
                the securitization of the Loan which are then outstanding; and

        5.8     any third party consents or approvals that are required in order
                to consummate the contemplated transaction shall have been
                obtained and Lender shall be provided with satisfactory evidence
                of same.

If the Affiliate Transfer consists of an assignment of lease to an Affiliate of
MHC, then Lender shall fully release Borrower from any further obligation or
liability to Lender under this Note and the other Loan Documents upon the
assumption by an Affiliate of MHC of all such obligations and liabilities and
the satisfaction of all other conditions precedent to the Affiliate Transfer in
accordance with the provisions of this Section. In addition to the Affiliate
Transfer permitted above, Lender's consent shall not be required for the normal
day to day trading of shares of MHC in the public securities market and such
transactions shall not constitute a Affiliate Transfer hereunder.



                                   EXHIBIT A
                                       5
<PAGE>   15
                                                            Loan No. 31-0900195R

                          EXHIBIT B TO PROMISSORY NOTE
                   LOAN DOCUMENTS AND OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS

This Exhibit B is attached to and forms a part of that Promissory Note Secured
by Leasehold Deed of Trust ("Note") executed by MHC DATE PALM, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Borrower") in favor of WELLS FARGO BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Lender").

1.      LOAN DOCUMENTS. The documents numbered 1.1 through 1.11 below of even
        date herewith (unless otherwise specified) and any amendments,
        modifications and supplements thereto which have received the prior
        written approval of Lender and any documents executed in the future that
        are approved by Lender and that recite that they are "Loan Documents"
        for purposes of this Note are collectively referred to as the "Loan
        Documents".

        1.1     This Note;

        1.2     Leasehold Deed of Trust;

        1.3     State of Illinois Commercial Code - Financing Statement - Form
                UCC-1;

        1.4     State of California Uniform Commercial Code - Financing
                Statement - Form UCC-1;

        1.5     Limited Liability Company Borrowing Certificate;

        1.6     Corporate Resolution Authorizing Limited Liability Company
                Activity and Certificate of Incumbency;

        1.7     Corporate Resolutions Authorizing Execution of Guaranty and
                Certificate of Incumbency;

        1.8     Ground Lease Estoppel Certificate and Agreement ("Estoppel")
                executed by the requisite ground lessors thereunder and approved
                by the Bureau of Indian Affairs ("BIA");

        1.9     Supplemental Agreement No. 5 ("Supplemental Agreement") executed
                by the requisite ground lessors thereunder the approved by the
                BIA;

        1.10    Assignment of Management Contracts and Consent and Subordination
                of Manager; and

        1.11    O&M Plan Letter.

2.      OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS WHICH ARE NOT LOAN DOCUMENTS.

        2.1     Limited Guaranty;

        2.2     Bankruptcy Non-Consolidation Opinion of Borrower's legal
                counsel;

        2.3     Consent and Approval of the Loan executed by the BIA;

        2.4     Sublease by and between Borrower and LP Management Corp.
                approved by the BIA; and

        2.5     Assignment and Assumption of Business Lease by and between MHC
                Operating Limited Partnership and Community Systems, Inc., as
                assignor, and Borrower, as assignee ("Assignment of Ground
                Lease"), consented to by the requisite ground lessors thereunder
                and approved by the BIA (the Assignment of Ground Lease,
                Supplemental Agreement and Estoppel are referred to collectively
                herein as the "Date Palm Ground Lease Documents").


                                   EXHIBIT B
                                       1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c61160ex12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT 12
                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
                          (Dollar amounts in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                     2000           1999           1998           1997           1996
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Income before allocation to Minority
   Interests and extraordinary loss on early
   extinguishment of debt                          $ 52,701       $ 36,835       $ 35,663       $ 33,469       $ 26,943

Fixed Charges                                        64,532         56,619         49,693         21,753         18,264
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------

Earnings                                           $117,233       $ 93,454       $ 85,356       $ 55,222       $ 45,207
                                                   ====================================================================


Interest incurred                                  $ 52,317       $ 53,134       $ 49,160       $ 20,708       $ 16,794
Amortization of deferred financing costs                963            641            533          1,045          1,470
Perpetual Preferred OP Unit Distributions            11,252          2,844
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------

Fixed Charges                                      $ 64,532       $ 56,619       $ 49,693       $ 21,753       $ 18,264
                                                   ====================================================================


Earnings/Fixed Charges                                 1.82           1.65           1.72           2.54           2.48
                                                   ====================================================================
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c61160ex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIAIRES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

EXHIBIT 21

MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

                                                     State of Incorporation
                                                        or Organization
                                                     ----------------------

MHC Operating Limited Partnership                           Illinois

MHC Financing Limited Partnership                           Illinois

MHC Management Limited Partnership                          Illinois

MHC Financing Limited Partnership Two                       Delaware

Blue Ribbon Communities Limited Partnership                 Delaware

LP Management Corporation                                   Delaware

MHC-QRS, Inc.                                               Delaware

MHC-QRS Two, Inc.                                           Delaware

MHC-QRS Blue Ribbon Communities, Inc.                       Delaware

MHC Lending Limited Partnership                             Illinois

MHC-Lending QRS, Inc.                                       Illinois

MHC-DeAnza Financing Limited Partnership                    Illinois

MHC-QRS DeAnza, Inc.                                        Illinois

MHC-DAG Management Limited Partnership                      Illinois

MHC-Bay Indies Financing Limited Partnership                Illinois

MHC-QRS Bay Indies, Inc.                                    Illinois

MHC Systems, Inc.                                           Illinois
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c61160ex23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT 23


                       MANUFACTURED HOME COMMUNITIES, INC.
                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Form S-8 No. 333-68473, No. 333-28469, No. 333-25295, and No. 33-76486, and
Form S-3 No. 333-90813, No. 333-65515, No. 333-25297, No. 333-1710, No. 33-82902
and No. 33-97288) of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc., and in the related
Prospectuses, of our report dated January 25, 2001, except for Note 18 as to
which the date is February 13, 2001, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements and schedules of Manufactured Home Communities, Inc., and to the
reference to our firm under the caption "Selected Financial and Operating
Information" included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended
December 31, 2000.


                                         ERNST & YOUNG LLP


Chicago, Illinois
March 26, 2001
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c61160ex24-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR JOHN F. PODJASEK, JR.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

                                                   Exhibit 24.1


STATE OF ILLINOIS    )
                     )  SS
COUNTY OF COOK       )


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that John F. Podjasek, Jr., having an
address at Barrington, Illinois, has made, constituted and appointed and BY
THESE PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint John M. Zoeller and Howard
Walker, or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza,
Chicago, Illinois 60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in his
name, place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form
10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving and
granting unto each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done in and
about the premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or could
do if personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution
and revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of such
Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.

         This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, John F. Podjasek, Jr., has hereunto, set
         his hand this 7th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ John F. Podjasek, Jr.
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         John F. Podjasek, Jr.



         I, Jennifer L. Usher, a Notary Public in and for said County in the
State aforesaid, do hereby certify that John F. Podjasek, Jr., personally know
to me to be the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument
appeared before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and
delivered said instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.

         Given under my hand and notarial seal this 7th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Jennifer L. Usher
                                         -----------------------------------
                                         (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


January 6, 2003
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c61160ex24-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR MICHAEL A. TORRES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

                                                      Exhibit 24.2


STATE OF CALIFORNIA  )
                     ) SS
COUNTY OF ALAMEDA    )


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Michael A. Torres, having an
address at Alameda, California, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint John M. Zoeller and Howard Walker,
or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza, Chicago,
Illinois 60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in his name,
place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving and granting unto
each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if
personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and
revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of such
Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.

         This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Michael A. Torres, has hereunto, set his hand this
23rd day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Michael A. Torres
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Michael A. Torres



         I, Nancy K. Hagel, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Michael A. Torres, personally know to me to be
the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument appeared
before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and delivered said
instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and purposes therein set
forth.

         Given under my hand and notarial seal this 23rd day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Nancy K. Hagel
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


March 16, 2005
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.3
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>c61160ex24-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR THOMAS E. DOBROWSKI
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

                                                         Exhibit 24.3


STATE OF NEW YORK    )
                     ) SS
COUNTY OF NEW YORK   )


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Thomas E. Dobrowski, having an
address at New York, New York, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint John M. Zoeller and Howard Walker,
or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza, Chicago,
Illinois 60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in his name,
place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving and granting unto
each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if
personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and
revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of such
Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.

         This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Thomas E. Dobrowski, has hereunto, set his hand
this 6th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Thomas E. Dobrowski
                                         -----------------------------------
                                         Thomas E. Dobrowski



         I, Cynthia L. Morra, a Notary Public in and for said County in the
State aforesaid, do hereby certify that Thomas E. Dobrowski, personally know to
me to be the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument
appeared before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and
delivered said instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and
purposes therein set forth.

         Given under my hand and notarial seal this 6th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Cynthia L. Morra
                                         -------------------------------------
                                         (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


March 30, 2001
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.4
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>c61160ex24-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR GARY WATERMAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

                                                             Exhibit 24.4


STATE OF WASHINGTON   )
                      ) SS
COUNTY OF KITSAP      )


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Gary L. Waterman, having an address
at Bainbridge, Washington, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint John M. Zoeller and Howard Walker,
or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza, Chicago,
Illinois 60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in his name,
place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving and granting unto
each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if
personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and
revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of such
Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.

         This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Gary L. Waterman, has hereunto, set his hand this
14th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Gary L. Waterman
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Gary L. Waterman



         I, Judy S. Cooley, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Gary L. Waterman, personally know to me to be
the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument appeared
before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and delivered said
instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and purposes therein set
forth.

         Given under my hand and notarial seal this 14th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Judy S. Cooley
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


August 29, 2002
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.5
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>c61160ex24-5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR DONALD S. CHISHOLM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

                                                           Exhibit 24.5


STATE OF MICHIGAN    )
                     ) SS
COUNTY OF WASHTENAW  )


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Donald S. Chisholm, having an
address at Ann Arbor, Michigan, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint John M. Zoeller and Howard Walker,
or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza, Chicago,
Illinois 60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in his name,
place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving and granting unto
each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if
personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and
revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of such
Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.

         This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Donald S. Chisholm, has hereunto, set his hand this
2nd day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Donald S. Chisholm
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Donald S. Chisholm



         I, Nancy C. Gross, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Donald S. Chisholm, personally know to me to
be the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument appeared
before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and delivered said
instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and purposes therein set
forth.

         Given under my hand and notarial seal this 2nd day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Nancy C. Gross
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:

July 16, 2002
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.6
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>c61160ex24-6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR LOUIS H. MASOTTI
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

                                                         Exhibit 24.6


STATE OF CALIFORNIA    )
                       ) SS
COUNTY OF  SONOMA      )


         KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that Louis H. Masotti, having an address
at Healdsburg, California, has made, constituted and appointed and BY THESE
PRESENTS, does make, constitute and appoint John M. Zoeller and Howard Walker,
or either of them, having an address at Two North Riverside Plaza, Chicago,
Illinois 60606, his true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact for him and in his name,
place and stead to sign and execute in any and all capacities this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving and granting unto
each of such, Attorney-in-Fact, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing, requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully, to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if
personally present at the doing thereof, with full power of substitution and
revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of such
Attorney-in-Fact or his substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.

         This power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
terminated by the undersigned through the instrumentality of a signed writing.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Louis H. Masotti, has hereunto, set his hand this
5th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Louis H. Masotti
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Louis H. Masotti



         I, Leigh Mateas, a Notary Public in and for said County in the State
aforesaid, do hereby certify that Louis H. Masotti, personally know to me to be
the same person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument appeared
before me this day in person and acknowledged that he signed and delivered said
instrument as his own free voluntary act for the uses and purposes therein set
forth.

         Given under my hand and notarial seal this 5th day of March, 2001.


                                         /s/ Leigh Mateas
                                         --------------------------
                                         (Notary Public)


My Commission Expires:


December 24, 2002
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
