-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 PtEssfMtFMFfdOoj1Kfw6oJojBz3TgLpTJguLw9j/v8jDdF8aqUlUUXSoSr7hf7u
 ZWMXeMd0u8H8QD0jsJsECw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000927016-01-500120.txt : 20010409
<SEC-HEADER>0000927016-01-500120.hdr.sgml : 20010409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000927016-01-500120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		29
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EPRESENCE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888711
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				042798394
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20364
		FILM NUMBER:		1589545

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 FLANDERS ROAD
		CITY:			WESTBORO
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01581
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5088981000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BANYAN SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

[X]   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
      ACT OF 1934

      For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

                                       OR

[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

     For the transition period from _______________ TO ________________________


                       Commission file number  000-20364

                                ePresence, Inc.
        --------------------------------------------------------------
            (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)



                                 MASSACHUSETTS
        --------------------------------------------------------------
        (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)



                                  04-2798394
        --------------------------------------------------------------
                     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)




                               120 FLANDERS ROAD
                         WESTBORO, MASSACHUSETTS 01581
        --------------------------------------------------------------
             (Address and Zip Code of Principal Executive Offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 508-898-1000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
<PAGE>

                         COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE
                               (Title of Class)


  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]       No [_]

  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.   [_]

  The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant, based on a per share fair market value as of March 22, 2001
of $4.313, was approximately $67,354,990. For this purpose, any officer,
director or 5% stockholder of the Company is deemed to be an affiliate. The
Registrant has no shares of non-voting Common Stock authorized or outstanding.

  On March 22, 2001, there were 24,086,446 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

(1)  Specifically identified portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders for
     the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 (the "Annual Report to
     Shareholders") are incorporated by reference into Part II of this Annual
     Report on Form 10-K.

(2)  Specifically identified portions of the Company's Definitive Proxy
     Statement, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within
     120 days after December 31, 2000 in connection with the Company's 2000
     Annual Meeting of Stockholders, are incorporated by reference into Part III
     of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
<PAGE>

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


  This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation,
information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, statements
relating to the sufficiency of cash and cash equivalent balances, anticipated
expenditures, the intended effects of our discontinuation of the software
business and, our sales and marketing and product development efforts.  We
cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
and you should not place undo reliance on our forward-looking statements.  For
this purpose, any statements contained herein that are not statements of
historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting
the foregoing, the words "will", "believe", "anticipate", "plan", "expect" and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There
are a number of important factors that could cause actual events or our actual
results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking
statements.  These factors include, without limitation, the factors set forth
under the caption  "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations - Factors Affecting Future Operating Results" which
is incorporated by reference in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
From time to time, we may also provide oral or written forward-looking
statements in other materials we release to the public.  We do not assume any
obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements we make.


                                    PART I

ITEM 1.   BUSINESS


GENERAL

  ePresence, Inc. (formerly Banyan Systems Incorporated)("ePresence," the
"Company" or the "Registrant") is a leading provider of technology-services from
e-infrastructure through web development deployed on leading-edge Internet and
directory technologies.    Our primary service offerings include web site and
web portal design and implementation; directory and security planning,
application design and integration; and network integration and optimization.

  Web site design and web portal design and implementation services allow
customers to use the Internet to further the goals of their businesses.  Our
system architects plan the technical infrastructure for intranets, extranets and
Internet sites.  We assist customers with Web site management, staffing, content
and maintenance.  We develop data-backed Web sites including directories, image
repositories, course catalogs, archives, document libraries and other
applications.  We have the capability to integrate third-party software into
customers' web applications, such as search engines, SQL databases, ad
management software and other applications with a focus on customer relationship
management and personalization.

  Directory and security planning, application design and integration allow
customers to improve the architecture and performance of their enterprise and
Internet infrastructure.  Our consultants provide a comprehensive analysis of a
customer's enterprise-computing environment including topology, security
requirements, client capabilities, application and messaging directory
environment, constraints and data ownership.  Our consultants also provide a
security assessment service, which includes a comprehensive security analysis of
a customer's enterprise and Internet infrastructure that assesses critical
requirements and efficiencies.  The service includes a review of business
objectives, a basic security assessment, a threat and risk assessment and a
penetration analysis simulating an intruder attack in a safe, controlled way.
The customer's directory and security is evaluated and an assessment of
available technology products is performed.  Our consultants provide customers
with a proof of concept where a proposed solution is built, prototyped and
tested.
<PAGE>

  Network integration and optimization allow customers to achieve improved
network performance across multiple platforms.  We understand that high
availability and performance are the foundation of creating an e-business
environment that offers customers, employees and business partners a positive
experience.  Building and improving infrastructure designs, proactively
addressing recurring performance issues and planning for growth all require that
organizations have an understanding of the normal operating conditions of their
applications and underlying network.  We offer personalized, proactive
application trending, with expert analysis and recommendations for improving and
maintaining overall application performance, underlying network performance,
service levels and bandwith utilization.

  A critical element of our strategy is to ensure that customers are provided
with consulting services required to build, manage and optimize the network
environment using multi-vendor products.  Consulting services are generally
offered on a customized basis and in certain cases are packaged with other
services.  When combined with other third party products and services, they are
positioned as solution offerings.

  In early 1999, we established a global alliance with Microsoft Corporation to
deliver greater business value and increase competitive advantage for enterprise
customers. We have developed new services and software tools that increase the
interoperability, connectivity and integration among our products and those of
Microsoft.  As part of the alliance, we have expanded our Microsoft certified
network services organization, established Customer Solutions Centers and worked
with Microsoft to develop worldwide sales and marketing programs. Under the
agreement, Microsoft agreed to provide $10 million over a three-year period for
training at least 500 professionals, certain marketing and product development
efforts as well as the purchase of 1,750,000 common stock warrants.  Microsoft
has advanced $8.4 million to the Company.

  In October 1999, we announced a decision to exit our software business and
initiated accounting  for  this business as discontinued operations.  Prior to
1999, the largest share of our revenue was derived from our software business.
Since 1995, our software revenues had declined primarily due to competitive
pressures in the network operating system and electronic messaging markets.

  During 2000, we focused our efforts on strengthening our position in the
services marketplace with the acquisition of two services companies and the
intital public offering of Switchboard.

  ePresence is a servicemark of the Company.  Other trademarks, tradenames and
service marks used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their
respective companies or organizations.


SWITCHBOARD INCORPORATED

  Switchboard Incorporated ("Switchboard"), formerly a majority-owned
subsidiary, is a leading Internet-based local merchant network interconnecting
consumers, merchants and national advertisers. Through its Web site,
Switchboard.com, Switchboard offers users local information about people and
businesses across the United States. The Switchboard Web site provides a broad
range of functions, content and services designed to connect consumers and
businesses on the Internet.

  On March 2, 2000, Switchboard consummated an initial public offering.  Prior
to the offering we owned approximately 54% of Switchboard's outstanding common
stock.  As of March 26, 2001, we own approximately 38% of Switchboard's
outstanding common stock.  Due to our stock ownership and our control of
Switchboard's board of directors during 2000, we consolidated Switchboard's
results as part of our financial results.  See Note S, Segment informaton, in
the Company's Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2000 which are incorporated by reference and included herein in
Exhibit 13.
<PAGE>

  In January 2001, ePresence, Viacom and Switchboard terminated the Switchboard
Voting Rights Agreement dated as of June 30, 1999.  As a result, we no longer
control the Switchboard board of directors.  Beginning on January 1, 2001, we
will account for our investment in Switchboard on the equity method whereby our
pro rata share of Switchboard's net (loss) /income will be reflected as a
separate line item below (loss)/income form operations as opposed to the
consolidated accounting treatment applied in 2000 and prior periods.


CUSTOMERS

  In 2000, we initiated a number of new consulting engagements with leading
organizations such as Cingular Interactive, Fiduciary Trust International, and
The Turner Corporation.  Going forward, we believe Internet-related services
will be increasingly important to customers that desire to cost-effectively,
securely and reliably extend the reach of their key business applications via
the Web.

  Our services customers, which include many Fortune 500 companies, typically
are medium to large-size businesses, financial institutions, professional
organizations, universities, government entities and not-for-profit
organizations with multiple sites dispersed over wide geographic areas.

  For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, no one customer
accounted for more than 10% of our continuing revenue.


SALES AND MARKETING

  We market our services primarily through sales professionals located in North
America, Europe and Australia.  Our principal U.S. regional offices are based in
or near Boston, Dallas, Detroit, New York and Washington, D.C.  Internationally,
we have regional offices in Canada, Germany, The Netherlands and the United
Kingdom.  This regional focus, combined with our local service approach, helps
us to develop strong market presence and recognition in each of our local
markets.  Our sales professionals operate through a coordinated process to
evaluate prospective customers and secure new engagements.

  Our sales efforts are supplemented by marketing and communications activities
that are pursued to build brand and recognition in the marketplace.  These
activities include a public relations program, attendance at industry
conferences and business events, sales and marketing materials, public speaking
oppurtunities and training and branding our solutions selling model.

  We have established alliances, including with the following companies, to
support our services solutions selling: ATG, Business Layers, Commvault, Dell,
EMC, Fastlane, IBM, Interwoven, iPlanet (a Sun-Netscape Alliance), Microsoft,
Netegrity, Netscout, Screaming Media, and Vignette.


COMPETITION

  The services business is highly fragmented and increasingly competitive with
no dominant set of Internet consulting or integration companies worldwide that
we directly compete against.  We believe that we currently compete principally
with consulting and integration firms, application vendors and internal
information systems groups.  Many of these companies have greater financial,
technical and marketing resources than we have and generate greater revenues and
have greater name recognition than us.  In addition, there are relatively low
barriers to entry into our markets, and we have faced, and expect to continue to
face, additional competition from new entrants into our markets.
<PAGE>

EMPLOYEES

  At December 31, 2000, we employed 400 persons, including 353 in sales,
marketing, professional services delivery and related activities, 44 in finance,
legal, administration, and human resources and 3 in our discontinued software
business. In addition, Switchboard employed 93 persons as of such date. We have
no collective bargaining agreement with respect to our employees. We believe
that our relations with employees are good. See Note S, Segment Information, in
the Company's Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2000 which are incorporated by reference and included herein in
Exhibit 13.

INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS

  See Note S, Segment Information, in the Company's Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2000 which are incorporated
by reference and included herein in Exhibit 13.



ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

  Our principal administrative and sales and marketing facilities are located in
Westboro, Massachusetts and consist of approximately 79,203 square feet under a
lease that expires on July 31, 2005, with an aggregate annual base rent of
approximately $423,744. We sublease aproximately 25,448 square feet of this
space to Switchboard, under a sublease that expires on December 31, 2002, with
an aggregate annual base rental income of approximately $518,000. We lease and
occupy sales offices in 23 additional locations throughout the United States,
Canada and Europe.


ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

  There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine
litigation incidental to our business, to which we or any of our subsidiaries is
a party or of which any of their property is the subject.


ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

  No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report.


                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

  The Company's executive officers as of March 27, 2001 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                   Age   Position
- ----                   ---   --------
<S>                    <C>   <C>
William P. Ferry         48  President and Chief Executive Officer

Anthony J. Bellantuoni   49  Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Rodney Jackson           50  Senior Vice President and General Manager, Americas

Scott Silk               43  Senior Vice President, Marketing and Business
                             Development

Richard M. Spaulding     41  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
                             Treasurer and Clerk

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

  Mr. Ferry, President and Chief Executive Officer, joined the Company in
February 1997.  Mr. Ferry has been Chairman of the Board since October 1997 and
has been a director of the Company and served as President and Chief Executive
Officer since joining the Company.  Mr. Ferry has served as a Director and
Officer of Switchboard since March 1997 and has been Switchboard's Chairman of
the Board since February 1998.  From August 1990 to February 1997, he served in
various management capacities at Wang Laboratories, Inc., a global network and
desktop integrating and services company, including President, Services Division
from July 1994 to February 1997 and Senior Vice President and General Manager,
North American Operations from January 1993 to July 1994. Mr. Ferry's
professional experience also includes executive positions at Digital Equipment
Corporation and Texas Instruments.

  Mr. Bellantuoni, Senior Vice President of Human Resources, joined the Company
in July 1997. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bellantuoni was Vice President
of Human Resources at Wang Laboratories, Inc., a global network and desktop
integrating and services company,  from 1993 to 1997. Mr. Bellantuoni also held
various senior management positions at Wang Laboratories, Inc. from 1979 to his
appointment as Vice President in 1993.

  Mr. Jackson, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Americas, joined the
Company in August 1999. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Jackson was Vice
President, Worldwide Financial Services Industry Practice at Compaq Computer
Corporation (formerly Digital Equipment Corporation), a global supplier of
computing systems and solutions, from 1998 to July 1999. Mr. Jackson was Vice
President, Worldwide Network and Systems Integration Services Business
Operations at Digital Equipment Corporation from 1996 to 1998. Mr. Jackson also
held various senior management positions at Digital Equipment Corporation from
1980 to 1996.

  Mr. Silk, Senior Vice President of Marketing and Business Development, joined
the Company in January 1999. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Silk was
President of North American Operations and Vice President of Worldwide Marketing
at Gentia Software, a software company specializing in data warehousing and
analytical applications, from January 1997 to January 1999. In 1996, Mr. Silk
was Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Actium Corporation, a systems
integration firm. From 1980 to 1995, he held a variety of senior level sales,
marketing and general management positions at Unisys Corporation.

  Mr. Spaulding, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer
and Clerk, joined the Company in September 1990. Prior to joining the Company,
he served in a number of senior financial management positions with C. R. Bard,
Inc., a medical products provider, from June 1985 to September 1990. From June
1983 to June 1985, Mr. Spaulding was a Certified Public Accountant with Arthur
Andersen & Company.


<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
          MATTERS

  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Supplementary Data-Selected Financial Data" appearing in the Annual Report to
Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Supplementary Data-Selected Financial Data" appearing in the Annual Report to
Shareholders.  Such information is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
          RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders.  Such information
is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders.  Such information
is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Supplementary Data-Selected Financial Data" appearing in the Annual Report to
shareholders and in the consolidated financial statements and schedules referred
to in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial
Statement Schedules filed as part of this 10-K. Such information is incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
      FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

  None.


                                    PART III

  The information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy
statement, pursuant to Regulation 14A, with respect to the 2001 Annual Meeting
<PAGE>

of Stockholders (the "2001 Proxy Statement") which the Company will file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of
the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


ITEM 10.   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

  Except as provided below, information with respect to this item will appear in
the sections captioned "Proposal 1--Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" appearing in the 2001 Proxy
Statement, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. Information
required by this item with respect to Executive Officers of the Company may be
found under the section captioned "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in
Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

  Information with respect to this item will appear in the sections captioned
"Executive Compensation," "Director Compensation" and "Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions" appearing in the 2001 Proxy Statement. Such information is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

  Information with respect to this item will appear in the section captioned
"Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock" appearing in the 2001 Proxy Statement.
Such information is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

  Information with respect to this item will appear in the section captioned
"Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" appearing in the 2001 Proxy
Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.


                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) The following documents are filed as part of or are included in this Annual
    Report on Form 10-K:

  1. Consolidated Financial Statements:

     . Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999.

     . Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
       2000, 1999, and 1998.

     . Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended
       December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.

     . Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
       2000, 1999 and 1998.

     . Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
<PAGE>

     . Report of Independent Accountants for the years ended December 31,
       2000, 1999 and 1998.

  2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules:

     . Report of Independent Accountants.

     . Schedule II--Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.

     . Schedules other than the one listed above have been omitted since they
       are either not required, not applicable or the information is otherwise
       included.

  3. Listing of Exhibits:

     . The Exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
       listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such Exhibits, which
       Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.  Documents listed on
       such Exhibit Index, except for documents identified by footnotes, are
       being filed as exhibits herewith.  Documents identified by footnotes are
       being incorporated by reference herein and, pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under
       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, reference is made to such documents
       as previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(b) The Company filed an  Analysts Presentation under Item 9 on Form 8-K on
    November 7, 2000.  No other reports on Form 8-K were filed by the Company
    during the last quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.
<PAGE>

                                  SCHEDULE II

                                ePresence, Inc.
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
             FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998
                            (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                  BALANCE   ADDITIONS
                                                                    AT      CHARGED TO               BALANCE
                                                                 BEGINNING  COSTS AND                AT END
                          DESCRIPTION                            OF PERIOD   EXPENSES   DEDUCTIONS  OF PERIOD
                          -----------                            ---------  ----------  ----------  ---------
<S>                                                              <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
Year ended December 31, 2000

  Reserve for price, sales and doubtful account allowance......     $  869      $  654      $  245     $1,278

Year ended December 31, 1999

  Reserve for price, sales and doubtful account allowance......     $2,917      $  834      $2,882     $  869

Year ended December 31, 1998:

  Reserve for price, sales and doubtful account allowance......     $3,721      $1,177      $1,981     $2,917

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
ePresence, Inc.:

  Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our report
dated February 1, 2001 appearing on page 25 of the 2000 Annual Report to
Shareholders of ePresence, Inc. (which report and consolidated financial
statements are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K)
also included an audit of the financial statement schedule noted in
Item 14(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our opinion, this financial statement
schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial
statements.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
February 1, 2001
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NUMBER      TITLE OF DOCUMENT
- ------      -----------------
<S>         <C>
2(3)        Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Strategic
            Network Designs, Inc. and the Stockholders of Strategic Network
            Designs, Inc., dated May 11, 2000.

2A          Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement among the Company, David R.
            Rovner and Ranjan Sinja, individually and as the Stockholders'
            Representative of the stockholders of ePresence CRM, Inc. (formerly
            Strategic Network Designs, Inc.).

3.1(2)      Second Amended and Restated Articles of Organization of the
            Registrant.

3.2(16)     Articles of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Articles of
            Organization, as filed with the Secretary of the Commonwealth of
            Massachusetts on May 9, 2000.

3.3(1)      Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant.

3.3A(14)    Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant.

10.1+(8)    Second Amended and Restated 1984 Incentive Stock Option Plan.

10.2+(8)    Second Amended and Restated 1984 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.

10.3+(15)   1992 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended.

10.3A+(10)  Form of Incentive Stock Option for grant under the 1992 Stock
            Incentive Plan, as amended.

10.3B+(10)  Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option for grant under the 1992 Stock
            Incentive Plan, as amended.

10.3C+      Revised form of Incentive Stock Option for grant under the 1992
            Stock Incentive Plan, as amended.

10.3D+      Revised form of Non-Qualified Stock Option for grant under the 1992
            Stock Incentive Plan, as amended.

10.4+(15)   1992 Director Stock Option Plan, as amended.

10.5(17)    Deferred Compensation Plan of the Registrant.

10.6+(4)(5) Employment Agreement dated February 4, 1997 between the Registrant
            and William P. Ferry, as amended.

10.6A+(9)   Amendment No. 2 dated as of October 16, 1998 to Employment Agreement
            between the Registrant and William P. Ferry.

10.6B+(14)  Amendment No. 3 dated as of December 8, 1999 to Employment Agreement
            between the Registrant and William P. Ferry.

10.6C+      Amendment No. 4 dated as of November 16, 2000 to Employment
            Agreement between the Registrant and William P. Ferry.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                           EXHIBIT INDEX (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NUMBER      TITLE OF DOCUMENT
- ------      -----------------
<S>         <C>
10.7(1)     Real Estate Sublease dated June 19, 1991, as amended to date,
            between the Registrant and Sytron Corporation.

10.8(1)     Lease Agreement dated April 21, 1989, as amended to date, between
            the Registrant and CB Westboro C Limited Partnership, a Texas
            Limited Partnership.

10.8A(9)    Amendment to Lease Agreement dated April 21, 1993 between the
            Registrant and CB Westboro C Limited Partnership, a Texas Limited
            Partnership.

10.8B       Amendment to Lease Agreement dated July 22, 1994 between the
            Registrant and CB Westboro C Limited Partnership, a Texas Limited
            Partnership.

10.8C       Amendment to Lease Agreement dated September 19, 1995 between the
            Registrant and Commonwealth Westboro Limited Partnership, a
            Massachusetts Limited Partnership (as successor in interest to
            CB Westboro C Limited Partnership, a Texas Limited Partnership).

10.9(1)(9)  Lease Agreement dated November 14, 1986, as amended to date, between
            the Registrant and Aetna Real Estate Associated, L.P. (as assignee
            of Flanders Realty Trust).

10.9A(9)    Amendment to Lease Agreement dated April 1, 1993 between the
            Registrant and Aetna Real Estate, L.P. (as assignee of Flanders
            Realty Trust).

10.9B(8)    Fifth Lease Extension and Modification Agreement made as of
            October 15, 1997 between Aetna Real Estate Associates and the
            Registrant.

10.10(6)    Securities Issuance Agreement dated as of September 4, 1997 by and
            between Foothill Capital Corporation and the Registrant.

10.10A      Amendment Number One to Securities Issuance Agreement, by and
            between Foothill Capital Corporation and the Registrant.

10.11(6)    Form of Warrant issued by the Registrant to Foothill Capital
            Corporation.

10.12(7)    Preferred Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated as of March 5,
            1998 between the Registrant and HarbourVest Partners V-Direct Fund
            L.P.

10.13(16)   Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to HarbourVest Venture Partners
            V-Direct Fund L.P. on June 30, 2000, replacing the Series B
            Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of March 5,
            1998.

10.14(16)   Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to HarbourVest Venture Partners
            V-Direct Fund L.P. on June 30, 2000, replacing the Series C
            Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of March 5,
            1998.

10.15+(9)   Executive Retention Agreement dated as of October 16, 1998 between
            the Registrant and Richard M. Spaulding.

10.16+(9)   Executive Retention Agreement dated as of October 16, 1998 between
            the Registrant and Anthony J. Bellantuoni.

10.17+(9)   Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement dated October 16, 1998
            between the Registrant and William P. Ferry.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                           EXHIBIT INDEX (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NUMBER      TITLE OF DOCUMENT
- ------      -----------------
<S>         <C>
10.18+(9)   Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement dated October 16, 1998
            between the Registrant and Richard M. Spaulding.

10.19+(9)   Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement dated October 16, 1998
            between the Registrant and Anthony J. Bellantuoni.

10.20*(11)  Alliance Agreement dated January 8, 1999 between the Registrant and
            Microsoft Corporation.

10.21(11)   Warrant Purchase Agreement January 8, 1999 between the Registrant
            and Microsoft.

10.22(11)   Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Registrant to Microsoft
            on January 8, 1999.

10.23+(11)  Employment Letter dated as of January 15, 1999 between the
            Registrant and Scott G. Silk.

10.24+(11)  Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated February 4, 1997 granted
            by the Registrant to William P. Ferry.

10.25+(11)  Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated June 11, 1997 granted by
            the Registrant to Anthony J. Bellantuoni.

10.26(12)   Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 1999
            by and among Switchboard Incorporated, the Registrant and CBS
            Corporation, as amended.

10.26A(13)  Amendment No. 2 to Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement by
            and among Switchboard Incorporated, the Registrant and CBS
            Corporation, effective as of July 1, 1999.

10.27*(12)  Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Switchboard Incorporated to
            CBS Corporation on June 30, 1999.

10.28*(12)  Advertising and Promotion Agreement dated as of June 30, 1999 by and
            among CBS Corporation, the Registrant and Switchboard Incorporated.

10.29(12)   License Agreement dated as of June 30, 1999 by and between CBS
            Corporation and Switchboard Incorporated.

10.30(12)   Warrant Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 1999 by and between
            the Registrant and CBS  Corporation.

10.31(12)   Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Registrant to CBS
            Corporation on June 30, 1999.

10.32+(14)  Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated October 21, 1999 granted
            by the Registrant to William P. Ferry.

10.33+(14)  Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated December 8, 1999
            granted by the Registrant to William P. Ferry.

10.34+(14)  Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement dated October 8,
            1999 between the Registrant and Scott G. Silk.

10.35(16)   Promissory Note issued to the Company by William P. Ferry, dated
            May 5, 2000.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                           EXHIBIT INDEX (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NUMBER      TITLE OF DOCUMENT
- ------      -----------------
<S>         <C>
10.36(16)   Secured Promissory Note issued to the Company by Richard M.
            Spaulding, dated May 5, 2000.

10.37(16)   Secured Promissory Note issued to the Company by Anthony J.
            Bellantuoni, dated May 5, 2000.

10.38(16)   Pledge Agreement between the Company and Richard M. Spaulding, dated
            May 5, 2000.

10.39(16)   Pledge Agreement between the Company and Anthony J. Bellantuoni,
            dated May 5, 2000.

10.40       Credit Agreement between the Company and Fleet National Bank, dated
            October 6, 2000, as amended.

10.41       Security Agreement by the Company in favor of Fleet National Bank,
            dated October 6, 2000.

10.42       Pledge Agreement between the Company and Fleet National Bank, dated
            October 6, 2000.

10.43       Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and
            William P. Ferry, dated December 21, 2000.

10.44       Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and
            William P. Ferry, dated December 21, 2000.

10.45       Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and
            Richard M. Spaulding, dated December 1, 2000.

10.46       Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and
            Anthony J. Bellantuoni, dated December 1, 2000.

10.47       Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement between the Company and
            Scott G. Silk, dated December 1, 2000.

10.48       Secured Promissory Note issued to the Company by Scott Silk, dated
            October 8, 2000.

10.49       Secured Promissory Note issued to the Company by Richard Spaulding,
            dated October 16, 2000.

10.50       Secured Promissory Note issued to the Company by Anthony
            Bellantuoni, dated October 16, 2000.

10.51       Pledge Agreement between the Company and Scott Silk, dated
            October 8, 2000.

10.52       Pledge Agreement between the Company and Richard Spaulding, dated
            October 16, 2000.

10.53       Pledge Agreement between the Company and Anthony Bellantuoni, dated
            October 16, 2000.

10.54       Promissory Note issued to the Company by William P. Ferry, dated
            November 16, 2000.

10.55       Promissory Note issued to the Company by William P. Ferry, dated
            December 21, 2000.

10.56       Termination of Stockholders' Voting Agreement by and among the
            Company, Switchboard Incorporated and Viacom Inc. (formerly CBS
            Corporation), dated January 1, 2001.

10.57       Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement between the Company and William
            P. Ferry, dated January 25, 2001.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                           EXHIBIT INDEX (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NUMBER      TITLE OF DOCUMENT
- ------      -----------------
<S>         <C>
13          Selected portions of the Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders
            for the year ended December 31, 2000 (which is not deemed to be
            "filed" except to the extent that portions thereof are expressly
            incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K).

21          Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23          Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
- ---------------
+           Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement required to
            be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K.

*           Confidential treatment has been requested as to certain portions,
            which portions have been omitted and filed separately with the
            Securities and Exchange Commission.

(1)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-49194).

(2)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 33-54140).

(3)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 25, 2000.

(4)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
            1996.

(5)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30,
            1997.

(6)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
            September 30, 1997.

(7)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 1998.

(8)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
            1997.

(9)         Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
            1998.

(10)        Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-70553).

(11)        Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31,
            1999.

(12)        Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30,
            1999.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                      NOTES TO EXHIBIT INDEX (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NUMBER      TITLE OF DOCUMENT
- ------      -----------------
<S>         <C>
(13)        Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4A to Switchboard
            Incorporated's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
            90013), filed on October 29, 1999, as amended.

(14)        Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
            1999, filed March 30, 2000.

(15)        Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31,
            2000.

(16)        Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30,
            2000.

(17)        Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Registrant's
            Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed June 22, 2000 (File No.
            333-39860).
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                  SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  March 29, 2001

/s/ Richard M. Spaulding
- ------------------------
By: Richard M. Spaulding
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Clerk
(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name                        Title                                    Date
- ----                        -----                                    ----

/s/ William P. Ferry        Chairman of the Board, President      March 29, 2001
- --------------------------  and Chief Executive Officer
William P. Ferry            (Principal Executive Officer)


/s/ Richard M. Spaulding    Senior Vice President, Chief          March 29, 2001
- --------------------------  Financial Officer and
Richard M. Spaulding        Treasurer (Principal Financial
                            and Principal Accounting Officer)


/s/ John F. Burton          Director                              March 29, 2001
- --------------------------
John F. Burton

/s/ Albert A. Notini        Director                              March 29, 2001
- --------------------------
Albert A. Notini

/s/ John J. Rando           Director                              March 29, 2001
- --------------------------
John J. Rando

/s/ Fontaine K. Richardson  Director                              March 29, 2001
- --------------------------
Fontaine K. Richardson

/s/ Robert M. Wadsworth     Director                              March 29, 2001
- --------------------------
Robert M. Wadsworth


                                      19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dex2a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO STOCK PURCHASE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      Exhibit 2A

                                AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                      TO

                           STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


     This Amendment No. 1 (the "Amendment") to the Stock Purchase Agreement
dated as of May 11, 2000 (the "Agreement"), by and among ePresence, Inc., a
Massachusetts corporation (the "Buyer"), Strategic Network Designs, Inc., a
New Jersey corporation ("SND") and the stockholders of SND, is entered into as
of this 9th day of June, 2000. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined shall have the same meaning as in the Agreement.

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Agreement, the Buyer was to obtain
the release of any personal guarantees of David Rovner or Ranjan Sinja within
thirty (30) days from the Closing Date, or cause any borrowings by SND from
First Union to be repaid in full;

     WHEREAS, the parties desire to extend the time period within which the
Buyer may obtain such releases;

     WHEREAS, Section 10.11 provides for written amendments to the Agreement;
and

     NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto to amend Section 5.9 by deleting the
terms "thirty (30)" and replacing "forty-five (45)" therefor.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment, as a
sealed document, as of the date set forth above.


                                       ePRESENCE, INC.


                                       /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                       ------------------------------------
                                       By:  Richard M. Spaulding
                                       Title:  Sr. Vice President & CFO


                                       STOCKHOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE


                                       /s/ Ranjan Sinja
                                       ------------------------------------
                                       By:   Ranjan Sinja


                                       2
<PAGE>

                                AMENDMENT NO. 2

                                      TO

                           STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


     This Amendment No. 2 (the "Amendment") to the Stock Purchase Agreement
dated as of May 11, 2000 (the "Agreement"), by and among ePresence, Inc., a
Massachusetts corporation (the "Buyer"), Strategic Network Designs, Inc., a
New Jersey corporation ("SND") and the stockholders of SND, is entered into as
of this 26th day of June, 2000. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined shall have the same meaning as in the Agreement.

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Agreement, the Buyer was to obtain
the release of any personal guarantees of David Rovner or Ranjan Sinja within
thirty (30) days from the Closing Date, or cause any borrowings by SND from
First Union to be repaid in full;

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated
June 9, 2000, the time period within which the Buyer may obtain such releases
was extended from thirty (30) days to forty-five (45) days;

     WHEREAS, the parties desire to further extend the time period within which
the Buyer may obtain such releases; and

     WHEREAS, Section 10.11 provides for written amendments to the Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto to amend Section 5.9 by deleting the
terms "forty-five (45)" and replacing "fifty-nine (59)" therefor.

                                       1
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment, as a
sealed document, as of the date set forth above.


                                       ePRESENCE, INC.


                                       /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                       ------------------------------------
                                       By:  Richard M. Spaulding
                                       Title:  Sr. Vice President & CFO


                                       STOCKHOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE


                                       /s/ Ranjan Sinja
                                       ------------------------------------
                                       By:   Ranjan Sinja

                                       4
<PAGE>

                                AMENDMENT NO.3

                                      TO

                           STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     This Amendment No. 3 (the "Amendment") to the Stock Purchase Agreement
dated as of May 11, 2000, and as amended on June 9, 2000 and on June 26, 2000
(the "Agreement"), by and among ePresence, Inc. a Massachusetts corporation
(the "Buyer"), Strategic Network Designs, Inc., a New Jersey corporation ("SND")
and the stockholders of SND, is entered into this 26th day of March, 2001 by and
among the Buyer, David R. Rovner and Ranjan Sinha, acting individually and as
the Stockholders' Representative, (collectively the "Parties"). Capitalized
terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as in
the Agreement.

     WHEREAS, Section 1.2(b)(i) of the Agreement provides for a Contingent
Payment if certain Performance Based Targets are achieved by the SND Business
Unit;

     WHEREAS, the Parties wish to amend the Agreement subject to the terms and
provisions hereof;

     WHEREAS, Section 10.11 allows for written amendments to the Agreement; and

     NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged by each of the Parties hereto, and with the intent to be
bound, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  Section 1.2(b)(i) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and the
following shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

     "(b)  (i)  Buyer agrees to make a cash payment in the amount of $2,075,000
to the Stockholders (in accordance with the ownership percentages set forth in
Schedule I to the Agreement) in compromise and full settlement of the Contingent
Payment (such payment to be made within 3 business days of full execution and
delivery of this Amendment).  It is further agreed that the Stockholders, after
consulting with its legal counsel, hereby release, discharge and forever waive
any and all claims, known and unknown, that it ever had, now has or might have
against the Buyer and its affiliates and the directors, officers, shareholders,
and employees, agents, attorneys, successors and assigns respectively of each
arising from, or related to the Contingent Payment in any manner whatsoever,
including, without limitation, under Sections 5.2 or 5.3 of the Agreement."

2.  Sections 1.2(b)(ii), 1.2(b)(iii) and 1.2(c) and Schedule II thereto shall be
deleted in their entirety.

                                       5
<PAGE>

3.  Ranjan Sinha represents and warrants to the Buyer that Ranjan Sinha has the
power and authority to execute this Amendment as Stockholders' Representative
and that this Amendment is a valid and binding agreement of the Stockholders,
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

4.  Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Amendment, all of the terms,
conditions and provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect.  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, but all
such counterparts shall together constitute but one instrument.  In making proof
of this Amendment it shall not be necessary to produce or account for one more
than one counterpart signed by each party hereto and against which enforcement
hereof is sought.

5.  This Amendment shall be construed according to and governed by the internal
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to principles of
conflicts of law.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as a
sealed document, as of the date set forth above.


                                       ePRESENCE, INC.


                                       /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                       --------------------------------------
                                       Richard M. Spaulding
                                       Title: Senior Vice President and CFO


                                       /s/ Ranjan Sinha
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Ranjan Sinha, individually and as
                                       Stockholders' Representative


                                       /s/ David R. Rovner
                                       --------------------------------------
                                       David R. Rovner

                                       6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3C
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex103c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REVISED FORM OF INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                       Exhibit 10.3C
                                                       -------------


                                EPRESENCE, INC.
                           1992 Stock Incentive Plan

                      INCENTIVE  STOCK  OPTION  AGREEMENT
                      -----------------------------------


     1.  GRANT OF OPTION.      ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation
(the "Company"), hereby grants to **NAME** (the "Optionee"), an option, pursuant
to the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), to purchase an
aggregate of **NO** shares of Common Stock ("Common Stock") of the Company at a
price of $**DOLLAR** per share, purchasable as set forth in and subject to the
terms and conditions of this option and the Plan. The date of grant of this
option is **DATE**. Except where the context otherwise requires, the term
"Company" shall include the parent and all present and future subsidiaries of
the Company as defined in Sections 424 (e) and 424 (f) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Code").

     2.  INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION.  This option is intended to qualify as an
incentive stock option ("Incentive Stock Option") within the meaning of Section
422 of the Code.

     3.  EXERCISE OF OPTION AND PROVISIONS FOR TERMINATION.
         --------------------------------------------------

         (a)  Vesting Schedule.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,
this option may be exercised prior to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant
(hereinafter the "Expiration Date") in installments as to not more than the
number of shares set forth in the table below during the respective installment
periods set forth in the table below.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         PERCENTAGE OF SHARES AS TO
            EXERCISE PERIOD              WHICH OPTION IS EXERCISABLE
            ---------------              ---------------------------
<S>                                      <C>
            Prior to 12 months after                -0-
            the date of grant.

            From and after 12 months               -34%-
            after the date of grant but
            prior to 24 months after
            the date of grant.

            From and after 24 months               -67%-
            after the date of grant but
            prior to 36 months after the
            date of grant.

            From and after 36 months              -100%-
            after the date of grant.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

The right of exercise shall be cumulative so that if the option is not exercised
to the maximum extent permissible during any exercisable period, it shall be
exercisable, in whole or in part, with respect to all shares not so purchased at
any time prior to the Expiration Date or the earlier termination of this option.
This option may not be exercised at any time on or after the Expiration Date.

         (b) Exercise Procedure.  Subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, this option shall be exercised by the Optionee's delivery of written
notice of exercise to the Treasurer of the Company, specifying the number of
shares to be purchased and the purchase price to be paid therefore and
accompanied by payment in full in accordance with Section 4. Such exercise shall
be effective upon receipt by the Treasurer of the Company of such written notice
together with the required payment. The Optionee may purchase less than the
number of shares covered hereby, provided that no partial exercise of this
option may be for any fractional share or for fewer than ten whole shares.

         (c)  Continuous Employment Required. Except as otherwise provided in
this Section 3, this option may not be exercised unless Optionee, at the time he
or she exercises this option, is, and has been at all times since the date of
grant of this option, an employee of the Company. For all purposes of this
option, (i) "employment" shall be defined in accordance with the provisions of
Section 1.421-7 (h) of the Income Tax Regulations or any successor regulations,
and (ii) if this option shall be assumed or a new option substituted therefore
in a transaction to which Section 424 (a) of the Code applies, employment by
such assuming or substituting corporation (hereinafter called the "Successor
Corporation") shall be considered for all purposes of this option to be
employment by the Company.

         (d)  Exercise Period Upon Termination of Employment.  If the Optionee
ceases to be employed by the Company for any reason, then, except as provided in
paragraphs (e) and (f) below, the right to exercise this option shall terminate
90 days after such cessation (but in no event after the Expiration Date),
provided that this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that the
Optionee was entitled to exercise this option on the date of such cessation.
The Company's obligation to deliver shares upon the exercise of this option
shall be subject to the satisfaction of all applicable federal, state and local
income and employment tax withholding requirements, arising by reason of this
option being treated as a non-statutory option or otherwise.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Optionee, prior to the Expiration Date, materially
violates the non-competition or confidentiality provisions of any employment
contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between
the Optionee and the Company, the right to exercise this option shall terminate
immediately upon written notice to the Optionee from the Company describing such
violation.

         (e)  Exercise Period Upon Death or Disability.  If the Optionee dies or
becomes disabled (within the meaning of Section 22 (e) (3) of the Code) prior to
the Expiration Date while he or she is an employee of the Company, or if the
Optionee dies within 90 days after the Optionee ceases to be an employee of the
Company (other than as a result of a discharge for "cause" as specified in
paragraph (f) below), this option shall be exercisable, within the period of one
year following the date of death or disability of the Optionee (but in no event
after the Expiration Date), by the Optionee or by the person to whom this option
is transferred by will or the laws of descent and distribution, provided that
this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that this option was
exercisable by the Optionee on the date of cessation of employment with the
Company.  Except as otherwise indicated by the context, the term "Optionee", as
used in this option, shall be deemed to include the estate of the Optionee or
any person who acquires the right to exercise this option by bequest or
inheritance or otherwise by reason of the death of the Optionee.

                                                                          Page 2
<PAGE>

         (f)  Discharge for Cause.    If the Optionee, prior to the Expiration
Date, is discharged by the Company for "cause" (as defined below), the right to
exercise this option shall terminate immediately upon such cessation of
employment.  "Cause" shall mean willful misconduct in connection with the
Optionee's employment or willful failure to perform his or her employment
responsibilities in the best interests of the Company (including, without
limitation, breach by the Optionee of any provision of any employment,
nondisclosure, non-competition or other similar agreement between the Optionee
and the Company), as determined by the Company, which determination shall be
conclusive.  The Optionee shall be considered to have been discharged "for
cause" if the Company determines, within 30 days after the Optionee's
resignation, that discharge for cause was warranted.

     4.  PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE.
         -------------------------

         (a)  Method of Payment.  Payment of the purchase price for shares
purchased upon exercise of this option shall be made by delivery of cash or
check (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) in an amount equal
to the exercise price of such options or, with the prior consent of the Company
(which may be withheld in its sole discretion), by (A) delivery of shares of
Common Stock owned by the Optionee for at least six months, valued at their fair
market value, as determined in (b) below, (B) delivery of a promissory note of
the Optionee to the Company on terms determined by the Compensation Committee of
the Company's Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee"), (C) delivery of
an irrevocable undertaking by a broker to deliver promptly to the Company
sufficient funds to pay the exercise price or delivery of irrevocable
instructions to a broker to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check
sufficient to pay the exercise price, (D) payment of such other lawful
consideration as the Compensation Committee may determine, or (E) any
combination of the foregoing.

         (b)  Valuation of Shares or Other Non-Cash Consideration Tendered in
Payment of Purchase Price.    For the purposes hereof, the fair market value of
any share of the Company's Common Stock or other non-cash consideration which
may be delivered to the Company in exercise of this option shall be determined
in good faith by the Compensation Committee.

         (c) Delivery of Shares Tendered in Payment of Purchase Price.     If
the Optionee exercises options by delivery of shares of Common Stock of the
Company, the certificate or certificates representing the shares of Common Stock
of the Company to be delivered shall be duly executed in blank by the Optionee
or shall be accompanied by a stock power duly executed in blank suitable for
purposes of transferring such shares to the Company.  Fractional shares of
Common Stock of the Company will not be accepted in payment of the purchase
price of shares acquired upon exercise of this option.

         (d)  Restrictions on Use of Option Stock.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no shares of Common Stock of the Company may be tendered in payment
of the purchase price of shares purchased upon exercise of this option if the
shares to be so tendered were acquired within six (6) months before the date of
such tender, through the exercise of an option granted under the Plan or any
other stock option or restricted stock plan of the Company.

     5.  DELIVERY OF SHARES; COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAWS, ETC.
         ---------------------------------------------------------

         (a) General.     The Company shall, upon payment of the option price
for the number of shares purchased and paid for, make prompt delivery of such
shares to the Optionee, provided that if any law or regulation requires the
Company to take any action with respect to such shares before the issuance
thereof, then the date of delivery of such shares shall be extended for the
period necessary to complete such action.

                                                                          Page 3
<PAGE>

         (b) Compliance With Securities Laws, Etc.  The Company will not be
obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to
remove restriction from shares previously delivered under the Plan (i) until all
conditions of the option have been satisfied or removed, (ii) until, in the
opinion of the Company's counsel, all applicable federal and state laws and
regulation have been complied with, (iii) if the outstanding Stock is at the
time listed on any stock exchange, until the shares to be delivered have been
listed or authorized to be listed on such

exchange upon official notice of notice of issuance, and (iv) until all other
legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have
been approved by the Company's counsel.

     6.  NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION. Except as provided in paragraph (e) of
Section 3, this Option is personal and no rights granted hereunder may be
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation
of law or otherwise) nor shall any such rights be subject to execution,
attachment or similar process.  Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge,
hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this option or of such rights contrary to
the provisions hereof, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar process
upon this option or such rights, this option and such rights shall, at the
election of the Company, become null and void.

     7.  NO SPECIAL EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS.  Nothing contained in the Plan or this
option shall be construed or deemed by any person under any circumstances to
bind the Company to continue the employment of the Optionee for the period
within which this option may be exercised.

     8.  RIGHTS AS A SHAREHOLDER.  The Optionee shall have no rights as a
shareholder with respect to any shares which may be purchased by exercise of
this option (including, without limitation, any rights to receive dividends or
non-cash distributions with respect to such shares) unless and until a
certificate representing such shares is duly issued and delivered to the
Optionee.  No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which
the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued.

     9.  ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS.
         ---------------------

         (a) General.  In the event of a consolidation, merger or other
reorganization in which all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are
exchanged for securities, cash or other property of any other corporation or
business entity (an "Acquisition") or in the event of a liquidation of the
Company, the Compensation Committee, or the Board of Directors of any
corporation assuming the obligations of the Company, may, in its discretion,
take any one or more of the following actions as to this option:  (I) provide
that this option shall be assumed, or a substantially equivalent option shall be
substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof) on such terms as the Compensation Committee determines to be
appropriate, (ii) upon written notice to the Optionee, provide that if
unexercised, this option will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of
such transaction unless exercised by the Optionee within a specified period
following the date of such notice, (iii) in the event of an Acquisition under
the terms of which holders of the Common Stock of the Company will receive upon
consummation thereof a cash payment for each share surrendered in the
Acquisition (the "Acquisition Price"), make or provide for a cash payment to the
Optionee equal to the difference between (A) the Acquisition Price times the
number of shares of Common Stock subject to outstanding options (to the extent
then exercisable at prices not in excess of the Acquisition Price) and (B) the
aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding options in exchange for the
termination of such options, and (iv) provide that all or any outstanding
options shall become exercisable or realizable in full prior to the effective
date of such Acquisition.

         (b)  Compensation Committee Authority to Make Adjustments.  Any
adjustments under this Section 9 will be made by the Compensation Committee,
whose determination as to

                                                                          Page 4
<PAGE>

what adjustments, if any, will be made and the extent thereof will be final,
binding and conclusive. No fractional shares will be issued pursuant to this
option on account of any such adjustments.

     10. WITHHOLDING TAXES.   The Company's obligation to deliver shares upon
the exercise of this option shall be subject to the Optionee's satisfaction of
all applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding
requirements.  The Optionee shall pay to the Company, or make provision
satisfactory to the Compensation Committee for payment of, any taxes required by
law to be withheld in respect of options under the Plan no later than the date
of the event creating the tax liability.  In the Compensation Committee's
discretion, and subject to the conditions as the Compensation Committee may
establish, such tax obligations may be paid in whole or in part in shares of
Common Stock, including shares retained from the option creating the tax
obligation, valued at their fair market value.  The Company may, to the extent
permitted by law, deduct any such tax obligations from any payment of any kind
otherwise due to the Optionees.

     11. LIMITATIONS ON DISPOSITION OF INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION SHARES.  It is
understood and intended that this option shall qualify as an "incentive stock
option" as defined in Section 422 of the Code.  Accordingly, the Optionee
understands that in order to obtain the benefits of an incentive stock option
under Section 421 of the Code, no sale or other disposition may be made of any
shares acquired upon exercise of the option within one year after the day of the
transfer of such shares to him, nor within two years after the grant of the
option.  If the Optionee intends to dispose, or does dispose (whether by sale,
exchange, gift, transfer or otherwise), of any such shares within said periods,
he or she will notify the Company in writing within ten days after such
disposition.

     12. MISCELLANEOUS.
         -------------

         (a) The Compensation Committee may amend, modify or terminate any
outstanding option, including substituting therefore another option of the same
or a different type, changing the date of exercise or realization, provided that
the Optionee's consent to such action shall be required unless the Compensation
Committee determines that the action, taking into account any related action,
would not materially and adversely affect the Optionee.  The Compensation
Committee may at any time accelerate the time at which all or any part of an
Option may be exercised.

         (b) All notices under this option shall be mailed or delivered by hand
to the parties at their respective addresses set forth beneath their names below
or at such other address as may be designated in writing by either of the
parties to one another.

         (c) This option shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to its choice of
law provisions.

                           EPRESENCE, INC.

                           BY:
                               -----------------------------------------------
                                            Richard M. Spaulding

                           Title:   Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

                           Address: 120 Flanders Road
                                    Westboro, Massachusetts 01581

                                                                          Page 5
<PAGE>

                       OPTIONEE'S ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE


The undersigned hereby accepts the foregoing option and agrees to the terms and
conditions thereof.  The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of
the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan and the Prospectus for such plan.



                                    OPTIONEE


                                    ____________________________________

                                    Name:    ___________________________

                                    Date:  _____________________________

                                    Address:  __________________________

                                              __________________________

                                                                          Page 6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3D
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dex103d.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REVISED FOR OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.3D
                                                                   -------------




                                EPRESENCE, INC.
                           1992 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

                      NON-STATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
                      ------------------------------------


     1.  GRANT OF OPTION.     ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), hereby grants to **NAME** (the "Optionee") an option, pursuant to
the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), to purchase an aggregate
of **NO** shares of Common Stock ("Common Stock") of the Company at a price of
$**DOLLAR** per share, purchasable as set forth in and subject to the terms and
conditions of this option and the Plan. The date of grant of this option is
**DATE**. Except where the context otherwise requires, the term "Company" shall
include the parent and all present and future subsidiaries of the Company as
defined in Sections 424 (e) and 424 (f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended or replaced from time to time (The "Code").

     2.  NON-STATUTORY STOCK OPTION.  This option is not intended to qualify as
an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

     3.  EXERCISE OF OPTION AND PROVISIONS FOR TERMINATION.
         --------------------------------------------------

     a.  Vesting Schedule.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this
option may be exercised prior to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant
(hereinafter the "Expiration Date") in installments as to not more than the
number of shares set forth in the table below during the respective installment
periods set forth in the table below.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         NUMBER OF SHARES AS TO
            EXERCISE PERIOD              WHICH OPTION IS EXERCISABLE
            ---------------              ---------------------------
<S>                                      <C>
            Prior to 12 months after                -0-
            the date of grant.

            From and after 12 months               -34%-
            after the date of grant but
            prior to 24 months after
            the date of grant.

            From and after 24 months               -67%-
            after the date of grant but
            prior to 36 months after the
            date of grant.

            From and after 36 months              -100%-
            after the date of grant.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

The right of exercise shall be cumulative so that if the option is not exercised
to the maximum extent permissible during any exercise period, it shall be
exercisable, in whole or in part, with respect to all shares not so purchased at
any time prior to the Expiration Date or the earlier termination of this option.
This option may not be exercised at any time on or after the Expiration Date,
except as otherwise provided in Section 3 (e) below.

         b. Exercise Procedure.  Subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, this option shall be exercised by the Optionee's delivery of written
notice of exercise to the Treasurer of the Company, specifying the number of
shares to be purchased and the purchase price to be paid therefor and
accompanies by payment in full in accordance with Section 4.  Such exercise
shall be effective upon receipt by the Treasurer of the Company of such written
notice together with the required payment.  The Optionee may purchase less than
the number of shares covered hereby, provided that no partial exercise of this
option may be for any fractional share or for fewer than ten whole shares.

         c. Continuous Relationship with the Company Required.  Except as
otherwise provided in this Section 3, this option may not be exercised unless
the Optionee, at the time he or she exercises this option, is, and has been at
all times since the date of grant of this option, an employee, officer or
director of, or consultant or advisor to, the Company (an "Eligible Optionee").

         d. Termination of Relationship with the Company.  If the Optionee
ceases to be an Eligible Optionee for any reason, then, except as provided in
paragraphs (e) and (f) below, the right to exercise this option shall terminate
3 months after such cessation (but in no event after the Expiration Date),
provided that this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that the
Optionee was entitled to exercise this option on the date of such cessation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Optionee, prior to the Expiration Date,
materially violates the non-competition or confidentiality provisions of any
employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other
agreement between the Optionee and the Company, the right to exercise this
option shall terminate immediately upon written notice to the Optionee from the
Company describing such violation.

         e. Exercise Period Upon Death or Disability.  If the Optionee dies or
becomes disabled (within the meaning of Section 22 (e) (3) of the Code) prior to
the Expiration Date while he or she is an Eligible Employee, or if the Optionee
dies within three months after the Optionee ceases to be an Eligible Optionee
(other than as the result of a termination of such relationship by the Company
for "cause" as specified in paragraph (f) below, this option shall be
exercisable, within the period of one year following the date of death or
disability of the Optionee (whether or not such exercise occurs before the
Expiration Date), by the Optionee or by the person to whom this option is
transferred by will or the laws of descent and distribution, provided that this
option shall be exercisable only to the extent that this option was exercisable
by the Optionee on the date of his or her death or disability.  Except as
otherwise indicated by the context, the term "Optionee", as used in this option,
shall be deemed to include the estate of the

                                     Page 2
<PAGE>

Optionee or any person who acquires the right to exercise this option by bequest
or inheritance or otherwise by reason of the death of the Optionee.

         f. Discharge for Cause.  If the Optionee, prior to the Expiration Date,
ceases his or her relationship with the Company because such relationship is
terminated by the Company for "cause" (as defined below), the right to exercise
this option shall terminate immediately upon such cessation.  "Cause" shall mean
willful misconduct by the Optionee or willful failure to perform his or her
responsibilities in the best interests of the Company (including, without
limitation, breach by the Optionee of any provision of any employment,
consulting, advisory, nondisclosure, non-competition or other similar agreement
between the Optionee and the Company), as determined by the Company, which
determination shall be conclusive.

     4.  PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE.
         --------------------------

         a. Method of Payment.  Payment of the purchase price for shares
purchase upon exercise of this option shall be made by delivery of cash or check
in an amount equal to the exercise price of such options or, with the prior
consent of the Company (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), by
(A) delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the Optionee for at least six
months, valued at their fair market value, as determined pursuant to (b) below,
(B) delivery of a promissory note of the Optionee to the Company on terms
determined by the Board, (C) delivery of an irrevocable undertaking by a broker
to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price or
delivery of irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver promptly to the
Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price, (D) payment of
such other lawful consideration as the Board may determine, or (E) any
combination of the foregoing.

         b. Valuation of Shares or Other Non-Cash Consideration Tendered in
Payment of Purchase Price.     For the purchase hereof, the fair market value of
any share of the Company's Common Stock or other non-cash consideration which
may be delivered to the Company in exercise of this option shall be determined
in good faith or in the manner determined by the Board of Directors of the
Company from time to time.

         c. Delivery of Shares Tendered in Payment of Purchase Price.  If  the
            ---------------------------------------------------------
Optionee exercises this option by delivery of shares of Common Stock of the
Company, the certificate or certificates representing the shares of Common Stock
of the Company to be delivered shall be duly executed in blank by the Optionee
or shall be accompanies by a stock power duly executed in blank suitable for
purposes of transferring such shares to the Company. Fractional shares of Common
Stock of the Company will not be accepted in payment of the purchase price of
shares acquired upon exercise of this option.

         d. Restrictions on Use of Option Stock.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no shares of Common Stock of the Company may be tendered in payment of the
purchase price of shares purchased upon exercise of this option is the shares to
be so tendered were acquired within six months before the date of such tender.

                                     Page 3
<PAGE>

     5.  DELIVERY OF SHARES; COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAWS, ETC.
         ---------------------------------------------------------

         a. General.  The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of
Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove restriction from shares previously
delivered under the Plan (i) until all conditions of the option have been
satisfied or removed, (ii) until, in the opinion of the Company's counsel, all
applicable federal and state laws and regulations have been complied with,
(iii) if the outstanding Stock is at the time listed on any stock exchange,
until the shares to be delivered have been listed or authorized to be listed on
such exchange upon official notice of notice of issuance, and (iv) until all
other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares
have been approved by the Company's counsel.

         b. Listing, Qualification, etc.  This option shall be subject to the
requirements that if, at any time, counsel to the Company shall determine that
the listing, registration or qualification of the shares subject hereto upon any
securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent of
approval of any governmental or regulatory body, or that the disclosure of non-
public information or the satisfaction of any other condition is necessary as a
condition of, or in connection with, the issuance or purchase of shares
hereunder, this option may not be exercised, in whole or in part, unless such
listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval, disclosure or
satisfaction of such other condition shall have been effected or obtained on
terms acceptable to the Board of Directors.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to
require the Company to apply for, effect or obtain such listing, registration,
qualification or disclosure, or to satisfy such other condition.

     6.  NON TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION.  This option is personal and no rights
granted hereunder may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any
way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) nor shall any such rights be
subject to execution, attachment or similar process, except that this option may
be transferred (i) by will or the laws of descent and distribution or (ii)
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in Section 414 (p)
of the Code.  Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of this option or of such rights contrary to the provisions
hereof, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar process upon this option
or such rights, this option and such rights shall, at the election of the
Company, become null and void.

     7.  NO SPECIAL EMPLOYMENT OR SIMILAR RIGHTS.    Nothing contained in the
Plan or this Option shall be construed or deemed by any person under any
circumstances to bind the Company to continue the employment or other
relationship of the Optionee with the Company for the period within which this
option may be exercised.  The Company expressly reserves the right at any time
to dismiss the Optionee free from any liability or claim under the Plan, except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement.

     8.  RIGHTS AS A SHAREHOLDER.    The Optionee shall have no rights as a
shareholder with respect to any shares which may be purchased by exercise of
this option (including, without limitation, any rights to receive dividends or
non-cash distributions with respect to such shares) unless and until a
certificate representing such shares is duly issued and delivered to the
Optionee.  No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which
the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued.

     9.  ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS.      In the event that the Board, in its sole
discretion, determines that any stock dividend, extraordinary cash dividend,
recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off,
combination or other similar transaction affects the Common Stock such that an
adjustment is required in order to preserve the benefits or potential benefits
intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Board shall equitably
adjust

                                     Page 4
<PAGE>

either or both (i) the number and kind of shares subject to this option, and
(iii) the award, exercise or conversion price with respect to the foregoing, and
if considered appropriate, the Board may make provision for a cash payment with
respect to this option, provided that the number of shares subject to this
option shall always be a whole number.

     10. MERGERS, CONSOLIDATION, DISTRIBUTIONS, LIQUIDATIONS, ETC.  In the event
of a consolidation, merger or other reorganization in which all of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock are exchanged for securities, cash or other
property of any other corporation or business entity (as "Acquisition") or in
the event of a liquidation of the Company, the Board of Directors of the
Company, of the board of directors of any corporation assuming the obligations
of the Company, may, in its discretion, take any one or more of the following
actions as to this option:  (i)  provide that this option shall be assumed, or a
substantially equivalent option shall be substituted, by the acquiring or
succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) on such terms as the Board
determines to be appropriate, (ii) upon written notice to the Optionee, provide
that if unexercised, this option will terminate immediately prior to the
consummation of such transaction unless exercised by the Optionee within a
specified period following the date of such notice, (iii) in the event of an
Acquisition under the terms of which holders of the Common Stock of the Company
will receive upon consummation thereof a cash payment for each share surrendered
in the Acquisition (the "Acquisition Price"), make or provide for a cash payment
to the Optionee equal to the difference between (A) the Acquisition Price times
the number of shares of Common Stock subject to outstanding options (to the
extent then exercisable at prices not in excess of the Acquisition Price) and
(B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding options in exchange for
the termination of such options, and (iv) provide that all or any outstanding
options shall become exercisable or realizable in full prior to the effective
date of such Acquisition.

     11. WITHHOLDING TAXES.          The Company's obligation to deliver shares
upon the exercise of this option shall be subject to the Optionee's satisfaction
of all applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding
requirements.  The Optionee shall pay to the Company, or make provision
satisfactory to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by law to be
withheld in respect of options under the Plan no later than the date of the
event creating the tax liability.  In the Board's discretion, and subject to
such conditions as the Board may establish, such tax obligations may be paid in
whole or in part in shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from the
option creating the tax obligation, valued at their fair market value.  The
Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax obligations
from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Optionee.

     12. MISCELLANEOUS.
         --------------

     (a) The Board may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding option,
including substituting therefor another option of the same or a different type,
changing the date of exercise or realization, provided that the Optionee's
consent to such action shall be required unless the Board determines that the
action, taking into account any related action, would not materially and
adversely affect the Optionee.  The Board may at any time accelerate the time at
which all or any part of an Option may be exercised.

     b)  All notices under this option shall be mailed or delivered by hand to
the parties at their respective addresses set forth beneath their names below or
at such other address as may be designated in writing by either of the parties
to one another.

                                     Page 5
<PAGE>

     (c) This option shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.



                           EPRESENCE, INC.



                           BY:
                               ------------------------------------------------
                                      Richard M. Spaulding
                           Title:     Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

                           Address:   120 Flanders Road
                                      Westboro, Massachusetts  01581

                                     Page 6
<PAGE>

                             OPTIONEE'S ACCEPTANCE


The undersigned hereby accepts the foregoing option and agrees to the terms and
conditions thereof.  The undersigned  hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of
the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan.



                                    OPTIONEE


                                    ___________________________________


                                    Address:  _________________________

                                              _________________________

                                     Page 7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6C
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dex106c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT BETWEEN REGISTRANT AND WILLIAM FERRY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.6C

                                AMENDMENT NO. 4
                            TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


    This Amendment No. 4 to Employment Agreement, made as of the 4th day of
February, 1997, as amended on June 13, 1997, October 16, 1998 and December 8,
1999 (the "Agreement") between ePresence, Inc. (formerly Banyan Systems
Incorporated), a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), and William P. Ferry
(the "Employee"), is effective as of the 16th day of November, 2000.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the
respective meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.

1.  The parties hereto agree that the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

    (a)  Section 3.1 of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and the
         following shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

         "Effective January 1, 2001, the Company shall pay the Employee, in bi-
         weekly installments, a minimum annual base salary of Five Hundred
         Fifty Thousand Dollars ($550,000) per year.  Such base salary shall be
         subject to adjustment from time to time (but, with respect to any
         adjustment to be made applicable to an upcoming calendar year, such
         adjustment shall not be made later than October of the year prior to
         such upcoming year), as determined by the Compensation Committee of
         the Board of Directors of the Company (the  "Compensation
         Committee")."

    (b)  Section 3.2 (a) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and
         the following shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

         "The Employee shall be eligible to receive a minimum bonus ("target
         bonus") of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($350,000) following
         the end of each calendar year beginning with 2001, based on the
         achievement of performance objectives (based primarily on revenue,
         operating profit and cash flow objectives or other mutually agreeable
         objectives) to be mutually agreed upon by the Employee and the
         Compensation Committee. Such target bonus shall be subject to
         adjustment from time to time (but, with respect to any adjustment to be
         made applicable to an upcoming calendar year, such adjustment shall not
         be made later than October of the year prior to such upcoming year), as
         determined by the Compensation Committee. One Hundred Twenty Thousand
         Dollars ($120,000) of the target bonus shall be paid to the Employee as
         a non-recoverable advance against such bonus in quarterly installments
         of Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000) in each of March, June, September
         and December. The balance of the target bonus for each year, if any,
         shall be paid at the conclusion of the audit for such year (typically
         within sixty (60) days after the end of the year). The Compensation
         Committee may, in its discretion, award and pay a bonus in addition to
         the target bonus."
<PAGE>

     (c)  Section 3.4 as of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety,
          including the title thereof, and the following shall be inserted in
          lieu thereof:

          "Outstanding Loans.   Any outstanding loans to the Employee from the
          Company for the purpose of satisfying the Employee's federal and state
          tax obligations incurred by the Employee with respect to the issuance,
          vesting or exercise of stock options  or restricted shares,  shall be
          consolidated into one loan.  Such consolidated loan, and all future
          loans to the Employee by the Company for the foregoing stated purpose,
          shall bear simple interest at the applicable federal rate and shall be
          due and payable 90 days after the Employee's termination date, unless
          the Employee is terminated pursuant to a Change in Control (as defined
          in Section 8(a) of the Agreement), in which case such loan shall be
          due and payable in full 180 days after the Employee's termination
          date."

     (d)  Section 5(a) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and the
          following shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

          "Termination Without Cause by the Company.  The Company may terminate
          this Agreement at any time and without cause by giving 60 days written
          notice to Employee.

               i.   In the event the Company terminates this Agreement pursuant
               to this Section 5(a), the Company shall pay to the Employee an
               amount equal to the sum of (1) two times his annual base salary,
               and (2)  two times his  target bonus, assuming 100% achievement
               of the performance objectives established for such bonus.

               ii.  Fifty percent (50%) of the total amount due for a
               termination under this Section 5(a) shall be paid by the Company
               to the Employee in a lump sum payment upon termination, and the
               balance shall be paid by the Company to the Employee in twelve
               equal monthly installments on the first day of each calendar
               month following the month of termination.

               iii. In the event the Company terminates this Agreement pursuant
               to this section, the Company shall continue to provide to the
               Employee (1) the benefits set forth in Section 3.5 of the
               Employment Agreement, as amended by Section 7 of Amendment No. 2
               to the Employment Agreement, for a period of two years following
               termination, on substantially the same terms as in effect
               immediately prior to such termination, (2) option vesting
               continuation for a period of 1year after termination, and (3)
               with respect to the Company's right to repurchase any unvested
               restricted shares sold to the employee on December 21, 2000 under
               that certain Restricted Stock Agreement providing for vesting
               beginning on April 15, 2001 and ending on October 15, 2002,
               deemed continued employment for a period of 1 year after
               termination."

     (e)  The final paragraph of Section 5(d) of the Agreement shall be deleted
          in its entirety and the following shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

                                       2
<PAGE>

          "If Employee terminates his employment pursuant to this section (d),
          he will be entitled to the same compensation, benefits and vesting
          continuation he would receive upon termination without cause by the
          Company under Section 5(a) above."

     (f)  Section 3.3(b) shall be deleted in its entirety.

     (g)  Section 6 of Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement shall be deleted
          in its entirety.

     (h)  Section 8(b) shall hereby be inserted:

          "Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control:

               i.    Any unvested stock options granted to the Employee shall
               become vested and exercisable as to one hundred percent (100%) of
               the number of shares covered thereby that would not otherwise
               then be vested and exercisable;

               ii.   Each outstanding restricted stock award shall be deemed to
               be fully vested and no longer subject to a right of repurchase by
               the Company;

               iii.  Subject to Sub-Section iv hereof, the Company shall pay the
               Employee the payment described in this Section (the "Severance
               Payment").  In lieu of any further salary payments to the
               Employee for periods subsequent to the occurrence of a Change in
               Control and in lieu of any severance benefit otherwise payable to
               the Employee, the Company shall pay to the Employee a lump sum
               severance payment, in cash, equal to the sum of 2.99 times his
               annual base salary and 2.99 times his target bonus at 100%
               performance.

               iv.   In the event that the Employee's Total Payments (not
               including the Gross-Up Payment), as hereinafter defined, are
               subject in whole or in part to the excise tax imposed under
               Section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then the Company
               shall pay to the Employee an additional amount (the "Gross-Up
               Payment") such that the net amount retained by the Employee after
               payment of any Excise Tax on the Total Payments and any federal,
               state and local income taxes on the Gross-Up Payment equals the
               Total Payments, (not including the Gross-Up Payment).

               v.    For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which
               the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (1) no
               portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which
               the Employee shall have effectively waived in writing prior to
               the occurrence of a Change in Control  shall be taken into
               account, (2) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into
               account which in the opinion of tax counsel selected by the
               Company does not constitute a "parachute payment" within the

                                       3
<PAGE>

               meaning of Section 280G(b) (2) of the Code, (including by reason
               of Section 280G(b) (4) (A) of the Code) and, in calculating the
               Excise Tax, no portion of such Total Payments shall be taken into
               account which constitutes reasonable compensation for services
               actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b) (4) (B)
               of the Code, in excess of the Base Amount allocable to such
               reasonable compensation, and (3) the value of any non-cash
               benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total
               Payments shall be determined by the Company in accordance with
               the principles of Sections 280G(d) (3) and (4) of the Code.

               vi.   For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up
               Payment, the Employee shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes
               at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation in the
               calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and
               state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of
               taxation in the state and locality of the Employee's residence on
               the Date of Termination.

               vii.  For purposes of this Agreement, "Total Payments" means any
               payment or benefit received or to be received by the Employee in
               connection with a Change in Control or the termination of the
               Employee's employment, whether pursuant to the terms of this
               Agreement or any other plan, arrangement, or agreement with (1)
               the Company, (2) any person whose actions result in a Change in
               Control, or (3) any person affiliated with the Company or the
               person whose actions resulted in a Change in Control. Total
               Payments includes, but is not limited to the Severance Payment
               and the Gross-Up Payment.

               viii. For the purpose of this Agreement, "Base Amount" shall have
               the meaning defined in section 280G(b)(3) of the Code.

               ix.   The Severance Payment and the Gross-Up Payment, if any,
               shall be made not later than the fifth day following  a Change in
               Control, provided, however, that if the amount of such payments
               cannot be finally determined on or before such day, the Company
               shall pay to the Employee on such day an estimate, as determined
               in good faith by the Company, of the minimum amount of such
               payments to which the Employee is clearly entitled.  In the event
               that the Excise Tax is subsequently determined to be less than
               the amount taken into account in originally computing the Gross-
               Up Payment, the Employee shall repay to the Company at the time
               that the amount of such reduction in Excise Tax is finally
               determined the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to
               such reduction (plus the portion of the Gross-Up Payment
               attributable to the Excise Tax imposed on the Gross-Up Payment
               being repaid by the Employee if such repayment results in a
               reduction in Excise Tax).  In the event that the Excise Tax is
               determined to exceed the amount taken into account in originally
               computing the Gross-Up Payment (including any increase as the
               results of any payment which cannot be determined, or did not
               exist, at the time of the original computation), the Company
               shall recalculate the Gross-Up

                                       4
<PAGE>

               Payment and pay the additional amount to the Employee at the time
               that such additional amount in finally determined.

               x.    Prior to the payment date set forth in Sub-Section ix, the
               Company shall provide the Employee with the Company's calculation
               of the Total Payments and the Gross-Up Payments, if any, and such
               supporting materials as are reasonably necessary for the Employee
               to evaluate the Company's calculations, including, without
               limitation, any opinions or other advice the Company has received
               from outside counsel, auditors or consultants (and any such
               opinions or advice which are in writing shall be attached to the
               statement)."


2.   The parties hereto acknowledge that:

     (a)  on November 16, 2000, the Compensation Committee authorized the
          Company to issue and sell to the Employee 120,000 restricted shares of
          the Company's Common Stock at a price of $.01 per share, and that a
          form of such Restricted Stock Agreement is attached hereto as, and is
          subject to the terms set forth in, Exhibit B; and

     (b)  on  November 16, 2000, the Compensation Committee authorized the
          Company to issue and sell to the Employee 120,000 restricted shares of
          the Company's Common Stock at a price of $.01 per share, and that a
          form of such Restricted Stock Agreement is attached hereto as, and is
          subject to the terms set forth in, Exhibit C.

     (c)  for the avoidance of doubt, that Paragraph 3(g) (regarding exercise
          period upon death or disability) of that certain non-qualified stock
          option granted to the Employee on (i) February 4, 1997 exercisable for
          1,000,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock, and (ii) October 21,
          1999 exercisable for 300,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock
          (collectively, the "1997 and 1999 Options"), is hereby clarified to
          provide that if the Employee dies or becomes disabled during a vesting
          continuation period under Section 5 of the Agreement, with respect to
          only such portion of the 1997 and 1999 Options that become exercisable
          by the Employee during such period, if any, such options shall be
          exercisable by the Employee or by the person to whom such options are
          transferred by will or the laws of descent and distribution for a
          period of one year following the cessation of vesting (but in no event
          after any applicable option expiration date).

     (d)  for the avoidance of doubt, that discharge for "cause" under Paragraph
          3(h) of the 1997 and 1999 Options shall not mean the Employee's death
          or disability.

3.   To the extent any provision of this Amendment is inconsistent with any
provision of the Agreement and/or prior amendments, such provision of the
Agreement is hereby modified and superseded by the terms hereof.  Any term of
the Agreement not so modified or superseded shall remain in full force and
effect.  For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Sections 1(a) and 1(b) of this Amendment supersede in their entirety
Sections 1(a) and 1(b) of Amendment No. 3 to the Agreement, respectively.



     EXECUTED as of the date first set forth above.

                                       5
<PAGE>

                                        COMPANY:

                                        ePRESENCE, INC.


                                        By: s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                            ----------------------------------
                                            Name:   Richard M. Spaulding
                                            Title:  Senior Vice President and
                                                    Chief Financial Officer


                                        EMPLOYEE:

                                        /s/ William P. Ferry
                                        --------------------------------------
                                        William P. Ferry

                                       6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8B
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex108b.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT DATED JULY 22, 1994
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.8B

                                                               120 Flanders Road


                              THIRD LEASE ADDENDUM
                              --------------------

THIS AGREEMENT is made this 22 day of July, 1994 and shall amend that certain
Lease Agreement dated April 21, 1989 (the "Original Lease") between CB
Westborough C Limited Partnership, a Texas Limited Partnership (hereinafter
"Prior Landlord"), and Banyan Systems Incorporated, a Massachusetts corporation
(hereinafter "Tenant"), as amended by a Lease Addendum (the "First Addendum")
dated December 31, 1991 and a Second Lease Addendum (the "Second Addendum")
dated April 1, 1993 (the Original Lease, the First Addendum and the Second
Addendum are hereinafter together referred to as the "Lease").  SKW Limited
Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership is the successor to the Prior
Landlord (hereinafter the "Landlord").

WHEREAS, Tenant currently leases from Landlord approximately 62,274 net rentable
square feet of office/R&D space located at 120 Flanders Road consisting of
45,049 rentable square feet rented purusant to the Original Lease (the "Original
Premises") and 17,225 rentable square feet rented pursuant to the First Addendum
(the "Training Room Premises"), in a building that contains a total of
approximately 79,203 net rentable square feet;

WHEREAS, the Second Addendum granted to Tenant certain rights with respect to
certain space in the Building defined as the Additional Space;

WHEREAS, the Additional Space is now available for rental and Tenant has
expressed a desire to lease such space; and

WHEREAS, Tenant and Landlord agree to amend the Lease as hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and avaluable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree as
follows:

1.  Effective as of October 1, 1994 (the "Effective Date"), the Additional Space
    (as defined in the Second Addendum and shown as Exhibit A attached hereto)
    shall be added to the Premises. Upon the Effective Date, the lease of the
    Additional Space shall be upon all of the terms and conditions of the Lease
    as modified hereby except that (i) Tenant's Proportionate Share as defined
    in the Lease, shall become 100% as of the commencement date of Tenant's
    lease of the Additional Space, and (ii) Base Rent for the Additional Space
    shall be Eighty-Eight Thousand Eight Hundred Seventy-Seven Dollars
    ($88,877.00) per annum payable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments of
    Seven Thousand Four Hundred Six Dollars ($7,406.00) each, such Base Rent to
    be payable on the first day of each and every month. The Additional Space
    shall be delivered to Tenant in broom-clean condition, but otherwise shall
    be delivered "AS IS".
<PAGE>

2.  The provisions of paragraph 3 of the Second Addendum shall be deleted in
    their entirety and are no longer of any force and effect.

3.  Notwithstanding that the commencement date of Tenant's lease of the
    Additional Premises shall be the Effective Date, Tenant shall be entitled to
    access to the Additional Premises on and after August 1, 1994 for all
    purposes relating to construction of tenant improvements and otherwise
    preparing the Additional Space for Tenant's occupancy; provided, however,
    that no occupancy of the Additional Space for Tenant's business purposes
    shall be permitted prior to the Effective Date. With respect to the
    Additional Premises, Tenant shall conform to all requirements of the Lease
    after August 1, 1994 except for the payment of Base Rent and Additional
    Rent, specifically including, without limitation, the obligation to insure
    such premises and conformity to all provisions regarding construction
    therein.

4.  All other terms and conditions of the Lease shall remain in full force and
    effect, except as modified hereby or unless modified in writing by
    authorized representatives of the parties.

Executed as of the date first set forth above by the authorized representative
of the parties.

TENANT                                                    LANDLORD
- ----------------------------------          ------------------------------------
BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED                       SKW LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
Partnership
By: /s/ Stephen M. O'Brien   7/22/94           By: JER SKW Services, Inc.
       --------------------                        General Partner

By: Stephen M. O'Brien                         By: /s/ Timm Wooten
    -----------------------                        ---------------------
    Print Name                                     Timm Wooten

Title: Corporate Purchasing Manager            Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8C
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex108c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 19, 1995
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.8C

                             FOURTH LEASE ADDENDUM
                             ---------------------

     This Fourth Lease Addendum is entered into as of the 19th day of September,
1995 by and between Commonwealth Westborough Limited Partnership, a
Massachusetts limited partnership having an address at c/o J.F. White
Properties, Inc., One Gateway Center, Suite 500, Newton, MA  02158, as Landlord,
and Banyan Systems Incorporated, a Massachusetts corporation having an address
at 120 Flanders Road, Westborough, MA  01581, as Tenant.

     Reference is made to a Lease Agreement dated as of April 21, 1989 by and
between CB Westborough C Limited Partnership, as landlord, and Tenant, as
tenant, as amended by a Lease Addendum dated December 31, 1991, Second Lease
Addendum dated April 1, 1993, and a Third Lease Addendum dated July 22, 1994
(collectively referred to as the Lease).

     The Landlord is successor in interest to the interest of CB Westborough C
Limited Partnership as landlord under the Lease.

     Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease.

     NOW, THEREFORE, for one dollar and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree
as follows:

1.  The term of the Lease is extended through and including September 30, 2005.

2.  The Premises includes the Original Premises, the Training Premises and the
Additional Space, or approximately 79,203 rentable square feet, and constitutes
all the rentable square feet in the building known as and numbered 120 Flanders
Road, Westborough, Massachusetts.

3.  Effective as of October 1, 1995, the Base Rent for the Premises shall be
Four Hundred Twenty-Three Thousand Seven Hundred Forty-Four and no/100
($423,744.00) per annum payable in twelve equal monthly installments of Thirty-
Five Thousand Three Hundred Twelve and no/100 Dollars ($35,312.00).

4.  Paragraph 3 of the Second Lease Addendum was deleted in the Third Lease
Addendum.

5.  Paragraph 4 of the Second Lease Addendum is deleted in its entirety and is
of no force or effect.

6.  All other terms and conditions of the Lease shall remain in full force and
effect, except as modified by this Addendum.
<PAGE>

     Executed under seal as of the date first set forth above by the authorized
representatives of the parties.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                 <C>
BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED                        COMMONWEALTH WESTBOROUGH LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

By: /s/ Jeffrey D. Glidden                         By: J.F. White Properties, Inc., general
- ----------------------------                       partner
Jeffrey D. Glidden, Vice President and CFO

                                                   By: /s/ James A. Magliozzi
                                                   -------------------------------
                                                   James A. Magliozzi, President

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10A
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex1010a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMEND. NO 1 TO SECURITIES ISSUANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.10A


                             AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE
                       TO SECURITIES ISSUANCE AGREEMENT
                       --------------------------------

          This AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE TO SECURITIES ISSUANCE AGREEMENT (the
"Amendment") is entered into as of January 29, 1999, between FOOTHILL CAPITAL
CORPORATION, a California corporation ("Foothill"), with a place of business
located at 11111 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 1500, Los Angeles, California
90025-3333, and BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED, a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company") with its chief executive office located at 120 Flanders Road,
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581.

                                   Recitals
                                   --------

A.  Foothill and the Company have entered into that certain Loan and Security
    Agreement, dated as of September 4, 1997, (as amended, restated
    supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Loan
    Agreement");

B.  Foothill and the Company have entered into that certain Securities Issuance
    Agreement, dated as of September 4, 1997 (as amended, restated supplemented,
    or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Agreement");

C.  Foothill and the Company desire to amend the Agreement as set forth in this
    Amendment; and

D.  All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
    ascribed to them in the Agreement.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

1.  Amendments to the Agreement.
    ---------------------------

          Section 2 of the Agreement hereby is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows, effective as of September 3, 1998:

2.  Issuance of Warrants.
    --------------------

a.  On September 4, 1997, the Company issued to Foothill a warrant to purchase
Seventy Five Thousand (75,000) shares of Common Stock (as adjusted from time to
time pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the 1997 Warrant Shares") at an exercise
price of $2.28 125 per share.

                                       1
<PAGE>

b.  As of September 4, 1998, the Company has issued to Foothill a warrant to
purchase Fifty Thousand (50,000) shares of Common Stock (as adjusted from time
to time pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the " 1998 Warrant Shares") at a per share
exercise price equal to the average of the closing sale prices of a share of the
Common Stock on the last twenty (20) trading days prior to September 4, 1998,
reported on NASDAQ (as defined in Section 3(g) hereof), as reported in The Wall
Street Journal.

c.  On September 4, 1999, the Company shall issue to Foothill a warrant to
purchase Twenty-Five Thousand (25,000) shares of Common Stock (as adjusted from
time to time pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the " 1999 Warrant Shares") at a per
share exercise price equal to the average of the closing prices of a share of
the Common Stock of the Company on the last twenty (20) trading days prior to
September 4, 1999, reported on the Exchange (as defined in Section 3(g) hereof)
on which the Common Stock of the Company is then traded, as reported in The Wall
Street Journal, or if such Common Stock is not then traded on such an Exchange,
the fair market value (as defined in Section 3(g) hereof) of a share of the
Common Stock of the Company as of September 4, 1999, determined in accordance
with Section 3(g) hereof, treating September 4, 1999, as the "Determination
Date" for purposes of such determination.

          The 1997 Warrant Shares, the 1998 Warrant Shares, the 1999 Warrant
Shares, each as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 3 herein, shall
be referred to, collectively, as "Warrant Shares" or "Shares". In each case
above, such exercise price may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section
3 hereof, (the "Warrant Price"), and such warrant shall be in the form of
Exhibit W-1 attached hereto and made a part hereof (each, a "Warrant" and
collectively, the "Warrants"). Any provisions to the contrary in this Section 2
notwithstanding, the Company is under no obligation to issue Warrants
exercisable for more than an aggregate of 150,000 Shares, as such number may be
adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 3 hereof, pursuant to Warrants to
be issued on the date hereof and such other dates as above stated.

3.  Representations and Warranties.
    ------------------------------

          The Company hereby represents and warrants to Foothill that (a) the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment is within its corporate
powers, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and is not
in any material respect in contravention of any law, rule, or regulation, or any
order, judgment, decree, writ, injunction, or award of any arbitrator, court, or
governmental authority, or of the terms of its charter or bylaws, or of any
contract or undertaking to which it is a party or by which any of its properties
may be bound or affected, and (b) this Amendment constitutes the Company's valid
and binding obligation, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms.

                                       2
<PAGE>

4.  Conditions Precedent to the Effectiveness of this Amendment.
    -------------------------------------------------------------

          The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the fulfillment, to
the satisfaction of Foothill and its counsel, of each of the following
conditions:

a.  Foothill shall have received a certificate from the Assistant Clerk of the
Company attesting to the incumbency and signatures of authorized officers of the
Company; and

b.  No injunction, writ, restraining order, or other order of any nature
prohibiting, directly or indirectly, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein shall have been issued and remain in force by any
governmental authority against the Company, Foothill, or any of their
Affiliates.

5.  Effect on Agreement.
    ---------------------

          The Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be and remain in full force
and effect in accordance with its respective terms and hereby is ratified and
confirmed in such respects. The execution, delivery, and performance of this
Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of or, except as expressly set forth
herein, as an amendment, of any right, power, or remedy of Foothill under the
Agreement, as in effect prior to the date hereof.

6.  Miscellaneous.
    --------------

a.    Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Agreement
to "this Agreement," "hereunder," "herein," "hereof," or words of like import
referring to the Agreement shall mean and refer to the Securities Issuance
Agreement referred to in Recital B to this Amendment as modified and amended by
this Amendment.

b.    This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

c.    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the
parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart.

               [Signature page to follow.]

                                       3
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to
be duly executed as of the date first written above.


                         FOOTHILL CAPITAL CORPORATION,

                         a California corporation


                         By    /s/ Erik R. Sawyer
                            ----------------------------------


                         Title    Vice President
                               -------------------------------


                         BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED,
                         a Massachusetts corporation


                         By    /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                            -----------------------------------

                         Title    V.P. & CFO
                               ------------------------------

                                       4
<PAGE>

     THIS WARRANT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
     1933, AS AMENDED OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO SALE OR DISPOSITION
     MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT (i) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
     RELATED THERETO, (ii) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER,
     REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
     REQUIRED, (iii) RECEIPT OF A NO-ACTION LETTER(S) FROM THE APPROPRIATE
     GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY(IES), OR (iv) OTHERWISE COMPLYING WITH THE
     PROVISIONS OF SECTION 7 OF THIS WARRANT.



                          BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
                          ---------------------------


                  WARRANT TO PURCHASE 50,000 SHARES (subject
                to adjustment) OF COMMON STOCK (this "Warrant")

          BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED, a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), hereby certifies that, for value received, Foothill Capital
Corporation, a California corporation ("Foothill"), or registered assigns, is
the registered holder of warrants (the "Warrants") to subscribe for and purchase
Fifty Thousand (50,000) shares of the fully paid and nonassessable Common Stock
(as adjusted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the `Shares") of the Company, at the
price of $5.0296875, or as adjusted under the Securities Issuance Agreement (as
defined below) per share (such price and such other price as shall result, from
time to time, from the adjustments specified in Section 4 hereof is herein
referred to as the "Warrant Price"), subject to the provisions and upon the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. As used herein, (a) the term "Common
Stock' shall mean the Company's presently authorized Common Stock, $.01 par
value per share, and any stock into or for which such Common Stock may hereafter
be converted or exchanged, and (b) the term "Other Warrants" shall mean any
warrant issued upon transfer or partial exercise of this Warrant. The term
"Warrant" as used herein shall be deemed to include Other Warrants unless the
context hereof or thereof clearly requires otherwise. This Warrant is issued
pursuant to that certain Securities Issuance Agreement dated as of September 4,
1997 (as amended from time to time, the "Securities Issuance Agreement') between
the Company and Foothill, and this Warrant or the holder hereof is entitled to
the benefits and subject to the terms and conditions stated therein.

1.  Term.  The purchase right represented by this Warrant is exercisable, in
whole or in part, at any time and from time to time--from the date of issuance
of this Warrant (the "Date of Grant") through September 4, 2008.

2.  Method of Exercise, Payment--, Issuance-- of New Warrant.  Subject to
Section 1 hereof, the purchase right represented by this Warrant may be
exercised by the holder hereof, in whole or in part and from time to time, by
the surrender of this Warrant (with the notice of exercise form attached hereto
as Exhibit A duly executed) at the principal office of the Company and by the
payment to the Company of an amount equal

                                       5
<PAGE>

to the then applicable Warrant Price multiplied by the number of Shares then
being purchased (in same-day funds, by certified bank check or wire transfer).
The person or persons in whose name(s) any certificate(s) representing shares of
Common Stock shall be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to
have become the holder(s) of record of, and shall be treated for all purposes as
the record holder(s) of, the shares represented thereby (and such shares shall
be deemed to have been issued) immediately prior to the close of business on the
date or dates upon which this Warrant is exercised. In the event of any exercise
of the rights represented by this Warrant, certificates for die shares of stock
so purchased shall be delivered to the holder hereof as soon as possible and in
any event within thirty (30) days after such exercise (upon payment of any
transfer tax required by law to be paid by the holder of this Warrant) and,
unless this Warrant has been fully exercised or expired, a new Warrant
representing the portion of the Shares, if any, with respect to which this
Warrant shall not then have been exercised shall also be issued to the holder
hereof as soon as possible and in any event within such thirty (30) day period.

3.  Stock Fully-Paid: Reservation of Shares.  All Shares that may be issued upon
the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance
pursuant to the terms and conditions herein, be fully paid and nonassessable,
and free from all taxes, liens, charges, and pre-emptive rights with respect to
the issue thereof.  The Company shall pay all transfer taxes, if any,
attributable to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants (other
than those required by law to be paid by the holder of this Warrant). During the
period within which the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised, the
Company will at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of the
issue upon exercise of the purchase right]s evidenced by this Warrant, a
sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock to provide for the exercise of
the rights represented by this Warrant.

4.  Adjustment of Warrant Price and Number of Shares. The number and kind of
securities purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant and the Warrant Price
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain
events, as follows;

a.  Reclassification or Merger.  In case of any reclassification, change or
conversion of securities of the class issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
(other than a change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no
par value to par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination), or in
case of any merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a
merger with another corporation in which the Company is the acquiring and the
surviving corporation and which does not result in any reclassification or
change of outstanding securities issuable upon

                                       6
<PAGE>

exercise of this Warrant) (a "Merger"), or in case of any sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company (an `Asset Sale"), the Company,
or such successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, shall duly
execute and deliver to the holder of this Warrant a new Warrant (in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the holder of this Warrant), so that the
holder of this Warrant shall have the right to receive, at a total purchase
price not to exceed that payable upon the exercise of the unexercised portion of
this Warrant, and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock theretofore issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock, other
securities, money and property receivable upon such reclassification, change or
merger by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock then purchasable
under this Warrant. Such new Warrant shall provide for adjustments that shall be
as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in
this Section 4. The provisions of this subparagraph (a) shall similarly apply to
successive reclassifications. changes, mergers and transfers. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, at the option of the Company, the holder hereof shall exercise
(or, in the sole discretion of the holder hereof, surrender) this Warrant upon
any Merger or Asset Sale which is entered into by the Company with an unrelated
third party on an arm's length basis.

b.  Subdivision or Combination of Shares.  If the Company at any time while
this Warrant remains outstanding and unexpired shall subdivide or combine its
outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Warrant Price shall be proportionately
decreased in the case of a subdivision or increased in the case of a
combination, effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or
combination becomes effective.

c.  Stock Dividends and Other Distributions. If the Company at any time while
this Warrant is outstanding and unexpired shall (i) pay a dividend with respect
to Common Stock payable in Common Stock, or ii) make any other distribution with
respect to Common Stock (except any distribution specifically provided for in
the foregoing sub-paragraphs (a) and (b)) of Common Stock, then the Warrant
Price shall be adjusted, from and after the date of determination of
shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, to that price
determined by multiplying the Warrant Price in effect immediately prior to `such
date of determination by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the
total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such
dividend or distribution, mid (ii) the denominator of which shall be the total
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such dividend or
distribution.

d.  Special Distributions.  In case the Company shall fix a record date for the
making of a distribution to all holders of shares of Common Stock (including any
such distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which
the Company is the surviving corporation) or evidences of indebtedness or assets
(other than dividends and distributions referred to in subparagraphs (b) and (c)
above and other than cash dividends) or of subscription rights, options,
warrants, or exchangeable or convertible securities containing the right to
subscribe for or purchase shares of any class of equity securities of the
Company, the Warrant Price to be in effect on and after such record date shall
be adjusted by multiplying the Warrant Price in effect immediately prior to such
record date by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the fair market
value per share of Common Stock on such record date, less the fair value (as
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith as set forth
in a duly adopted board resolution certified by the Company's Clerk or Assistant
Clerk) of the portion of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be
distributed or of such subscription rights, options, warrants, or exchangeable
or convertible securities applicable to one (1) share of the Common Stock
outstanding as of such record date, and (ii) the denominator of which

                                       7
<PAGE>

shall be such fair market value per share of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall
be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that
such distribution is not so made, the Warrant Price shall again be adjusted to
be the Warrant Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not
been fixed, but such subsequent adjustment shall not affect the number of Shares
issued upon any exercise of Warrants prior to the date such subsequent
adjustment was made.

e.  Other Issuances of Securities.  In case the Company or any subsidiary shall
issue shares of Common Stock, or rights, options, warrants or convertible or
exchangeable securities containing the right to subscribe for or purchase shares
of Common. Stock (excluding (i) shares, rights, options, warrants, or
convertible or exchangeable securities described in subparagraphs (f) or (g) of
Section 8 of the Securities Issuance Agreement or issued in any of the
transactions described in subparagraphs (b), (c) or (d) above, (ii) shares
issued upon the exercise of such rights, options or warrants or upon conversion
or exchange of such convertible or exchangeable, securities, (iii) the Warrants
and any shares issued upon exercise thereof, (iv) shares of Common Stock, or
other securities convertible or exercisable therefor, issued to employees,
directors, consultants or advisors to the Company (for serving in such
capacities) under any plan or agreement, provided that the annual aggregate of
such shares or other securities issued at below fair market value does not
exceed 500,000 shares of Common Stock, on a fully converted and exercised basis
(it being understood that the limitation contained in this proviso does not
apply to shares or other securities issued at or above fair market value), and
(y) shares of Common Stock, or other securities convertible into or
exchangeable, or exercisable therefor, issued to employees, directors,
consultants, or advisors to the Company upon the exercise of any right, option,
warrant, or conversion or exchange feature of any security, to the extent that
such right, option, warrant, or convertible or exchangeable security was issued
prior to September 4, 1997 to any such employee, director, consultant, or
advisor (for serving in any such capacity) under any plan or agreement that
existed prior to September 4, 1997), at a price per share of Common Stock
(determined in the case of such rights, options, warrants, or convertible or
exchangeable securities by dividing (x) the total amount receivable by the
Company in consideration of the sale and issuance of such rights, options,
warrants, or convertible or exchangeable securities, plus the total minimum
consideration payable to the Company upon exercise, conversion, or exchange
thereof by (y) the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock covered by
such rights, options, warrants, or convertible or exchangeable securities) lower
than the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the date the Company
fixes the offering price of such shares, rights, options, warrants, or
convertible or exchangeable securities, then the Warrant Price shall be adjusted
so that it shall equal the price determined by multiplying the Warrant Price in
effect immediately prior thereto by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall
be the sum of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to such sale and issuance plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock
which the aggregate. consideration. received (determined as provided below) for
such sale or issuance would purchase at such fair market value per share, and
(ii) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common.
Stock outstanding immediately after such sale and issuance. Such adjustment
shall be made successively whenever such an issuance is made. For the purposes
of such adjustment, the maximum number of shares of Common,

                                       8
<PAGE>

Stock which the holder of any such rights, options, warrants or convertible or
exchangeable securities shall be entitled to subscribe for or purchase shall be
deemed to be issued and outstanding as of the date of such sale and issuance and
the consideration received by the Company therefor shall be deemed to be the
aggregate consideration received by the Company for such rights, options,
warrants, or convertible or exchangeable securities, plus the minimum aggregate
consideration or premium stated in such rights, options, warrants, or
convertible or exchangeable securities to be paid for the shares of Common Stock
covered thereby (without regard to any provision contained therein for a
subsequent adjustment of such consideration or premium). In case the Company
shall sell and issue shares of Common Stock, or rights, options, warrants, or
convertible or exchangeable securities containing the right to subscribe for or
purchase shares of Common Stock for a consideration consisting, in whole or in
part, of property other than cash or its equivalent, then in determining the
price per share of Common Stock and the consideration received by the Company
for purposes of the first sentence, of this subparagraph (e), the 13oard of
Directors of the Company shall determine, in good faith, the fair value of said
property, and such determination shall be described in a duly adopted board
resolution certified by the Company's Clerk or Assistant Clerk. In case the
Company shall sell and issue rights, options, warrants, or convertible or
exchangeable securities containing the right to subscribe for or purchase shares
of Common Stock together with one or more other securities as a part of a unit
at a price per unit, then in determining the price per share of Common Stock and
the consideration received by the Company for purposes of the first sentence of
this subparagraph (e), the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine, in
good faith, which determination shall be described in a duly adopted board
resolution certified by the Company's Clerk or Assistant Clerk, the fair value.
of the rights, options, warrants, or convertible or exchangeable securities then
being sold as part of such unit. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever such an issuance occurs, and in the event that such rights, options,
warrants, or convertible or exchangeable securities expire or cease to be
convertible or exchangeable before they are exercised, converted, or exchanged
(as the case may be), then the Warrant Price shall again be adjusted to the
Warrant Price that would then be in effect if such sale and issuance had not
occurred, but such subsequent adjustment shall not affect the number of Shares
issued upon any exercise of Warrants prior to the date such subsequent
adjustment is made.

f.  Adjustment of Number of Shares.  Upon each adjustment in the Warrant Price,
the number of Shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted, to
the nearest whole share, to the product obtained by multiplying the number of
Shares purchasable immediately prior to such adjustment in the Warrant Price by
a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Warrant Price immediately prior
to such adjustment and the denominator of which shall be the Warrant Price
immediately thereafter; provided that any adjustments pursuant to Section 4(a)
shall be made in accordance with the terms of such Section rather than the terms
of this Section 4(f).

g.  Determination of Fair Market Value. For purposes of this Section 4, "fair
market value" of a share of Common Stock as of a particular date (the
"Determination Date") shall mean (i) if shares of Common Stock are traded on a
national securities exchange (an "Exchange"), the average of the closing prices
of a share of the

                                       9
<PAGE>

Common Stock of the Company on the last twenty (20) trading days prior to the
Determination Date reported on such Exchange as reported in The Wall Street
Journal; or (ii) if shares of Common Stock are not traded on an Exchange but
trade in the over-the-counter market and such shares are quoted on the Nasdaq
National Market System or the NASDAQ Small-Cap Market (either, "NASDAQ"), (A)
the average of the last sale prices reported on NASDAQ or (B) if such shares are
an issue for which last sale prices are not reported on NASDAQ, the average of
the closing bid and ask prices, in each case on the last twenty (20) trading
days (or if the relevant price or quotation did not exist on any of such days,
the relevant price or quotation on the next preceding business day on which
there was such a price or quotation) prior to the Determination Date as reported
in The Wall Street Journal; or (iii) if no price can be determined on the basis
of the above methods of valuation, then the judgment of valuation shall be
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, which
determination shall be described in a duly adopted board resolution certified by
the Company's Clerk or Assistant Clerk; provided, however, that solely for the
purpose of determining whether a below "air market value" issuance has occurred
that could result in adjustments to the Warrant Price pursuant to Section4(e)
(and expressly not with respect to calculating the adjustments as could result
therefrom), such fair market value shall be the lesser of (x) the fair market
value determined in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, and (y) the fair
market value as would be determined in accordance with the foregoing paragraph
if a standard of one (1) trading day rather than the average of twenty (20)
trading days were the basis for the calculations therein.

5.  Notice of Adjustments.  Whenever the Warrant Price or the number of Shares
purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 4 hereof, the
Company shall make a certificate signed by its chief financial officer setting
forth, in reasonable detail, the event requiring the adjustment, the amount of
the adjustment, the method by which such adjustment was calculated, and the
Warrant Price and the number of Shares purchasable hereunder after giving effect
to such adjustment, which shall be mailed (without regard to Section 13 hereof,
by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the holder of this Warrant.

6.  Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued in
connection with any exercise hereunder, but in lieu of such fractional shares
the Company shall make a cash payment therefor based on the fair market value
(as determined in accordance with Section 4(g) above) of a share of Common Stock
on the date of exercise.

7.  Compliance with Securities Act, Disposition of Warrant or Shares of Common
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock.
- -----

a.  Compliance with Securities Act.  The holder of this Warrant, by acceptance
hereof, agrees that this Warrant, the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon
exercise hereof are being acquired for investment and that such holder will not
offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant, or any shares of Common Stock
to be issued upon exercise hereof except under circumstances which will not
result in a violation of the Securities Act of 1933,.as amended (die "Act").
Upon exercise of this

                                       10
<PAGE>

Warrant, the holder hereof shall confirm in writing, by executing the form
attached as Schedule 1 to Exhibit A hereto, that the shares of Common Stock so
purchased are being acquired for investment and not with a view toward
distribution or resale. This Warrant and all shares of Common Stock issued upon
exercise of this Warrant (unless registered under the Act) shall be stamped or
imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form:

    "THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
    NO SALE OR DISPOSITION MAYBE EFFECTED WITHOUT (i) AN EFFECTIVE
    REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO, (ii) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR
    THE HOLDER, REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH
    REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED, (iii) RECEIPT OF A NO-ACTION LETTER(S) FROM
    THE APPROPRIATE GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY(IES), OR (iv) OTHERWISE
    COMPLYING WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 7 OF THE WARRANT UNDER WHICH
    THESE SECURITIES WERE ISSUED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY."

          In addition, in connection with the issuance of this Warrant, the
holder specifically represents to the Company by acceptance of this Warrant as
follows:

(1)  The holder is aware of the Company's business affairs and financial
     condition, and has acquired information about the Company sufficient to
     reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire this Warrant. The
     holder is acquiring this Warrant for its own account for investment
     purposes only and not with a view to, or for the resale in connection with,
     any "distribution" thereof for purposes of the Act.

(2)  The holder understands that this Warrant and the Shares have not been
     registered under the Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom,
     which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of
     the holder's investment intent as expressed herein. In this connection, the
     holder understands that, in the view of the Securities and Exchange
     Commission (the "SEC"), the statutory basis for such exemption may be
     unavailable if the holder's representation was predicated solely upon a
     present intention to hold the Warrant and the Shares for the minimum
     capital gains period specified under applicable tax laws, for a deferred
     sale, for or until an increase or decrease in the market price, of the
     Warrant and the Shares, or for a period of one (1) year or any other fixed
     period in the future.

(3)  The holder further understands that this Warrant and the Shares must be
     held' indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Act and any
     applicable state securities laws. or unless exemptions from registration
     are otherwise available.

(4)  The holder is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 and 144A, promulgated
     under the Act, which, in substance, permit limited public resale of
     "restricted securities" acquired, directly or indirectly, from the issuer
     thereof (or from an

                                       11
<PAGE>

     affiliate of such issuer), in a non-public offering subject to the
     satisfaction of certain conditions, if applicable, including, among other
     things: the availability of certain public information about the Company,
     the resale occurring not less than one (1) year after the party has
     purchased and paid for the securities to be sold; the sale being made
     through a broker in an unsolicited "broker's transaction" or in
     transactions directly with a market maker (as said term is defined under
     the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and the amount of
     securities being sold during any three-month period not exceeding the
     specified limitations stated therein.

(5)  The holder further understands that at the time it wishes to sell this
     Warrant and the Shares there may be no public market upon which to make
     such a sale, and that, even if such a public market then exists, the
     Company may not be satisfying the current public information requirements
     of Rule 144 and 144A, and that, in such event, the holder may be precluded
     from selling this Warrant and the Shares under Rule 144 and 144A even if
     the one-year minimum holding period had been satisfied.

(6)  The holder further understands that in the event all of the requirements of
     Rule 144 and 144A are not satisfied, registration under the Act, compliance
     with Regulation A, or some other registration exemption will be required;
     and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rule 144 and 144A is not exclusive,
     the Staff of the SEC has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to
     sell private placement securities other than in a registered offering and
     otherwise than pursuant to Rule 144 and 144A will have a substantial burden
     of proof in establishing that an exemption from registration is available
     for such offers or sales, and that such persons and their respective
     brokers who participate in such transactions do so at their own risk.

b.   Disposition of Warrant or Shares. With respect to any offer, sale or other
disposition of this Warrant, or any Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of
this Warrant prior to registration of such Warrant or Shares, the holder hereof
and each subsequent holder of this Warrant agrees to give written notice to the
Company prior thereto, describing briefly the manner thereof, together with a
written opinion of such holder's counsel (which shall be reasonably acceptable
to the Company and knowledgeable regarding securities matters, including without
limitation Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP), if reasonably requested by the
Company, to the effect that such offer, sale or other disposition may be
effected without registration or qualification (under the Act as then in effect
or any federal or state law then in effect) of this Warrant or such Shares and
indicating whether or not under the Act certificates for this Warrant or such
Shares to be sold or otherwise disposed of require any restrictive legend as to
applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with
applicable law. Promptly upon receiving such written notice and reasonably
satisfactory opinion, if so requested, the Company, as promptly as practicable,
shall notify such holder that such holder may sell or otherwise dispose of this
Warrant or such Shares, all in accordance with the terms of the notice delivered
to the Company. If a determination has been made pursuant to this subsection (b)
that the opinion of counsel for the holder is not reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, the Company shall so notify the holder promptly after such
determination has been made. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Warrant or such
Shares may, as to such federal laws, be offered, sold or otherwise disposed of
in

                                       12
<PAGE>

accordance with Rule 144 and 144A under the Act, provided that the Company shall
have been furnished with such information as the Company and its counsel may
reasonably request to provide a reasonable assurance that the provisions of Rule
144 and 144A have been satisfied. Each certificate representing this Warrant or
the Shares thus transferred (except a transfer pursuant to Rule 144) shall bear
a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure
compliance with such laws, unless in the aforesaid opinion of counsel for the
holder, such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with such
laws. The Company may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent or,
if acting as its own transfer agent, the Company may stop transfer on its
corporate books, in connection with such restrictions. Notwithstanding any other
provision herein to the contrary, this Warrant and/or any Shares acquired
pursuant to the exercise of this Warrant may be sold or otherwise transferred by
Foothill to any person or entity in compliance with applicable law, but if and
to the extent that any such sale or transfer of such Warrant or Shares is to a
person or entity that is not also a purchaser or transferee of all or part of
Foothill's rights and obligations under the Loan Agreement (as defined in
Section 10.4 below), such sale or transfer to such person or entity shall be
free of, and shall not carry with it, the put rights set forth in Section 10.4
hereof.

8.  Rights as Shareholders: Information.  No holder of this Warrant, as such,
shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Common
Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable
on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be
construed to confer upon the holder of this Warrant, as such, any of the rights
of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of the
directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof,
or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights
or otherwise until this Warrant shall have been exercised and the Shares
purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided
herein. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company will use its reasonable best
efforts to transmit to the holder of this Warrant such information, documents
and reports as are generally distributed to the holders of any class or series
of the securities of the Company concurrently with the distribution thereof to
the shareholders.

9.  Registration Rights.  The holder of this Warrant shall be entitled to
registration rights as set forth in the Securities Issuance Agreement.

10.  Additional Rights.

          10.1  Mergers.  In the event that the Company undertakes to (i) sell,
lease, exchange, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its
property or business, or (ii) merge into or consolidate with any other
corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), or effect any
transaction (including a merger or other reorganization) or series of related
transactions, in which more than 50% of the voting power of the Company is
disposed of, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to provide at
least thirty (30) days notice prior to the proposed effective date of the
transaction of the terms and conditions of the proposed transaction. The
foregoing notwithstanding, the provisions of this Section 10. 1 shall not
require the Company to take any action which would, in the good faith
determination of the Company after

                                       13
<PAGE>

consultation with counsel, constitute a violation of, or create liability for
the Company under, Federal or state securities laws or the rules of any
securities exchange or NASDAQ oil which the Company is then listed.

          10.2  Right to Convert Warrant into Common Stock: Net Issuance.

a.  Right to Convert.  In addition to and without limiting the rights of the
holder under the terms of this Warrant, the holder shall have the right to
convert this Warrant or any portion thereof (the "Conversion Right") into shares
of Common Stock as provided in this Section 10.2 at any time or from time to
time during the term of this Warrant. Upon exercise of the Conversion Right with
respect to a particular number of shares subject to this Warrant (the "Converted
Warrant Shares"), the Company shall deliver to the holder (without payment by
the holder of any exercise price or any cash or other consideration) that number
of shares of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (i) the value of this Warrant (or the specified portion
hereof) on the Conversion Date (as defined in subsection (b) hereof), which
value shall be equal to (A) the aggregate fair market value of the Converted
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (or the specified portion
hereof) on the Conversion Date less (B) the aggregate Warrant Price of the
Converted Warrant Shares immediately prior to the exercise of the Conversion
Right by (ii) the fair market value of one share of Common Stock on the
Conversion Date.

          Expressed as a formula, such conversion shall be computed as follows:

          X = A - B
              -----
                Y
          Where:         X =  the number of shares of Common Stock that shall be
                              issued to holder

                         Y =  the fair market value (FMV) of one share of Common
                              Stock

                         A =  the aggregate FMV (i.e., FMV x Converted Warrant
                              Shares)

                         B =  the aggregate Warrant Price (i.e., Converted
                              Warrant Shares x Warrant Price)

          No fractional shares shall be issuable upon exercise of the Conversion
Right, and, if the number of shares to be issued determined in accordance with
the foregoing formula is other than a whole number, the Company shall pay to the
holder an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of the resulting
fractional share on the Conversion Date. For purposes of Section 5 of the
Securit3es Issuance Agreement, shares issued pursuant to the Conversion Right
shall be treated as if they were issued upon the exercise of this Warrant.

                                       14
<PAGE>

b.  Method of Exercise. The Conversion Right may be exercised by the holder by
the surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company together
with a written statement specifying that the holder thereby intends to exercise
the Conversion Right and indicating the number of shares subject to this Warrant
which are being surrendered (referred to in subsection (a) hereof as the
Converted Warrant Shares) in exercise of the Conversion Right. Such conversion
shall be effective upon receipt by the Company of this Warrant together with the
aforesaid written statement, or on such later date as is specified therein (the
"Conversion Date'). Certificates for the shares issuable upon exercise of the
Conversion Right and, if applicable, a new warrant evidencing the balance of the
shams remaining subject to this Warrant, shall be issued as of the Conversion
Date and shall be delivered to the holder within thirty (30) days following the
Conversion Date.

c.  Determination of Fair Market Value. For purposes of this Section 10.2, "fair
market value" of a share of Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4(g) above.

          10.4  Put Rights.
                ----------

a.  Upon and after a Put Triggering Event (as defined below), each holder of
Warrants or Shares (the Warrants and the Shares are referred to herein,
collectively, as the "Securities") shall have the right, in such holder's sole
discretion, to require the Company to repurchase ("put") such holder's
Securities at a purchase price of $6.0296875 per share (the "Put Purchase
Price") of Common Stock purchased or purchasable by such holder upon exercise of
Warrant(s) (less any Warrant Price payable with respect to any then outstanding
Warrants). A "Put Triggering Event" means any of the following events: (i) an
Event of Default as defined under the Loan Agreement (to the extent any
applicable cure period has expired; and, provided that, to the extent that any
Event of Default is permanently waived by Foothill, any Put Triggering Event
premised on such permanently waived Event of Default shall cease, and, to the
extent that any Event of Default is temporarily waived by Foothill, any Put
Triggering Event premised on such temporarily waived Event of Default shall be
suspended and postponed for the duration of such waiver); (ii) the maturity of
the Obligations (whether scheduled, accelerated or otherwise); (iii) repayment
in full of the Obligations in connection with a refinancing of the Obligations
by the Company with any party other than Foothill; (iv) the sale or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (y) the
consummation by the Company of any merger, consolidation or other reorganization
(other than as permitted under the Loan Agreement or as otherwise permitted by
Foothill pursuant to a written waiver). For the purposes of this Warrant, the
terms "Loan Agreement" and "Obligations' shall have the same meanings for such
terms as are defined (or incorporated by reference) in the Securities Issuance
Agreement.

b.  Such put right shall be exercisable by written notice (the "Put Notice")
given to the Company. The Company shall effect the repurchase of the Securities
pursuant to the Put Notice by paying the purchase price therefor in cash to the
holder not more than thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the Put
Notice, but. only as and to the extent the Company has funds legally available
therefore; and at such

                                       15
<PAGE>

time the holder shall deliver to the Company the Securities to be repurchased,
properly endorsed for transfer. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
if the put right provided for herein has not been exercise by the date that is
two years after the earlier of (y) the date that the Loan Agreement is
terminated and Foothill has no further obligations thereunder, and (z) the date
that all Obligations of the Company to Foothill have become due and payable,
whether in accordance with their terms, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise,
and if Foothill has not been stayed or enjoined from exercising such put right
(whether by reason of the provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code or
otherwise), then such put right shall expire at the close of business on such
date first referred to in this sentence.

c.  Upon each adjustment in the Warrant Price pursuant to Section 4 hereof, (i)
with respect to the unexercised portion of this Warrant. the Put Purchase Price
shall be adjusted as if such Put Purchase Price were subject to adjustment by
the terms of Section 4 in the same manner as the Warrant Price, and (ii) with
respect to Shares after exercise of all or the applicable portion of the
Warrant, the Put Purchase Price shall be adjusted as if such Put Purchase Price
were subject to adjustment by the terms of Sections 4(a) and 4(b) (and not
Sections 4(c) though (e)) in the same manner as the Warrant Price.

          10.5  Call Rights.
                -----------

a.  At any time, the Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to
repurchase ("call") the Shares, if and to the extent then owned by Foothill (and
not its assigns or transferees, except for a private assignee or transferee that
continues to have put rights and registration rights hereunder), and the
Warrant, regardless of ownership thereof, at a purchase price of $8.0296875 per
share (the "Call Purchase Price") of Common Stock purchased or purchasable upon
exercise of the Warrant (less any Warrant Price payable with respect to any
portion of the Warrant then outstanding). Such call right shall be exercisable
by written notice (the "Call Notice") given to Foothill (and any applicable
assigns). The Company shall effect the repurchase of the all of the Securities
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) pursuant to the Call Notice by
paying the purchase price therefor in cash to Foothill (and its assigns, as
applicable) not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) days after delivery
by the Company of the Call Notice; and at such time each holder shall deliver to
the Company the Securities to be repurchased, properly endorsed for transfer.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph,
once any Shares have been sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated
under the Act, or pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act,
the Company shall have no further call rights with respect to such Shares. Any
certificate representing Shares subject to the call right provided for herein
shall bear the following legend: "THE SHARES EVIDENCED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO A
CALL RIGHT IN FAVOR OF THE ISSUER HEREOF PURSUANT TO A SECURITIES ISSUANCE
AGREEMENT, A COPY OF WHICH IS AVA11ABLE FOR INSPECTION BY WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE
COMPANY FROM ANY HOLDER OF THESE SHARES." If the Shares evidenced by any
certificate [BE-AXING] the foregoing legend cease to be subject to the call
right provided for herein, the Company upon request and upon presentation by the
holder thereof of the certificate bearing such legend will reissue a certificate
for such Shares without such a legend.

                                       16
<PAGE>

b.  Upon each adjustment in the Warrant Price pursuant to Section 4 hereof, (i)
with respect to the unexercised portion `of this Warrant, the Call Purchase
Price shall be adjusted as if such Call Purchase Price were subject to
adjustment by the terms of Section 4 in the same manner as the Warrant Price,
and (ii) with respect to Shares after exercise of all or the applicable portion
of the Warrant, the Call Purchase Price shall be adjusted as if such Call
Purchase Price were subject to adjustment by the terms of Sections 4(a) and 4(b)
(and not Sections 4(c) though (e)) in the same manner as the Warrant Price.

11.  Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to the
     ------------------------------
holder of this Warrant as follows:

a.  This Warrant has been duly authorized and executed by the Company and is a
valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable in accordance with its
terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency
and the relief of debtors and the rules of law or principles at equity governing
specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies;

b.  The Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by the
Company and, when issued in accordance with the terms hereof, will be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable,

c.  The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed
upon the Common Stock and the holders thereof are as set forth in the
certificate of incorporation of the Company, as amended to the date hereof (as
so amended, the "Charter"), a true and complete copy of which has been delivered
to the original holder of this Warrant;

d.  The execution and delivery of this Warrant are not, and the issuance of the
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof will
not be, inconsistent with the Charter or by-laws of the Company, do not and will
not contravene, in any material respect, any governmental rule or regulation,
judgment or order applicable to the Company, and do not and will not conflict
with or contravene any provision of, or constitute a default under, any
indenture, mortgage, contract or other instrument of which the Company is a
party or by which it is bound or require the consent or approval of, the giving
of notice to, the registration or filing with or the taking of any action in
respect of or by, any Federal, state or local government authority or agency or
other person, except for the filing of notices pursuant to federal and state
securities laws, which filings will be effected by the time required thereby, in
each case except as would not have a material adverse effect on the Company; and

e.  Except as set forth in the Loan Agreement (as defined in the Securities
Issuance Agreement), there are no actions, suits, audits, investigations or
proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the

                                       17
<PAGE>

Company in any court or before any governmental commission, board or authority
which, if adversely determined, will have a material adverse effect on the
ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

12.  Modification and Waiver. This Warrant and any provision hereof may be
changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing
signed by the party against which enforcement of the same is sought.

13.  Notices. Any notice, request, communication or other document required or
permitted to be given or delivered to the holder hereof or the Company shall be
delivered, or shall be sent by private courier or certified or registered mail,
postage prepaid, to each such holder at its address as shown on the books of the
Company or to the Company at the address indicated therefor on the signature
page of this Warrant.

14.  Binding Effect on Successors.  This Warrant shall be binding upon any
corporation succeeding the Company by merger, consolidation or acquisition of
all or substantially all of the Company's assets, and all of the obligations of
the Company relating to the Common. Stock issuable upon the exercise or
conversion of this Warrant shall survive the exercise, conversion and
termination of this Warrant and all of the covenants and agreements of the
Company shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the holder
hereof. The Company will, at the time of the exercise or conversion of this
Warrant, in whole or in part, upon request of the holder hereof but at the
Company's expense, acknowledge in writing its continuing obligation to the
holder hereof in respect of any rights to which the holder hereof shall continue
to be entitled after such exercise or conversion in accordance with this
Warrant; provided, that the failure of the holder hereof to make any such
request shall not affect the continuing obligation of the Company to the holder
hereof in respect of such rights.

15.  Lost Warrants or Stock Certificates.  The Company covenants to the holder
hereof that, upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
the loss, theft. destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock
certificate and, in the case of any. loss, theft or destruction, upon receipt of
an executed lost securities bond or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, or in the case of any such mutilation upon surrender and cancellation
of such Warrant or stock certificate, the Company will make and deliver a new
Warrant or stock certificate, of like tenor, in lieu of the lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated Warrant or stock certificate.

16.  Descriptive Headings.  The descriptive headings of the several paragraphs
of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part
of this Warrant.

17.  Governing Law.  This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

18.  Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. All representations
and warranties of the Company and the holder hereof contained

                                       18
<PAGE>

herein shall survive the issuance hereof, the exercise or conversion of this
Warrant (or any part hereof) or the termination or expiration of rights
hereunder. All agreements of the Company and the holder hereof contained herein
shall survive indefinitely until, by their respective terms, they are no longer
operative.

19.  Remedies.  In case any one or more of the covenants and agreements
contained in this `Warrant shall have been breached, the holder hereof (in the
case of a breach by the Company), or the Company (in the case of a breach by a
holder), may proceed to protect and enforce its rights either by suit in equity
and/or by action at law, including, but not limited to, an action for damages as
a result of any such breach and/or an action for specific performance of any
such covenant or agreement contained in this Warrant.

20.  Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the holder hereof shall constitute
acceptance of and agreement to the foregoing terms and conditions.

21.  No Impairment of Rights.  The Company will not, by amendment of its Charter
or through any other means, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist
in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such action as
may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of The holder of
this Warrant against impairment.


                    [Balance of page intentionally omitted]

                                       19
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Warrant is issued on September 4, 1998.

                              BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED



                              By:    /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                  ------------------------------------

                              Title:  Vice President & CFO

                              Address:  120 Flanders Road,
                                        Westboro, Massachusetts 01581

                                       20
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT A

                              NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED


          1.   The undersigned hereby elects to purchase _________ shares of
Common Stock of BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED pursuant to the terms of the
attached Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the purchase price of such
shares in full.

          2.  Please issue a certificate or certificates representing said
shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name or names as are
specified below:


                              ________________________________
                              (Name)

                              ________________________________

                              ________________________________
                              (Address)

          3.   The undersigned represents that the aforesaid shares are being
acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment and not with a view
to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof and that the
undersigned has no present intention of distributing or reselling such shares.
In support thereof, the undersigned has executed an Investment Representation
Statement attached hereto as Schedule 1.

                              _________________________________

                              (Signature)


___________________________

(Date)

                                       21
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule 1
                                   ----------



           INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT

Purchaser:

Company:   BANYAN SYSTEMS INCORPORATED

Security:  Common Stock

Amount:

Date:

          In connection with the purchase of the above-listed securities (the
"Securities"), the undersigned (the "Purchaser) represents to the Company as
follows:

          (a) The Purchaser is aware of the Company's business affairs arid
financial condition, and has acquired sufficient information about the Company
to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. The
Purchaser is purchasing the Securities for its own account for investment
purposes only and not with a view to, or for the resale in connection with, any
"distribution" thereof for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Act").

          (b) The Purchaser understands that the Securities have not been
registered under the Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which
exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the
Purchaser's investment intent as expressed herein. In this connection, the
Purchaser understands that, in the view of the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC"), the statutory basis for such exemption may be unavailable if
the Purchaser's representation was predicated solely upon a present intention to
hold these Securities for the minimum capital gains period specified under
applicable tax laws, for a deferred sale, for or until an increase or decrease
in the market price of the Securities, or for a period of one year or any other
fixed period in the future.

          (c) The Purchaser further understands that the Securities must be held
indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Act or unless an exemption
from registration is otherwise available. In addition, the Purchaser understands
that the certificate evidencing the Securities will be Imprinted with the legend
referred to in the Warrant under which the Securities are being purchased.

          (d) The Purchaser is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 and 144A,
promulgated under the Act, which, in substance, permit limited public resale of
"restricted securities" acquired, directly or indirectly, from' the issuer
thereof (or from an affiliate of such issuer), in a non-public offering subject
to the satisfaction of certain conditions, if applicable, including, among other
things: The availability of certain public

                                       22
<PAGE>

information about the Company, the resale occurring not less than one (1) year
after the party has purchased and paid for the securities to be sold, the sale
being made through a broker in an unsolicited "broker's transaction" or in
transactions directly with a market maker (as said term is defined under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934,as amended) and the amount of securities being
sold during any three-month period not exceeding the specified limitations
stated therein.

          (e) The Purchaser further understands that at the time it wishes to
sell the Securities there may be no public market upon which to make such a
sale, and that, even if such a public market then exists, the Company may not be
satisfying the current public information requirements of Rule 144 and 144A, and
that, in such event, the Purchaser may be precluded from selling the Securities
under Rule 144 and 144A even if the one-year minimum holding period had been
satisfied.

          (f) The Purchaser farther understands that in the event all of the
requirements of Rule 144 and 144A are not satisfied, registration under the Act,
compliance with Regulation A, or some other registration exemption will be
required; and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rule 144 is not exclusive, the
Staff of the SEC has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell
private placement securities other than in a registered offering and otherwise
than pursuant to Rule 144 will have a substantial burden or proof in
establishing that an exemption from registration is available for such offers or
sales, and that such persons and their respective brokers who participate in
such transactions do so at their own risk.

                              Purchaser:


                              _________________________________

                              Date: ___________________________

                                       23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dex1040.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CREDIT AGREEMENT BETWEEN COMPANY AND FLEET
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.40

                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

                                     BETWEEN

                               FLEET NATIONAL BANK

                                       AND

                                 ePRESENCE, INC.

                             Dated: October 6, 2000

                                  -------------
<PAGE>

                                Table of Contents

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

SECTION I.    DEFINITIONS....................................................1
      1.1.  Definitions......................................................1
      1.2.  Rules of Interpretation.........................................14
SECTION II.   DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT.........................................15
      2.1.  Loans...........................................................15
      2.2.  The Note........................................................16
      2.3.  Notice and Manner of Borrowing or Conversion of Loans...........16
      2.4.  Interest Rates and Payments of Interest.........................17
      2.5.  Fees............................................................18
      2.6.  Payments and Prepayments of the Loans...........................19
      2.7.  Method of Payments..............................................20
      2.8.  Indemnity.......................................................20
      2.9.  Computation of Interest and Fees................................21
      2.10.  Changed Circumstances; Illegality..............................21
      2.11.  Increased Costs................................................22
      2.12.  Capital Requirements...........................................23
SECTION IIA   LETTERS OF CREDIT.............................................23
      2A.1.  Issuance.......................................................23
      2A.2.  Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrower.......................24
      2A.3.  Letter of Credit Payments......................................24
      2A.4.  Obligations Absolute...........................................25
      2A.5.  Reliance by the Issuing Bank and the Lender....................25
SECTION III.  CONDITIONS OF LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT.....................26
      3.1.  Conditions Precedent to Initial Loans...........................26
      3.2.  Conditions Precedent to all Loans and Letters of Credit.........27
SECTION IV.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................29
      4.1.  Organization; Qualification; Business...........................29
      4.2.  Corporate Authority.............................................29
      4.3.  Valid Obligations...............................................29
      4.4.  Consents or Approvals...........................................30
      4.5.  Title to Properties; Absence of Encumbrances....................30
      4.6.  Financial Statements............................................30
      4.7.  Changes.........................................................31
      4.8.  Solvency........................................................31
      4.9.  Defaults........................................................31
      4.10.  Taxes..........................................................31
      4.11.  Litigation.....................................................31
      4.12.  Subsidiaries...................................................31
      4.13.  Investment Company Act.........................................32
      4.14.  Compliance.....................................................32
      4.15.  ERISA..........................................................32
      4.16.  Environmental Matters..........................................32
      4.17.  Restrictions on the Borrower...................................34


                                       i
<PAGE>

                                Table of Contents
                                -----------------
                                   (continued)
                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

      4.18.  Labor Relations................................................34
      4.19.  Margin Rules...................................................34
      4.20.  Disclosure.....................................................34
      4.21.  Intellectual Property..........................................34
SECTION V.    AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.........................................35
      5.1.  Financial Statements............................................35
      5.2.  Conduct of Business.............................................37
      5.3.  Maintenance and Insurance.......................................37
      5.4.  Taxes...........................................................38
      5.5.  Inspection......................................................38
      5.6.  Maintenance of Books and Records................................38
      5.7.  Use of Proceeds.................................................38
      5.8.  Further Assurances..............................................38
      5.9.  Notification Requirements.......................................38
      5.10.  ERISA Reports; Compliance......................................39
      5.11.  Environmental Compliance.......................................39
      5.12.  Inactive Subsidiaries..........................................40
SECTION VI.   FINANCIAL COVENANTS...........................................40
      6.1.  Consolidated Net Worth..........................................40
      6.2.  Leverage Ratio..................................................41
      6.3.  Interest Coverage...............................................41
      6.4.  Quick Ratio.....................................................41
SECTION VII.  NEGATIVE COVENANTS............................................41
      7.1.  Indebtedness....................................................41
      7.2.  Contingent Liabilities..........................................42
      7.3.  Encumbrances....................................................42
      7.4.  Consolidation, Merger or Acquisition, Dispositions..............43
      7.5.  Subsidiaries....................................................45
      7.6.  Restricted Payments.............................................45
      7.7.  Investments; Purchases of Assets................................45
      7.8.  ERISA Compliance................................................46
      7.9.  Transactions with Affiliates....................................46
      7.10.  Fiscal Year....................................................46
SECTION VIII. DEFAULTS......................................................47
      8.1.  Events of Default...............................................47
      8.2.  Remedies........................................................48
SECTION IX.   ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATION..................................49
      9.1.  Assignment......................................................49
      9.2.  Participations..................................................50
SECTION X.    GENERAL.......................................................51
      10.1.  Notices........................................................51
      10.2.  Expenses.......................................................52
      10.3.  Indemnification................................................52


                                       ii
<PAGE>

                                Table of Contents
                                -----------------
                                   (continued)
                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

      10.4.  Survival of Covenants, Etc.....................................53
      10.5.  Set-Off........................................................53
      10.6.  No Waivers.....................................................53
      10.7.  Amendments, Waivers, etc.......................................54
      10.8.  Binding Effect of Agreement....................................54
      10.9.  Captions; Counterparts.........................................54
      10.10.  Entire Agreement, Etc.........................................54
      10.11.  Waiver of Jury Trial..........................................54
      10.12.  Governing Law.................................................55
      10.13.  Severability..................................................55
      10.14.  Replacement of Lost Notes.....................................55
      10.15.  Confidentiality...............................................55

                                    SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 - Commitments of Lender
SCHEDULE 2 - Outstanding Letters of Credit

                                    EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A - Form of Revolving Credit Note
EXHIBIT B - Form of Notice of Borrowing or Conversion
EXHIBIT C - Disclosure
EXHIBIT D - Form of Report of Chief Financial Officer
EXHIBIT E - Form of Borrowing Base Report


                                      iii
<PAGE>

                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

      THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT is made as of October 6, 2000, by and between
ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, having its chief executive office
at 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro, MA 01581-5013 (the "Borrower"),
and FLEET NATIONAL BANK, a national bank having its head office at 100 Federal
Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02110 ("Fleet" or the "Lender").

      WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Lender to extend credit in the
form of loans and letters of credit, and the Lender is willing to make loans to
the Borrower and the Issuing Bank (as defined in Section I) is willing to issue
Letters of Credit, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   SECTION I.

                                   DEFINITIONS

      1.1.  Definitions.

      All capitalized terms used in this Agreement or in the Notes or in any
certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant to this
Agreement (unless otherwise defined therein) shall have the meanings assigned to
them below:

      Accounts Receivable and Accounts. All of the accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, bills, drafts, acceptances, instruments, documents and
chattel paper of the Borrower and all other debts, obligations and liabilities
in whatever form owing to the Borrower from any Person for goods sold or for
services rendered, or however otherwise established or created, all guarantees
and security therefor, all right, title and interest of the Borrower in the
goods or services which gave rise thereto, including rights to reclamation and
stoppage in transit and all rights of an unpaid seller of goods or services;
whether any of the foregoing be now existing or hereafter arising, now or
hereafter received by or owing or belonging to the Borrower.

      Affected Loans. See Section 2.10.

      Affiliate. With reference to any Person, (i) any director, officer or
employee of that Person, (ii) any other Person controlling, controlled by or
under direct or indirect common control of that Person, (iii) any other Person
directly or indirectly holding 5% or more of any class of the capital stock or
other equity interests (including options, warrants, convertible securities and
similar rights) of that Person and (iv) any other Person 5% or more of any class
of whose capital stock or other equity interests (including options, warrants,
convertible securities and similar rights) is held directly or indirectly by
that Person.
<PAGE>

      Agreement. This Credit Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules
hereto, as the same may be supplemented, amended or restated from time to time.

      Alternate Prime Rate. The greater of (i) the rate of interest announced
from time to time by Fleet at its head office as its "Prime Rate", and (ii) the
Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1% per annum (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the next 1/8 of 1%). The Prime Rate is a reference rate and does
not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate being charged to any customer.
Any change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be
effective from and including the effective date of such change without notice or
demand of any kind.

      Applicable Margin. As of any date, with respect to Prime Rate Loans, LIBOR
Loans, Commitment Fees or Letter of Credit Fees, the applicable percentage set
forth below opposite the applicable Leverage Ratio in effect at such date,
provided, however that during the period from the Closing Date through and
including the date upon which Fleet receives the audited financial statements
required pursuant to Section 5.1(a) for the fiscal year ending December 31,
2000, the Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be less than 1.00, but greater than
or equal to 0.50 for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin:

                                  Applicable Margin
                       --------------------------------------

       Leverage        Prime Rate       LIBOR       Commitment      Letter of
        Ratio             Loans         Loans           Fee        Credit Fee
        -----             -----         -----           ---        ----------
 Less than 1.00:1.00,     0.75%         2.25%          0.35%          2.25%
 but greater than or
  equal to 0.50:1.00
 Less than 0.50:1.00      0.50%         1.75%          0.25%          1.75%

      Assignee. See Section 9.1.

      Available Cash. All cash and cash equivalents of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, plus any items of the type described in clauses (i) through (iv)
under the definition of Qualified Investments, plus the aggregate Equity
Derivative Base Amount of approved Equity Derivative Contracts.

      Banyan Intellectual Property. The Intellectual Property of the Borrower
used in connection with or relating to the business conducted by the Borrower
and its predecessors under the name Banyan Systems Incorporated, including
without limitation the Intellectual Property as set forth on Exhibit C, but in
no event any Intellectual Property which generates a material amount of revenue
for the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in their current businesses.

      Banyan Intellectual Property Disposition. The disposition by the Borrower,
by sale or otherwise, of all Banyan Intellectual Property.

      Borrower. See Preamble.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      Borrower Security Agreement. The Security Agreement, dated as of the
Closing Date, made by the Borrower in favor of the Lender, as amended and in
effect from time to time.

      Borrower's Accountants. PriceWaterhouseCoopers, or such other independent
certified public accountants as are selected by the Borrower and reasonably
acceptable to the Lender.

      Borrowing Base. An amount equal to (a) the sum of 85% of the unpaid face
amount of all Eligible Accounts.

      Borrowing Base Report. A report signed by any Responsible Officer and in
substantially the form of Exhibit E hereto.

      Business Day. (i) For all purposes other than as covered by clause (ii)
below, any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday on which banks in
Boston, Massachusetts are open for the conduct of a substantial part of their
commercial banking business; and (ii) with respect to all notices and
determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on,
LIBOR Loans, any day that is a Business Day described in clause (i) and that is
also a day on which dealings in U.S. dollar deposits are also carried on in the
London interbank market and banks are open for business in London.

      Capital Expenditures. Without duplication, any expenditure for fixed or
capital assets, leasehold improvements, capital leases, installment purchases of
machinery and equipment, acquisitions of real estate and other similar
expenditures including (i) in the case of a purchase, the entire purchase price,
whether or not paid during the fiscal period in question, (ii) in the case of a
capital lease, the capitalized amount (as determined under GAAP) of the
obligations under such lease to pay rent and other amounts, and (iii)
expenditures in any construction in progress account of the Borrower.

      Closing Date. The first date on which the conditions set forth in Sections
3.1 and 3.2 have been satisfied and any Loans are to be made, or Letters of
Credit are to be issued or deemed issued hereunder.

      Code. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the rules and regulations
thereunder, collectively, as the same may from time to time be supplemented or
amended and remain in effect.

      Collateral. All of the property, rights and interests of the Borrower and
the Guarantors that are or are intended to be subject to the security interests
and liens created by the Security Documents.

      Commitment. The Revolving Credit Commitment.

      Commitment Fee. See Section 2.5(a).

      Consents. See Section 7.4(b)(iii).


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

      Consolidated Current Liabilities. The aggregate amount of Indebtedness of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that may properly be classified as current
liabilities in accordance with GAAP and in any event including, without
limitation, (i) the Obligations and (ii) any other direct or indirect
Indebtedness and other liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are
payable on demand or within one year from the creation thereof, but excluding
Deferred Revenues and any liabilities of Switchboard.

      Consolidated Net Income. For any fiscal period, the consolidated net
income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, as determined in
accordance with GAAP, except that in no event shall such consolidated net income
include: (i) any gain or loss arising from any write-up of assets, except to the
extent inclusion thereof shall be approved in writing by the Lender; (ii)
earnings of any Subsidiary accrued prior to the date it became a Subsidiary;
(iii) any extraordinary or nonrecurring gains; (iv) any deferred or other credit
representing any excess of the equity of any Subsidiary at the date of
acquisition thereof over the amount invested in such Subsidiary; (v) the net
earnings of any business entity (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower
or any Subsidiary has an ownership interest, except to the extent such net
earnings shall have actually been received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in
the form of cash distributions; (vi) the proceeds of any life insurance policy;
(vii) earnings or losses of Switchboard; and (viii) any reversal of any
contingency reserve, except to the extent that provision for such contingency
reserve shall be made from income arising during such period.

      Consolidated Net Worth. At any date as of which the amount thereof shall
be determined, the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, minus , without duplication, the following: (a) Consolidated Total
Liabilities, (b) any assets of Switchboard, and (c) the sum of any amounts
attributable to (i) all reserves not already deducted from assets or included in
Consolidated Total Liabilities, (ii) any write-up in the book value of assets
resulting from any revaluation thereof subsequent to the date of the Initial
Financial Statement, (iii) the value of any minority interests in Subsidiaries,
(iv) intercompany accounts with Subsidiaries and Affiliates (including
receivables due from Subsidiaries and Affiliates), (v) the value, if any,
attributable to any capital stock or other equity interests of the Borrower or
any Subsidiary held in treasury, and (vi) the value, if any, attributable to any
notes or subscriptions receivable due from equity holders in respect of capital
stock or other equity interests.

      Consolidated Tangible Net Worth. At any date as of which the amount
thereof shall be determined, the Consolidated Net Worth, minus the book value,
net of applicable reserves, of all intangible assets of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, goodwill, trademarks, copyrights,
patents and any similar rights, and unamortized debt discount and expense.

      Consolidated Total Liabilities. At any date as of which the amount thereof
shall be determined, all obligations that should, in accordance with GAAP, be
classified as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries, including in any event all Indebtedness and any deferred tax
liability, but excluding any liabilities of Switchboard and the value of any
minority interests of the Borrower in its Subsidiaries.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

      Contra Customer. Any customer or other Person with whom the Borrower has a
contract or agreement of any kind (including an account payable) and in respect
of whom there is an Account included in Eligible Accounts.

      Default. An Event of Default or event or condition that, but for the
requirement that time elapse or notice be given, or both, would constitute an
Event of Default.

      Deferred Revenues. Any of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries recognition of which are required to be deferred in accordance
with GAAP.

      Drawdown Date. The Business Day on which any Loan is made or is to be made
or Letter of Credit is to be issued or deemed issued hereunder.

      EBITDA. For any fiscal period, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income
for such period, plus the following (without duplication), to the extent
excluded or deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income: (i) Interest
Expense, (ii) taxes, (iii) depreciation and (iv) amortization of goodwill and
other intangibles.

      Eligible Accounts. An Account Receivable which:

            (a) is not unpaid more than 90 days after invoice date and is not
more than 90 days past due under the original terms of sale;

            (b) arose in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower as a
result of services which have been performed for the account debtor or the sale
of goods which have been shipped to the account debtor;

            (c) is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the account debtor
thereunder, is assignable, is owned by the Borrower free and clear of all
Encumbrances (except in favor of the Lender) and is subject to a valid,
perfected first security interest of the Lender (and, if the account debtor is
the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof, the right
to payment has been assigned to the Lender in compliance with the Assignment of
Claims Act of 1940, as amended) and is not evidenced by a promissory note or
other instrument;

            (d) has not been materially reduced and is not subject to material
reduction, as against the Borrower, its agents or the Lender, by any offset,
counterclaim, adjustment, credit, allowance or other defense, and as to which
there is no (and no basis for any) return, rejection, loss or damage of or to
the goods giving rise thereto, or any request for credit or adjustments known to
the Borrower;

            (e) is not uncollectible or reasonably likely to become
uncollectible for any reason, including, without limitation, return, rejection,
repossession, loss of or damage to the merchandise giving rise thereto, a
merchandise or other dispute, any bankruptcy, insolvency, adverse credit rating
or other financial difficulty of the account debtor, or any impediment to the
assertion of a claim or commencement of an action against the account debtor
(including as a consequence of the failure of the Borrower to be qualified or
licensed in any jurisdiction where


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

such qualification or licensing is required), all as reasonably determined by
the Lender in its sole discretion;

            (f) is not owing from any Affiliate of the Borrower;

            (g) is owing from an account debtor located in the United States;

            (h) is owing from an account debtor at least 80% of whose accounts
payable owing to the Borrower are Eligible Accounts;

            (i) if owing from any Contra Customer, will be eligible only to the
extent it exceeds the amount of the Borrower's accounts payable to such Contra
Customer; and

            (j) has not been designated by the Lender in its sole discretion by
notice to the Borrower as unacceptable for any reason.

      Eligible Equity Derivative Contracts. Equity Derivative Contracts
purchased by the Borrower in connection with Investments permitted under Section
7.7 of this Agreement from the Lender or an Affiliate of the Lender.

      Eligible Foreign Currency Contracts. Foreign Currency Contracts purchased
by the Borrower from the Lender.

      Eligible Interest Rate Contracts. Interest Rate Contracts purchased by the
Borrower from the Lender.

      Encumbrances. See Section 7.3.

      Environmental Laws. Any and all applicable federal, state and local
environmental, health or safety statutes, laws, regulations, rules and
ordinances (whether now existing or hereafter enacted or promulgated), and all
applicable judicial, administrative and regulatory decrees, judgments and
orders, including common law rulings and determinations, relating to injury to,
or the protection of, real or personal property or human health or the
environment, including, without limitation, all requirements pertaining to
reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation, remediation and removal of
emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials
into the environment or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of such Hazardous
Materials.

      Equity Derivative Base Amount. In connection with any Equity Derivative
Contract which is approved by the Bank at the request of the Borrower, the
minimum amount of cash that the Borrower is assured of realizing as a result of
(a) liquidation of the underlying securities and (b) any required payment by the
counterparty thereunder as represented by the Borrower to the Bank and
acknowledged by the Bank, it being agreed that the Equity Derivative Contracts
dated January 21, 2000 and February 24, 2000 between BankBoston, N.A. and the
Borrower relating to an aggregate 400,000 shares of common stock of
Software.Com, Inc. is approved by the Bank for purposes of this definition based
upon the Borrower's representation that the Equity Derivative Base Amount in
connection therewith is $33,600,000.


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      Equity Derivative Contracts. Puts, calls, collar contracts and any other
agreements or arrangements designed to provide protection against fluctuations
in prices of equity securities with respect to equity securities of (a)
Switchboard, (b) Software.com or (c) any other Person investments in which are
permitted under Section 7.7 of this Agreement or consented to in writing by the
Lender.

      ERISA. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the rules
and regulations thereunder, collectively, as the same may from time to time be
supplemented or amended and remain in effect.

      ERISA Affiliate. Any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that
is treated as a single employer with the Borrower under Section 414(b), (c), (m)
or (o) of the Code and Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

      ERISA Event. (a) Any "reportable event," as defined in Section 4043 of
ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan unless the
30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the
PBGC; (b) the adoption of any amendment to a Plan that would require the
provision of security pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code or Section 307
of ERISA; (c) the existence with respect to any Plan of an "accumulated funding
deficiency" (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA),
whether or not waived; (d) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or
Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding
standard with respect to any Plan; (e) the incurrence of any liability under
Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan or the withdrawal
or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any
Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the receipt by the Borrower of any ERISA
Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator or any notice relating to the
intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer
any Plan; (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice
concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability (as defined in Part I of
Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA) with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or a
determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or
in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (h) the occurrence
of a "prohibited transaction" with respect to which the Borrower or any of the
Subsidiaries is a "disqualified person" (within the meaning of Section 4975 of
the Code) or with respect to which the Borrower or any such Subsidiary could
otherwise be liable; and (i) any other event or condition with respect to a Plan
or Multiemployer Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in liability
of the Borrower.

      Event of Default. Any event described in Section 8.1.

      Federal Funds Effective Rate. For any day, a fluctuating interest rate per
annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal
funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day,
for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the
average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the
Lender from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the
Lender.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      Foreign Currency Contracts. Forward contracts, hedge agreements, options
on any of the foregoing and any other agreements or arrangements designed to
provide protection against fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.

      GAAP. Generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

      Guarantees. As applied to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, all
guarantees, endorsements or other contingent or surety obligations with respect
to obligations of others whether or not reflected on the consolidated balance
sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including any obligation to furnish
funds, directly or indirectly (whether by virtue of partnership arrangements, by
agreement to keep-well or otherwise), through the purchase of goods, supplies or
services, or by way of stock purchase, capital contribution, advance or loan, or
to enter into a contract for any of the foregoing, for the purpose of payment of
obligations of any other Person.

      Guarantors Security Agreements. Each of the Security Agreements, dated as
of the Closing Date, made by the Guarantors in favor of the Lender, each as
amended and in effect from time to time.

      Guarantors. Strategic Network Designs, Inc., a New Jersey corporation,
ePresence Web Consulting, Inc., a New Jersey corporation, ePresence Securities
Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation, ePresence International Incorporated,
a Massachusetts corporation, and all future domestic direct and indirect
Subsidiaries of the Borrower, but excluding any Inactive Subsidiaries and
Switchboard, unless and until the Borrower and/or a Subsidiary of the Borrower
owns directly or indirectly 100% of the outstanding equity securities of
Switchboard.

      Hazardous Material. Any substance (i) the presence of which in a waste
stream, in the environment or in the workplace requires or may hereafter require
notification, investigation, removal or remediation under any Environmental Law;
(ii) which is or becomes defined as a "hazardous waste", "hazardous material" or
"hazardous substance" or "pollutant" or "contaminant" under any present or
future Environmental Law or amendments thereto including, without limitation,
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (42
U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.); (iii) which is toxic, explosive, corrosive,
flammable, infectious, radioactive, carcinogenic, mutagenic or otherwise
hazardous pursuant to any Environmental Law; or (iv) without limitation, which
contains gasoline, diesel fuel or other petroleum products, friable asbestos or
polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCB's").

      Inactive Subsidiaries. Coordinate.com Incorporated, a Massachusetts
corporation, Beyond Incorporated, a Massachusetts corporation, Banyan Systems
Asia Pacific Incorporated, a Massachusetts corporation, Banyan Systems (Taiwan)
Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and any other Subsidiary of the Borrower
having assets with (i) a fair market value of less than $100,000 and (ii) less
than $25,000 in revenues for the immediately proceeding 12 month period

      Indebtedness. As applied to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, without
duplication, (i) all obligations for borrowed money or other extensions of
credit whether secured or unsecured, absolute or contingent, including, without
limitation, unmatured reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of
credit or guarantees issued for the account of or on behalf of the Borrower


                                      -8-
<PAGE>

and its Subsidiaries and all obligations representing the deferred purchase
price of property, other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of
business, (ii) all obligations evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or other
similar instruments, (iii) all obligations secured by any mortgage, pledge,
security interest or other lien on property owned or acquired by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries whether or not the obligations secured thereby shall
have been assumed, (iv) that portion of all obligations arising under leases
that is required to be capitalized on the consolidated balance sheet of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (v) all Guarantees, (vi) all obligations that are
immediately due and payable out of the proceeds of or production from property
now or hereafter owned or acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries,
(vii) obligations in respect of Interest Rate Contracts, Equity Derivative
Contracts and Foreign Currency Contracts, and (viii) all other obligations
which, in accordance with GAAP, would be included as a liability on the
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, but excluding
anything in the nature of capital stock, capital surplus and retained earnings.

      Initial Financial Statement. See Section 4.6.

      Intellectual Property. All (i) patents, patent applications, patent
disclosures and all related continuation, continuation-in-part, divisional,
reissue, reexamination, utility model, certificate of invention and design
patents, patent applications, registrations and applications for registrations,
(ii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names and corporate
names and registrations and applications for registration thereof, (iii)
copyrights and registrations and applications for registration thereof, (iv)
computer software (in both source code and object form code), data and
documentation, (v) trade secrets and confidential business information, whether
patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice, know-how,
manufacturing and production processes and techniques, research and development
information, copyrightable works, financial marketing and business data, pricing
and cost information, business and marketing plans and customer and supplier
lists and information, and (vi) other proprietary rights relating to any of the
foregoing.

      Intellectual Property Security Documents. The Memorandum of Grant of
Security Interest In Copyrights, Patent Collateral Security and Pledge
Agreement, and Trademark Collateral Security and Pledge Agreement, each dated as
of the date hereof

      Interest Expense. For any fiscal period, the consolidated interest expense
(including imputed interest on capitalized lease obligations) and amortized debt
discount on Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period.

      Interest Period. With respect to each LIBOR Loan, the period commencing on
the date of the making or continuation of or conversion to such LIBOR Loan and
ending one (1), two (2), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter, as the Borrower
may elect in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or Conversion; provided that:

            (i) any Interest Period (other than an Interest Period determined
      pursuant to clause (iii) below) that would otherwise end on a day that is
      not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day
      unless such Business Day falls in the next


                                      -9-
<PAGE>

      calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the
      immediately preceding Business Day;

            (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a
      calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
      corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest
      Period) shall, subject to clause (iii) below, end on the last Business Day
      of a calendar month;

            (iii) any Interest Period that would otherwise end after the
      Maturity Date shall end on the Maturity Date; and

            (iv) notwithstanding clause (iii) above, no Interest Period shall
      have a duration of less than one month, and if any Interest Period
      applicable to a Loan would be for a shorter period, such Interest Period
      shall not be available hereunder.

      Interest Rate Contracts. Interest rate swap agreements, interest rate
collar agreements, options on any of the foregoing and any other agreements or
arrangements designed to provide protection against fluctuations in interest
rates.

      Investment. As applied to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the purchase
or acquisition of any share of capital stock, partnership interest, evidence of
indebtedness or other equity security of any other Person (including any
Subsidiary), any loan, advance or extension of credit (excluding Accounts
Receivable arising in the ordinary course of business) to, or contribution to
the capital of, any other Person (including any Subsidiary), any real estate
held for sale or investment (but excluding the assignment or subletting of
excess leased space by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business), any securities or commodities futures contracts held, any other
investment in any other Person (including any Subsidiary), and the making of any
commitment or acquisition of any option to make an Investment.

      Issuing Bank. Fleet.

      Lender. See Preamble.

      Letter of Credit Applications. Applications for Letters of Credit in such
form as may be required by the Issuing Bank from time to time which are executed
and delivered by the Borrower to the Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2A, as the
same may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

      Letter of Credit Fee. See Section 2.5(b).

      Letter of Credit Sublimit. $5,000,000.

      Letters of Credit. See Section 2A.l(a).

      Leverage Ratio. As of the end of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (i)
Consolidated Total Liabilities as of the end of such fiscal quarter, to (ii)
Consolidated Tangible Net Worth as of the end of such fiscal quarter.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

      LIBOR Loan. Any Loan bearing interest at a rate determined with reference
to the LIBOR Rate.

      LIBOR Rate. With respect to any LIBOR Loan for any Interest Period, the
rate of interest determined by the Lender to be the prevailing rate per annum at
which deposits in U.S. Dollars are offered to the Lender by first-class banks in
the interbank Eurodollar market in which it regularly participates on or about
10:00 a.m. (Boston time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest
Period in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of the LIBOR
Loan to which such Interest Period is to apply for a period of time
approximately equal to such Interest Period.

      Loan Documents. This Agreement, the Notes, the Letter of Credit
Applications, the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Documents, together with
any agreements, instruments or documents executed and delivered pursuant to or
in connection with any of the foregoing.

      Loans. The Loans made or to be made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant
to Section II of this Agreement, including Revolving Credit Loans and unpaid
Reimbursement Obligations.

      Maximum Drawing Amount. The maximum aggregate amount from time to time
that beneficiaries may draw under outstanding Letters of Credit.

      Municipal Bonds. Notes, bonds and other obligations of political
subdivisions located in the United States of America that, as to principal and
interest, constitute direct obligations of such subdivisions.

      Multiemployer Plan. Any plan which is a Multiemployer Plan as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

      Note Record. Any internal record, including a computer record, maintained
by the Lender with respect to any Loan.

      Notes. The Revolving Credit Note and any other notes issued to Assignees
or Participants pursuant to Section IX.

      Notice of Borrowing or Conversion. The notice, substantially in the form
of Exhibit B hereto, to be given by the Borrower to the Lender to request a Loan
or to convert an outstanding Loan of one Type into a Loan of another Type, in
accordance with Section 2.3.

      Obligations. Any and all obligations of the Borrower to the Lender and the
Issuing Bank of every kind and description pursuant to or in connection with the
Loan Documents, Eligible Interest Rate Contracts, Eligible Equity Derivative
Contracts and Eligible Foreign Currency Contracts, direct or indirect, absolute
or contingent, primary or secondary, due or to become due, now existing or
hereafter arising, regardless of how they arise or by what agreement or
instrument, if any, and including obligations to perform acts and refrain from
taking action as well as obligations to pay money.


                                      -11-
<PAGE>

      Participant. See Section 9.2.

      Pension Plan. Any Plan which is an "employee pension benefit plan" (as
defined in ERISA).

      PBGC. The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to
any or all of its functions under ERISA.

      Permitted Acquisition. See Section 7.4(a)

      Permitted Encumbrances. See Section 7.3.

      Person. Any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, unincorporated
association, business or other legal entity, and any government or governmental
agency or political subdivision thereof.

      Plan. Any "employee pension benefit plan" or "employee welfare benefit
plan" (each as defined in Section 3 of ERISA) maintained by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary.

      Pledge Agreement. The Pledge Agreement dated as of the Closing Date made
by the Borrower in favor of the Lender pledging the Borrower's outstanding
equity interests in the domestic Subsidiaries.

      Prime Rate Loan. Any Loan bearing interest determined with reference to
the Alternate Prime Rate.

      Prohibited Transaction. Any "prohibited transaction" within the meaning of
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

      Qualified Investments. As applied to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
investments in (i) notes, bonds or other obligations of the United States of
America or any agency thereof that as to principal and interest constitute
direct obligations of or are guaranteed by the United States of America and that
have maturity dates not more than twenty-seven months from the date of
acquisition, (ii) certificates of deposit, demand deposit accounts or other
deposit instruments or accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business
with banks or trust companies organized under the laws of the United States or
any state thereof that have capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000 which
certificates of deposit and other deposit instruments, if not payable on demand,
have maturities of not more than twenty-seven months from the date of
acquisition, (iii) commercial paper and Municipal Bonds that are rated not less
than prime-one or A-1 or their equivalents by Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or
Standard & Poors Corporation, respectively, or their successors, and in each
case maturing not more than twenty-seven months from the date of acquisition,
(iv) any repurchase agreement secured by any one or more of the foregoing, (v)
advances to employees for business related expenses to be incurred in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices in an amount not
to exceed $100,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any one time, provided that
advances to any single employee shall not exceed $25,000 in the aggregate
outstanding at any one time, (vi) outstanding advances to employees in the
aggregate amount of $850,000 to cover personal income tax liabilities in
connection with the


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

vesting of restricted equity securities of the Borrower; and (vii) future
advances to employees in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,000,000 to cover
personal income tax liabilities in connection with the grant or vesting of
restricted equity securities of the Borrower.

      Quick Ratio. As of the end of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (x)
Available Cash, plus Eligible Accounts Receivable, but minus any stock and any
assets of Switchboard, to (y) Consolidated Current Liabilities as of the end of
such fiscal quarter.

      Reimbursement Obligation. The Obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the
Issuing Bank and the Lender on account of any drawing under any Letter of Credit
as provided in Section 2A.2.

      Reserve Percentage. For any Interest Period, the aggregate of the maximum
reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental
reserves), expressed as a decimal, established by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System and any other banking authority, domestic or foreign, to
which the Lender is subject with respect to "Eurocurrency Liabilities" (as
defined in regulations issued from time to time by such Board of Governors). The
Reserve Percentage shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective
date of any change in any such reserve percentage without notice or demand of
any kind.

      Responsible Officer. The chief financial officer of the Borrower and any
other officer of the Borrower designated by the chief financial officer to sign
Borrowing Base Reports and Notices of Borrowing or Conversion.

      Restricted Payment. Any dividend, distribution, loan, advance, guaranty,
extension of credit or other payment, whether in cash or property to or for the
benefit of any Person who holds an equity interest in the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, whether or not such interest is evidenced by a security, and any
purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition for value of any capital
stock of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now or hereafter
outstanding, or of any options, warrants or similar rights to purchase such
capital stock or any security convertible into or exchangeable for such capital
stock.

      Revolving Credit Commitment. The maximum dollar amount of credit which the
Lender has agreed to loan to the Borrower as Revolving Credit Loans or make
available to the Borrower pursuant to Letters of Credit upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of this Agreement, initially as set forth on Schedule
1 attached hereto, as the Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment may be modified
pursuant hereto and in effect from time to time.

      Revolving Credit Loans. See Section 2.1(a).

      Revolving Credit Maturity Date. October 6, 2003.

      Revolving Credit Note. See Section 2.2(a).

      Security Agreements. The Borrower Security Agreement and the Guarantors
Security Agreement.


                                      -13-
<PAGE>

      Security Documents. The Security Agreements, the Intellectual Property
Security Documents and the Pledge Agreement, each in favor of the Lender, to
secure Obligations and dated the Closing Date, in each case as amended and/or
restated and in effect from time to time, and any additional documents
evidencing or perfecting the Lender's lien on the Collateral.

      Software.com. Software.com, Inc. a Delaware corporation.

      Subsidiary. With respect to any Person, any corporation, association,
joint stock company, business trust, partnership, limited liability company or
other similar organization of which more than 50% of the ordinary voting power
for the election of a majority of the members of the board of directors or other
governing body of such entity is held or controlled by such Person or a
Subsidiary of such Person; or any other such organization the management of
which is directly or indirectly controlled by such Person or a Subsidiary of
such Person through the exercise of voting power or otherwise; or any joint
venture, whether incorporated or not, in which such Person has more than a 50%
ownership interest provided however, that notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, Switchboard shall not be deemed a Subsidiary of the
Borrower unless and until the Borrower and/or a Subsidiary of the Borrower owns
directly or indirectly 100% of the outstanding equity securities of Switchboard.

      Subsidiary Guaranty. That certain Subsidiary Guaranty, dated as of the
Closing Date from the Guarantors in favor of the Lender.

      Switchboard. Switchboard, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

      Total Revolving Credit Outstandings. At any time, the sum of (i) the
aggregate outstanding principal balance of Revolving Credit Loans at the time,
and (ii) the Maximum Drawing Amount at the time.

      Type. A LIBOR Loan or a Prime Rate Loan.

      1.2. Rules of Interpretation.

            (a) all terms of an accounting character used herein but not defined
herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto by GAAP applied on a consistent
basis. All calculations for the purposes of Section VI hereof shall be made in
accordance with GAAP.

            (b) A reference to any document or agreement shall include such
document or agreement as amended, modified or supplemented and in effect from
time to time in accordance with its terms and the terms of this Agreement.

            (c) The singular includes the plural and the plural includes the
singular. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the
corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.

            (d) A reference to any Person includes its permitted successors and
permitted assigns.


                                      -14-
<PAGE>

            (e) The words "include", "includes" and "including" are not
limiting.

            (f) The words "herein", "hereof", "hereunder" and words of like
import shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
section or subdivision of this Agreement.

            (g) All terms not specifically defined herein or by GAAP that are
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in The Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, shall have the meanings assigned to them in such Uniform
Commercial Code.

                                  SECTION II.

                              DESCRIPTION OF CREDIT

      2.1.  Loans.

            (a) Revolving Credit Loans. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement, and in reliance upon the representations,
warranties and covenants of the Borrower herein, the Lender agrees to make
revolving credit loans (the "Revolving Credit Loans") to the Borrower at the
Borrower's request from time to time from and after the Closing Date and prior
to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, provided that the Total Revolving Credit
Outstandings (after giving effect to all requested Revolving Credit Loans and
Letters of Credit) shall not at any time exceed the lesser of (i) the Borrowing
Base and (ii) the Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay, prepay and
reborrow amounts, up to the limits imposed by this Section 2.1(a), from time to
time between the Closing Date and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date upon
request given to the Lender pursuant to Section 2.3. Each request for a
Revolving Credit Loan or Letter of Credit hereunder shall constitute a
representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions set forth in
Sections 3.1 and 3.2 have been satisfied as of the date of such request.

            (b) LIBOR Loan Limitations. Each LIBOR Loan shall be in a minimum
principal amount of $500,000 or in integral multiples of $100,000 in excess of
such minimum amount. No more than five (5) LIBOR Loans may be outstanding at any
time.

            (c) Conversions. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions and
limitations of this Agreement, the Borrower may convert all or a part of any
outstanding Loan into a Loan of another Type on any Business Day (which, in the
case of a conversion of an outstanding LIBOR Loan shall be the last day of the
Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Loan). The Borrower shall give the
Lender prior notice of each such conversion (which notice shall be effective
upon receipt) in accordance with Section 2.3.

            (d) Termination or Reduction of Commitments.

            (i) The Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate at 5:00 p.m.
      Boston time on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.


                                      -15-
<PAGE>

            (ii) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.6 regarding mandatory
      payments, the Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to
      time upon five (5) Business Days' prior written notice to the Lender to
      reduce by $1,000,000, and in integral multiples of $500,000 if in excess
      thereof, the Revolving Credit Commitment or to terminate entirely the
      Revolving Credit Commitment, whereupon the Revolving Credit Commitment
      shall be reduced by the amount specified in such notice or shall, as the
      case may be, be terminated entirely.

            (iii) If, as a result of any reduction of the Revolving Credit
      Commitment, the Maximum Drawing Amount at the time would exceed the
      Revolving Credit Commitment or the amount of Letters of Credit permitted
      to be outstanding under Sections 2.1(a) and 2A.1(a) hereof, the Borrower
      shall, as a condition precedent to any such reduction, deposit with and
      pledge to the Lender for the benefit of the Lender and the Issuing Bank
      cash in an amount equal to 110% of such excess. If any Letters of Credit
      would remain outstanding after the effective date of termination of the
      Revolving Credit Commitment, in addition to satisfaction of all other
      applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower shall
      deposit with and pledge to the Lender cash in an amount equal to 110% of
      the Maximum Drawing Amount at the effective date of such termination.

            (iv) No reduction or termination of any Commitment may be
      reinstated.

      2.2.  The Note.

            (a) The Revolving Credit Loans shall be evidenced by a promissory
note in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, dated as of the Closing Date
(the "Revolving Credit Note").

            (b) The Borrower irrevocably authorizes the Lender to make or cause
to be made, at or about the time of the Drawdown Date of any Loan or at the time
of receipt of any payment of principal on any Note, an appropriate notation on
its Note Record reflecting (as the case may be) the making of such Loan or the
receipt of such payment. The outstanding amount of the Loans set forth on the
Note Record shall be prima facie evidence of the principal amount thereof owing
and unpaid to the Lender, but the failure to record, or any error in so
recording, any such amount on the Lender's Note Record shall not limit or
otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under any Note to
make payments of principal of or interest on any Note when due.

      2.3.  Notice and Manner of Borrowing or Conversion of Loans.

            (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, whenever the
Borrower desires to obtain or continue a Loan hereunder or convert an
outstanding Loan into a Loan of another Type, the Borrower shall give the Lender
a telephonic notice promptly confirmed by a written Notice of Borrowing or
Conversion, which telephonic notice shall be irrevocable and which must be
received no later than 2:00 p.m. Boston time on the date (i) one Business Day
before the day on which the requested Loan is to be made as or converted to a
Prime Rate Loan, and (ii) three Business Days before the day on which the
requested Loan is to be made or


                                      -16-
<PAGE>

continued as or converted to a LIBOR Loan. Such Notice of Borrowing or
Conversion shall specify (i) the effective date and amount of each Loan or
portion thereof requested to be made, continued or converted, subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 2.1, (ii) the interest rate option requested to
be applicable thereto, and (iii) the duration of the applicable Interest Period,
if any (subject to the provisions of the definition of the term "Interest
Period"). If such Notice fails to specify the interest rate option to be
applicable to the requested Loan, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have
requested a Prime Rate Loan. If the written confirmation of any telephonic
notification differs in any material respect from the action taken by the
Lender, the records of the Lender shall control absent manifest error.

            (b) Subject to the provisions of the definition of the term
"Interest Period" herein, the duration of each Interest Period for a LIBOR Loan
shall be as specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or Conversion. If no
Interest Period is specified in a Notice of Borrowing or Conversion with respect
to a requested LIBOR Loan, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an
Interest Period of one month's duration. If the Lender receives a Notice of
Borrowing or Conversion after the time specified in subsection (a) above, such
Notice shall not be effective. If the Lender does not receive an effective
Notice of Borrowing or Conversion with respect to an outstanding LIBOR Loan, or
if, when such Notice must be given prior to the end of the Interest Period
applicable to such outstanding Loan, the Borrower shall have failed to satisfy
any of the conditions hereof, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to
convert such outstanding Loan in whole into a Prime Rate Loan on the last day of
the then current Interest Period with respect thereto.

      2.4.  Interest Rates and Payments of Interest.

            (a) Each Loan which is a Prime Rate Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate
Prime Rate plus the Applicable Margin, which rate shall change contemporaneously
with any change in the Alternate Prime Rate or the Applicable Margin, as
provided below. Such interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the first
Business Day of each quarter.

            (b) Each Loan which is a LIBOR Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof, for each Interest Period applicable
thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Margin,
which rate shall change with any change in the Applicable Margin, as provided
below. Such interest shall be payable for such Interest Period on the last day
thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than three months, at intervals
of three months after the first day thereof.

            (c) The Applicable Margin and the Leverage Ratio shall be determined
as of the end of each fiscal quarter based upon the quarterly financial
statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b), and any change in the
Applicable Margin shall be effective upon the delivery of such financial
statements, provided, however that during any period when the Borrower has
failed to deliver such quarterly financial statements as required by Section
5.1(b), the Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be greater than 1.00 to 1.00 for
purposes of determining the Applicable Margin.


                                      -17-
<PAGE>

            (d) If an Event of Default shall occur, then at the option of the
Lender (i) Borrower's right to select pricing options shall cease and the unpaid
balance of Loans shall bear interest, to the extent permitted by law, compounded
daily at an interest rate equal to the Prime Rate plus 4% per annum, until such
Event of Default is cured or waived.

            (e) So long as the Lender shall be required under regulations of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any other banking
authority, domestic or foreign, to which the Lender is subject) to maintain
reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including
"Eurocurrency Liabilities" (as defined in regulations issued from time to time
by such Board of Governors), the Borrower shall pay to the Lender additional
interest on the unpaid principal amount of each LIBOR Loan made by the Lender
from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at an
interest rate per annum equal at all times to the remainder (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) obtained by subtracting (i) the LIBOR
Rate for the Interest Period for such LIBOR Loan from (ii) the rate obtained by
dividing such LIBOR Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus the Reserve
Percentage of the Lender for such Interest Period. Such additional interest
shall be determined by the Lender and notified to the Borrower, and shall be
payable on each date on which interest is payable on such LIBOR Loan.

            (f) All agreements between the Borrower and Guarantors and the
Lender are hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event
whatsoever, whether by reason of acceleration of maturity of the Loans or
otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the Lender for the use
or the forbearance of the Loans exceed the maximum permissible under applicable
law. As used in this Section 2.4(f), the term "applicable law" shall mean the
law in effect as of the date hereof; provided, however, that in the event there
is a change in the law which results in a higher permissible rate of interest,
then this Agreement shall be governed by such new law as of its effective date.
In this regard, it is expressly agreed that it is the intent of the Borrower and
the Lender in the execution, delivery and acceptance of this Agreement to
contract in strict compliance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
from time to time in effect. If, under or from any circumstances whatsoever,
fulfillment of any provision hereof or of any of the Loan Documents at the time
of performance of such provision shall be due, shall involve transcending the
limit of such validity prescribed by applicable law, then the obligation to be
fulfilled shall automatically be reduced to the limits of such validity, and if
under or from any circumstances whatsoever the Lender should ever receive as
interest an amount which would exceed the highest lawful rate, such amount which
would be excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of the principal
balance of the Loans and not to the payment of interest. This provision shall
control every other provision of all agreements between the Borrower, the
Guarantors and the Lender.

      2.5.  Fees.

            (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Lender a commitment fee (the
"Commitment Fee"), computed on a daily basis and payable quarterly in arrears on
the first Business Day of each quarter, equal to (i) the excess of (x) the
Revolving Credit Commitment at the time over (y) the Total Revolving
Outstandings at that time, multiplied by (ii) the Applicable Margin (as
determined in accordance with Section 2.4(c)).


                                      -18-
<PAGE>

            (b) The Borrower shall pay to the Lender for the benefit of the
Issuing Bank and the Lender a fee (the "Letter of Credit Fee") at a rate per
annum equal to (i) the Maximum Drawing Amount of each Letter of Credit
multiplied by (ii) the Applicable Margin (as determined in accordance with
Section 2.4(c)). The Letter of Credit Fee shall be paid quarterly in arrears on
the first Business Day of each quarter. In addition, the Borrower shall pay to
the Lender its standard service and setup fees in respect of Letters of Credit.

            (c) Without limiting any of the Lender's other rights hereunder or
by law, if any Loan or any portion thereof or any interest thereon or any other
amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document is not paid within ten
days after its due date, the Borrower shall pay to the Lender on demand a late
payment charge equal to 5% of the amount of the payment due.

            (d) The Borrower shall pay to the Lender, solely for the account of
the Lender, such other fees as the Borrower and the Lender shall agree,
including, without limitation, pursuant to the letter agreement dated September
15, 2000, between the Borrower and the Lender with respect to fees payable to
the Lender.

            (e) The Borrower authorizes the Issuing Bank and the Lender to
charge to its Note Record or to any deposit account which the Borrower may
maintain with any of them the interest, fees, charges, taxes and expenses
provided for in this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other document
executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.

      2.6.  Payments and Prepayments of the Loans.

            (a) On the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, the Borrower shall pay in
full the unpaid principal balance of all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans,
together with all unpaid interest thereon and all fees and other amounts due
with respect thereto.

            (b) If at any time the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings exceed
the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base and (ii) the Revolving Credit Commitment,
the Borrower shall, within 24 hours of the occurrence of such excess, pay the
amount of any such excess to the Lender for application to the Revolving Credit
Loans.

            (c) The LIBOR Loans may be prepaid at any time, subject to the
provisions of Section 2.8, upon three (3) Business Days' notice. Prime Rate
Loans may be prepaid at any time, without premium or penalty, upon one (1)
Business Day's notice. Any such notice of prepayment shall be irrevocable.
Prepayments of Revolving Credit Loans may be reborrowed to the extent provided
in Section 2.1(a).

            (d) The Borrower shall pay to the Lender for application to the
Revolving Credit Loans, as provided in Section 2.7(b) below, an amount equal to
100% of the net cash proceeds of (i) sales of assets of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary of the Borrower (including sales of any securities owned by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower but excluding sales of inventory and
obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business, Qualified
Investments, shares in Switchboard and shares in Software.com) between the
Closing Date and the Revolver Maturity Date, (ii) sales of capital stock of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower if an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing at the time such capital stock is sold, and (iii) insurance
proceeds, damage awards, condemnation awards and eminent domain awards received
by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

Borrower, to the extent such proceeds or awards are not applied to repair or
replace the damaged or taken property to which such proceeds or awards relate
within one year after the receipt thereof.

      2.7.  Method of Payments.

            (a) All payments by the Borrower hereunder and under any of the
other Loan Documents shall be made at the Lender's head office or at such other
location that the Lender may from time to time designate, in each case in lawful
currency of the United States of America in immediately available funds. All
such payments shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and free and clear
of and without deduction for any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees,
deductions, withholdings, compulsory loans, restrictions or conditions of any
nature now or hereafter imposed or levied by any jurisdiction or any political
subdivision thereof or taxing or other authority therein unless the Borrower is
compelled by law to make such deduction or withholding. If any such obligation
is imposed upon the Borrower with respect to any amount payable by it hereunder
or under any of the other Loan Documents, the Borrower will pay to the Lender
such additional amount in U.S. Dollars as shall be necessary to enable the
Lender to receive the same net amount which the Lender would have received on
such due date had no such obligation been imposed upon the Borrower. The
Borrower will deliver promptly to the Lender certificates or other valid
vouchers or other evidence of payment reasonably satisfactory to the Lender for
all taxes or other charges deducted from or paid with respect to payments made
by the Borrower hereunder or under such other Loan Document. The Lender may, and
the Borrower hereby authorizes the Lender to, debit the amount of any payment
not made by such time to the demand deposit accounts of the Borrower with the
Lender or to its Note Record.

            (b) All funds received from or on behalf of the Borrower (including
as proceeds of Collateral) by the Lender or the Issuing Bank in respect of
Obligations, shall be applied by the Lender in the following manner and order:
(i) first, to reimburse the Lender and the Issuing Bank for any amounts payable
pursuant to Sections 10.2 and 10.3 hereof; (ii) second, to the payment of
Commitment Fees, Letter of Credit Fees and any other fees payable hereunder;
(iii) third, to the payment of interest due on the Loans and the Reimbursement
Obligations; (iv) fourth, to the payment of the outstanding principal balance of
the Loans and the Reimbursement Obligations, pro rata to the outstanding
principal balance of each; (v) fifth, to the payment of any other Obligations
payable by the Borrower, pro rata to the outstanding principal balance of each;
and (vi) any remaining funds shall be paid to whoever shall be entitled thereto
or as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct, provided, however, if the
Commitments shall have been terminated or the Obligations shall have been
declared immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 8.2, payments will be
applied to the Obligations as the Lender determines in its sole discretion..

      2.8. Indemnity. If the Borrower for any reason (including, without
limitation, pursuant to Sections 2.6(b), 2.10, 2.11 and 8.2 hereof) makes any
payment of principal with respect to any LIBOR Loan on any day other than the
last day of an Interest Period applicable to


                                      -20-
<PAGE>

such LIBOR Loan, or fails to borrow or continue or convert to a LIBOR Loan after
giving a Notice of Borrowing or Conversion thereof pursuant to Section 2.3, or
fails to prepay a LIBOR Loan after having given notice thereof, the Borrower
shall pay to the Lender any amount required to compensate the Lender for any
additional losses, costs or expenses which it may reasonably incur as a result
of such payment or failure, including, without limitation, any loss (including
loss of anticipated profits), costs or expense incurred by reason of the
liquidation or re-employment of deposits or other funds required by the Lender
to fund or maintain such Loan. The Borrower shall pay such amount upon
presentation by the Lender of a statement setting forth the amount and the
Lender's calculation thereof pursuant hereto, which statement shall be deemed
true and correct absent manifest error. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Borrower shall pay to the Lender a "yield maintenance fee" in an amount computed
as follows: The current rate for United States Treasury securities (bills on a
discounted basis shall be converted to a bond equivalent) with a maturity date
closest to the term of the then applicable Interest Period as to which the
prepayment is made, shall be subtracted from the LIBOR Rate in effect at the
time of prepayment. If the result is zero or a negative number, there shall be
no yield maintenance fee. If the result is a positive number, then the resulting
percentage shall be multiplied by the amount of the principal balance being
prepaid. The resulting amount shall be divided by 360 and multiplied by the
number of days remaining in the term of the then applicable Interest Period as
to which the prepayment is made. Said amount shall be reduced to present value
calculated by using the above referenced United States Treasury securities rate
and the number of days remaining in the term of the then applicable Interest
Period as to which prepayment is made. The resulting amount shall be the yield
maintenance fee due to the Lender upon payment of a LIBOR Loan. If by reason of
an Event of Default, the Lender elects to declare the Notes to be immediately
due and payable, then any yield maintenance fee with respect to a LIBOR Loan
shall become due and payable in the same manner as though the Borrower had
exercised such right of prepayment.

      2.9. Computation of Interest and Fees. Interest and all fees payable
hereunder shall be computed daily on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid
for the actual number of days for which due. If the due date for any payment of
principal is extended by operation of law, interest and fees shall be payable
for such extended time. If any payment required by this Agreement becomes due on
a day that is not a Business Day such payment may be made on the next succeeding
Business Day (subject to the definition of the term "Interest Period"), and such
extension shall be included in computing interest and fees in connection with
such payment.

      2.10. Changed Circumstances; Illegality.

            (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the
      event that:

            (i) on any date on which the LIBOR Rate would otherwise be set the
      Lender shall have determined in good faith (which determination shall be
      final and conclusive) that adequate and fair means do not exist for
      ascertaining the LIBOR Rate, or

            (ii) at any time the Lender shall have determined in its reasonable
      good faith judgment (which determination shall be final and conclusive)
      that:


                                      -21-
<PAGE>

            (A) the making or continuation of or conversion of any Loan to a
      LIBOR Loan has been made impracticable or unlawful by (1) the occurrence
      of a contingency that materially and adversely affects the interbank LIBOR
      market or (2) compliance by the Lender in good faith with any applicable
      law or governmental regulation, guideline or order or interpretation or
      change thereof by any governmental authority charged with the
      interpretation or administration thereof or with any request or directive
      of any such governmental authority (whether or not having the force of
      law); or

            (B) the LIBOR Rate shall no longer represent the effective cost to
      the Lender for U.S. dollar deposits in the interbank market for deposits
      in which it regularly participates;

then, and in any such event, the Lender shall forthwith so notify the Borrower
thereof. Until the Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving
rise to such notice no longer apply, the obligation of the Lender to allow
selection by the Borrower of the Type of Loan affected by the contingencies
described in this Section (herein called "Affected Loans") shall be suspended.
If, at the time the Lender so notifies the Borrower, the Borrower has previously
given the Lender a Notice of Borrowing or Conversion with respect to one or more
Affected Loans but such Loans have not yet gone into effect, such notification
shall be deemed to be a request for Prime Rate Loans.

            (b) In the event of a determination of illegality pursuant to
subsection (a)(ii)(A) above, the Borrower shall, with respect to the outstanding
Affected Loans, prepay the same, together with interest thereon and any amounts
required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.9, on such date as shall be specified
in such notice (which shall not be earlier than the date such notice is given)
and may, subject to the conditions of this Agreement, borrow a Loan of another
Type in accordance with Section 2.1 hereof by giving a Notice of Borrowing or
Conversion pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof.

      2.11. Increased Costs. In case any change made after the Closing Date in
any law, regulation, treaty or official directive or the interpretation or
application thereof by any court or by any governmental authority charged with
the administration thereof or the compliance with any guideline or request of
any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the
force of law):

            (i) subjects the Lender to any tax with respect to payments of
      principal or interest or any other amounts payable hereunder by the
      Borrower or otherwise with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
      (except for taxes on the overall net income of the Lender imposed by the
      United States of America or any political subdivision thereof), or

            (ii) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any deposit insurance,
      reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets held by, or
      deposits in or for the account of, or loans by, the Lender (other than
      such requirements as are already included in the determination of the
      LIBOR Rate), or


                                      -22-
<PAGE>

            (iii) imposes upon the Lender any other condition with respect to
      its obligations or performance under this Agreement or in respect of any
      Letter of Credit,

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the Lender,
reduce the income receivable by the Lender or impose any expense upon the Lender
with respect to any Loans or its obligations under this Agreement or in respect
of any Letter of Credit, the Lender shall notify the Borrower thereof. The
Borrower agrees to pay to the Lender the amount of such increase in cost,
reduction in income or additional expense as and when such cost, reduction or
expense is incurred or determined, upon presentation by the Lender of a
statement in the amount and setting forth in reasonable detail the Lender's
calculation thereof and the assumptions upon which such calculation was based,
which statement shall be deemed true and correct absent manifest error, provided
however, if the Lender fails to give to notify the Borrower within 90 days
following the date such increase in cost, reduction in income or additional
expense is incurred or determined by the Lender, the Borrower shall not be
liable for any such increase in cost, reduction in income or additional expense
arising before the date of the Lender's notification thereof.

      2.12. Capital Requirements. If after the date hereof the Lender determines
that (i) the adoption of or change in any law, rule, regulation or guideline
regarding capital requirements for banks or bank holding companies, or any
change in the interpretation or application thereof by any governmental
authority charged with the administration thereof, or (ii) compliance by the
Lender or its parent bank holding company with any guideline, request or
directive of any such entity regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having
the force of law), has the effect of reducing the return on the Lender's or such
holding company's capital as a consequence of the Lender's Commitment to make
Loans hereunder or its obligations in respect of any Letter of Credit to a level
below that which the Lender or such holding company could have achieved but for
such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration the Lender's or
such holding company's then existing policies with respect to capital adequacy
and assuming the full utilization of such entity's capital) by any amount deemed
by the Lender to be material, then the Lender shall notify the Borrower thereof.
The Borrower agrees to pay to the Lender the amount of such reduction of return
on capital as and when such reduction is determined, payable within 90 days
after presentation by the Lender of a statement in the amount and setting forth
in reasonable detail the Lender's calculation thereof and the assumptions upon
which such calculation was based (which statement shall be deemed true and
correct absent manifest error) unless within such 90 day period the Borrower
shall have prepaid in full all Obligations to the Lender, in which event no
amount shall be payable to the Lender under this Section. In determining such
amount, the Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.

                                  SECTION IIA

                                LETTERS OF CREDIT

      2A.1 Issuance. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, the
Issuing Bank, in reliance upon the representations and warranties of the
Borrower contained herein, agrees to issue letters of credit (the "Letters of
Credit") for the account of the Borrower in such form as may be requested from
time to time by the Borrower and agreed to by the Issuing Bank, provided


                                      -23-
<PAGE>

that the Maximum Drawing Amount (after giving effect to all requested Letters of
Credit) shall not at any time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, provided,
further that the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings (after giving effect to all
requested Revolving Credit Loans and Letters of Credit) shall not at any time
exceed the lesser of (x) the Borrowing Base and (y) the Revolving Credit
Commitment, and provided further that no Letter of Credit shall have an
expiration date later than the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. At least three
(3) Business Days prior to the proposed issuance date of any Letter of Credit,
the Borrower shall deliver to the Issuing Bank a Letter of Credit Application
setting forth the Maximum Drawing Amount of all Letters of Credit (including the
requested Letter of Credit), the requested language of the requested Letter of
Credit and such other information as the Issuing Bank shall require. Each
request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit hereunder shall constitute a
representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions set forth in
Sections 3.1 and 3.2 have been satisfied as of the date of such request. The
letters of credit listed on Schedule 2 shall be deemed for all purposes to be
Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower by the Issuing Bank
pursuant to this Section 2A.1.

      2A.2 Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrower. In order to induce the
Issuing Bank to issue, extend and renew each Letter of Credit, the Borrower
hereby agrees to reimburse or pay to the Lender, for the account of the Issuing
Bank or, as the case may be, the Lender, with respect to each Letter of Credit
issued, extended or renewed by the Issuing Bank hereunder as follows:

            (a) on each date that any draft presented under any Letter of Credit
is honored by the Issuing Bank or the Issuing Bank otherwise makes payment with
respect thereto, (i) the amount paid by the Issuing Bank under or with respect
to such Letter of Credit, and (ii) the amount of any taxes, fees, charges or
other costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Issuing Bank or the Lender
in connection with any payment made by the Issuing Bank under, or with respect
to, such Letter of Credit; and

            (b) upon the Revolving Credit Maturity Date or the acceleration of
the Reimbursement Obligations pursuant to Section 8, an amount equal to 110% of
the then Maximum Drawing Amount of all Letters of Credit, which amount shall be
held by the Issuing Bank as cash collateral for all Reimbursement Obligations.

Each such payment shall be made to the Lender at its head office in immediately
available funds. Interest on any and all amounts remaining unpaid by the
Borrower under this Section 2A.2 at any time from the date such amounts become
due and payable (whether as stated in this Section 2A.2, by acceleration or
otherwise) until payment in full (whether before or after judgment) shall be
payable to the Lender, for the account of Issuing Bank or (as the case may be)
the Lender, on demand at a rate per annum equal to 4% above the interest rate
applicable to Prime Rate Loans at the time in the absence of an Event of
Default.

      2A.3 Letter of Credit Payments. If any draft shall be presented or other
demand for payment shall be made under any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank
shall notify the Borrower of the date and amount of the draft presented or
demand for payment and of the date and time when it expects to pay such draft or
honor such demand for payment. The responsibility of the Issuing


                                      -24-
<PAGE>

Bank to the Borrower shall be only to determine that the documents (including
each draft) delivered under each Letter of Credit in connection with such
presentment shall be in conformity with such Letter of Credit in accordance with
the standards set forth in the Issuing Bank's Letter of Credit Application. On
the date that such draft is paid or other payment is made by the Issuing Bank,
the Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Lender of the amount of any unpaid
Reimbursement Obligation. All such unpaid Reimbursement Obligations with respect
to Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Revolving Credit Loans.

      2A.4  Obligations Absolute.

            (a) The Borrower's Reimbursement Obligations shall be absolute and
unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of the occurrence
of any Default or Event of Default or any condition precedent whatsoever or any
set off, counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower may have or have
had against the Issuing Bank, the Lender or any beneficiary of a Letter of
Credit. The Borrower further agrees that the Issuing Bank and the Lender shall
not be responsible for, and the Borrower's Reimbursement Obligations shall not
be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or
of any endorsements thereon, even if such documents should in fact prove to be
in any or all respects invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or
among the Borrower, the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any financing
institution or other party to which any Letter of Credit may be transferred or
any claims or defenses whatsoever of the Borrower, against the beneficiary of
any Letter of Credit or any such transferee.

            (b) The Issuing Bank and the Lender shall not be liable for any
error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of
any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of
Credit. The Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by the Issuing Bank
or the Lender under or in connection with each Letter of Credit and the related
drafts and documents, if done in good faith, shall be binding upon the Borrower
and shall not result in any liability on the part of the Issuing Bank or the
Lender to the Borrower.

            (b) Nothing contained in Sections 2A.4(a) or (b) shall constitute a
forfeiture of any cause of action the Borrower may have against the Lender or
the Issuing Bank.

      2A.5 Reliance by the Issuing Bank and the Lender. To the extent not
inconsistent with Section 2A.4, the Issuing Bank and the Lender shall be
entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, any Letter of
Credit, draft writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit,
letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement,
order or other document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have
been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and
statements of legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts selected
by the Issuing Bank or the Lender.


                                      -25-
<PAGE>

                                  SECTION III.

                    CONDITIONS OF LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT

      3.1. Conditions Precedent to Initial Loans. The obligation of the Lender
to make the initial Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue the initial Letter of
Credit is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on
or prior to the Closing Date:

            (a) The Lender shall have received the following agreements,
documents, certificates and opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the
Lender and duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto:

            (i)   This Agreement;

            (ii) The Revolving Credit Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit
      A hereto;

            (iii) The Security Documents;

            (iv) UCC-1 Financing Statements covering the Collateral;

            (v) UCC-3 Termination Statements to terminate Encumbrances of
      Persons other than the Lender of record or holders of Permitted
      Encumbrances against the Collateral;

            (vi) Certificates of insurance or insurance binders evidencing
      compliance with Section 5.3 hereof and the applicable provisions of the
      Security Documents;

            (vii) Borrowing Base Report as of the Closing Date;

            (viii) to the extent any new Loan is requested on the Closing Date,
      Notice of Borrowing or Conversion as of the Closing Date;

            (ix) A certificate of the Clerk or an Assistant Clerk of the
      Borrower with respect to resolutions of its Board of Directors authorizing
      the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and identifying the
      officer(s) authorized to execute, deliver and take all other actions
      required under this Agreement, and providing specimen signatures of such
      officer(s);

            (x) The Certificate of Incorporation of the Borrower and all
      amendments and supplements thereto, as filed in the office of the
      Secretary of State of its jurisdiction of formation, certified by said
      Secretary of State as being a true and correct copy thereof;

            (xi) The By-laws of the Borrower and all amendments and supplements
      thereto, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the
      Borrower as being a true and correct copy thereof;


                                      -26-
<PAGE>

            (xii) A certificate of the Secretary of State of Massachusetts as to
      legal existence and good standing of the Borrower in such state;

            (xiii) A certificate of the Secretaries of State of each state in
      which the Borrower is doing business as to the due qualification and good
      standing of the Borrower as a foreign corporation in such states;

            (xiv) An opinion addressed to the Lender from Hale and Dorr LLP,
      counsel to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries;

            (xv) A certificate of the chief financial officer of the Borrower as
      to the accuracy of the Borrower's representations and warranties and such
      other matters as the Lender may request;

            (xvi) receipt of audited financial statements of the Borrower for
      the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 as required by Section 5.1(a); and

            (xvii) Such other documents, instruments, opinions and certificates
      and completion of such other matters, as the Lender may reasonably deem
      necessary or appropriate.

            (b) No litigation, arbitration, proceeding or investigation shall be
pending or threatened which questions the validity or legality of the
transactions contemplated by any Loan Document or seeks a restraining order,
injunction or damages in connection therewith, or which, in the good faith
reasonable judgment of the Lender, might adversely affect the transactions
contemplated hereby or would be reasonably likely to have a materially adverse
affect on the assets, business, financial condition or prospects of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

            (c) All necessary filings and recordings against the Collateral
shall have been completed and the Lender's liens on the Collateral shall have
been perfected, as contemplated by the Security Documents.

            (d) The Borrower shall have paid to the Lender all fees to be paid
hereunder (including pursuant to Section 2.5(d) hereof) on or prior to the
Closing Date.

      3.2. Conditions Precedent to all Loans and Letters of Credit. The
obligation of the Lender to make any Loan, including the initial Loans, or to
continue LIBOR Loans or to convert Prime Rate Loans to LIBOR Loans, and of the
Issuing Bank to issue any Letter of Credit is further subject to the following
conditions:

            (a) timely receipt by the Lender of the most recent Borrowing Base
Report required by Section 5.1(c), with respect to each Revolving Credit Loan,
and the Notice of Borrowing or Conversion with respect to any Loan, or by the
Issuing Bank of the Letter of Credit Application with respect to any Letter of
Credit;


                                      -27-
<PAGE>

            (b) the outstanding Loans and Letters of Credit do not and, after
giving effect to any requested Loan or Letter of Credit, will not exceed the
limitations set forth in Sections 2.1 and 2A.1 hereof;

            (c) the representations and warranties contained in Section IV shall
be true and accurate in all material respects on and as of the date of such
Notice of Borrowing or Conversion or Letter of Credit Application and on the
effective date of the making, continuation or conversion of each Loan or
issuance of each Letter of Credit as though made at and as of each such date
(except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate
to an earlier date);

            (d) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing at the time of and immediately after the making of such requested
Loan or the issuance of such requested Letter of Credit;

            (e) the resolutions referred to in Section 3.1(a)(ix) shall remain
in full force and effect;

            (f) no change shall have occurred in any law or regulation or
interpretation thereof that, in the opinion of counsel for the Lender, would
make it illegal or against the policy of any governmental agency or authority
for the Lender to make Loans hereunder or, in the opinion of counsel for the
Issuing Bank, for the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder (as the
case may be); and

            (g) a commercial financial examination of the Borrower shall have
been conducted by the Lender or its agents pursuant to Section 5.5 with results
satisfactory to the Lender.

      The making, continuation or conversion of each Loan and the issuance of
each Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the
Borrower on the date of the making, continuation or conversion of such Loan or
the issuance of such Letter of Credit as to the accuracy of the facts referred
to in subsections (b) through (e) of this Section 3.2. The Lender may without
waiving the condition set forth in Section 3.2(c) consider such condition
fulfilled, and a representation and warranty by the Borrower to such effect
made, if no written notice to the contrary, dated the date of the making,
continuation or conversion of such Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit is
received from the Borrower. In the event that the Borrower submits a written
notice as contemplated by the preceding sentence, the conditions set forth in
Section 3.2(c) will be considered fulfilled if such notice specifies in detail
the exceptions to the representations and warranties as of the date of such
making, continuation or conversion of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter
of Credit, the exceptions stated in such notice are acceptable to the Lender and
the Lender so notifies to Borrower.


                                      -28-
<PAGE>

                                  SECTION IV.

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      In order to induce the Lender and the Issuing Bank to enter into this
Agreement and to make Loans and to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, the
Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender and the Issuing Bank that except
as set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto:

      4.1. Organization; Qualification; Business.

            (a) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (all of which are
listed in Exhibit C attached hereto), except for the Inactive Subsidiaries, (i)
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of formation, (ii) has all requisite power to own its
property and conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated
and (iii) is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation and is
duly authorized to do business in each jurisdiction (all of which are listed on
Exhibit C attached hereto) where the nature of its properties or business
requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified would
not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, assets
or properties of the Borrower or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole.

            (b) Since the date of the Initial Financial Statement, the Borrower
has continued to engage in substantially the same business as that in which it
was then engaged and is engaged in no unrelated business except as otherwise
expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      4.2. Corporate Authority. The execution, delivery and performance of the
Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby are within the power
and authority of the Borrower and have been authorized by all necessary
corporate proceedings, and do not and will not (a) contravene any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Borrower or any law, rule or
regulation applicable to the Borrower, (b) contravene any provision of, or
constitute an event of default or event that, but for the requirement that time
elapse or notice be given, or both, would constitute an event of default under,
any other material agreement, instrument, order or undertaking binding on the
Borrower, or (c) result in or require the imposition of any Encumbrance on any
of the properties, assets or rights of the Borrower, except in favor of the
Lender and the Issuing Bank.

      4.3. Valid Obligations. The Loan Documents and all of their respective
terms and provisions are the legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Borrower, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms except as
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and except as the
remedy of specific performance or of injunctive relief is subject to the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The
Security Documents have effectively created in favor of the Lender legal, valid
and enforceable security interests in the Collateral and such security interests
are fully perfected first priority security interests junior only to Permitted
Encumbrances.


                                      -29-
<PAGE>

      4.4. Consents or Approvals. The execution, delivery and performance of the
Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein do not require any
approval or consent of, or filing or registration with, any governmental or
other agency or authority, or any other Person (including without limitation any
lessor or lessee of Borrower's properties), except under or as contemplated by
the Security Documents.

      4.5. Title to Properties; Absence of Encumbrances. Each of the Borrower
and the Guarantors has good and marketable title to all of the properties,
assets and rights of every name and nature now purported to be owned by it, and
good and valid leasehold title to all of the properties, assets and rights of
every name and nature now purported to be leased by it, including, without
limitation, such properties, assets and rights as are reflected in the Initial
Financial Statement (except such properties, assets or rights as have been
disposed of in the ordinary course of business since the date thereof or as
otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement), free from all Encumbrances
except Permitted Encumbrances, and, except as so disclosed, free from all
defects of title that might materially adversely affect such properties, assets
or rights, or Borrower's or the Guarantors' operations conducted with respect
thereto, taken as a whole, provided, however, the foregoing representation shall
not apply to the Banyan Intellectual Property. All material leases under which
Borrower or the Guarantors is the lessor or lessee are in full force and effect
and there are no existing defaults or events that with the giving of notice or
passage of time or both could ripen into defaults by either party thereunder
which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, might have a material adverse
effect on the Borrower. No third parties possess any rights with respect to any
of Borrower's or the Guarantors owned or leased properties, the exercise of
which would have a material adverse effect on the Borrower or the Guarantors or
their respective operations, taken as a whole. All real property, if any, owned
or leased by the Borrower is described in Exhibit C hereto.

      4.6. Financial Statements. The Borrower has furnished to the Lender (x)
its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 1999 and its consolidated
statement of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flow for the
fiscal year then ended, and related footnotes, audited and certified by the
Borrower's Accountants and (y) its consolidating balance sheet as of December
31, 1999 and its consolidating statement of income, changes in stockholders'
equity and cash flow for the fiscal year then ended certified by its chief
financial officer. The Borrower has also furnished to the Lender its unaudited
consolidated and consolidating balance sheet as of June 30, 2000 and its
unaudited consolidated and consolidating statements of income, changes in
stockholders' equity and cash flow for the 6 months then ended (the "Initial
Financial Statement"), certified by the principal financial officer of the
Borrower, subject to normal, recurring year-end adjustments that shall not in
the aggregate be material in amount. All such financial statements were prepared
in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
specified and present fairly the financial position of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of such dates and the results of the operations of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries for such periods. At the date hereof, the Borrower has no
Indebtedness or other material liabilities, debts or obligations, whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and whether due or to become due,
including, but not limited to, liabilities or obligations on account of taxes or
other governmental charges, that are not set forth on the Initial Financial
Statement or on Exhibit C hereto.


                                      -30-
<PAGE>

      4.7. Changes. Since the date of the Initial Financial Statement, there
have been no material changes in the assets, liabilities, financial condition,
business or prospects of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other than
changes in the ordinary course of business or as expressly permitted by this
Agreement, the effect of which has not, in the aggregate, been materially
adverse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

      4.8. Solvency. The Borrower has and, after giving effect to the Loans,
will have, assets (both tangible and intangible) having a fair saleable value in
excess of the amount required to pay the probable liability on its then-existing
debts (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or
contingent); the Borrower has and will have access to adequate capital for the
conduct of its business and the discharge of its debts incurred in connection
therewith as such debts mature; the Borrower was not insolvent immediately prior
to the making of the Loans and immediately after giving effect thereto, the
Borrower will not be insolvent.

      4.9. Defaults. As of the date of this Agreement, no Default exists.

      4.10. Taxes. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all (i) federal
and state and, (ii) except where the failure to file any such return would not
have a material adverse effect on the business of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all other tax returns required to be filed, and
all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges due from any of them have
been fully paid, except for such taxes, assessments or charges that are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which (a)
adequate reserves have been established and are being maintained in accordance
with GAAP and (b) no lien has been filed to secure such taxes, assessments or
charges. All such contests at the date hereof are described on Exhibit C hereto.
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not executed any waiver that would have
the effect of extending the applicable statute of limitations in respect of tax
liabilities. Except as disclosed on Exhibit C, the foreign, federal and state
income tax returns of the Borrower and its domestic Subsidiaries, and to the
best of the Borrower's knowledge the foreign Subsidiaries, have not been audited
or otherwise examined by any foreign, federal or state taxing authority and
there are no outstanding deficiencies with respect to such audited returns which
have not been satisfied within 10 Business Days of the assessment of such
deficiency. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have established on their books
reserves adequate for the payment of all federal, state and other tax
liabilities.

      4.11. Litigation. There is no litigation, arbitration, proceeding or
investigation pending, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower's or any
Subsidiary's officers, threatened, against the Borrower or any Subsidiary that,
if adversely determined, may reasonably be expected to result in a material
judgment not fully covered by insurance, may reasonably be expected to result in
a forfeiture of all or any substantial part of the property of the Borrower or
its Subsidiaries, or may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the assets, business or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole.

      4.12. Subsidiaries. All the Subsidiaries of the Borrower are listed on
Exhibit C hereto. The Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower is the owner,
free and clear of all Encumbrances, of all of the issued and outstanding stock
or other equity interest of each Subsidiary. All shares of such stock or other
equity interest have been validly issued and are fully paid and


                                      -31-
<PAGE>

nonassessable, and no rights to subscribe to any additional shares have been
granted, and no options, warrants or similar rights are outstanding.

      4.13. Investment Company Act. Neither the Borrower nor any of its
Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.

      4.14. Compliance. The Borrower and each of the Guarantors have all
necessary permits, approvals, authorizations, consents, variances, licenses,
franchises, registrations and other rights and privileges (including patents,
trademarks, trade names and copyrights) to allow them to own and operate their
respective businesses and properties without any violation of laws, regulations,
authorizations and orders of public authorities (including without limitation
Environmental Laws) or the rights of others except to the extent that any such
violation would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition or operation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;
and the Borrower and each Subsidiary are duly authorized, qualified and licensed
under, and Borrower, its Subsidiaries and all real properties owned or leased by
them are in compliance with, all applicable laws, regulations, authorizations
and orders of public authorities, including, without limitation, Environmental
Laws, except to the extent that any such failure to be so authorized, qualified,
licensed or in compliance would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition or operation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole. The Borrower and each Subsidiary have performed all
obligations required to be performed by it under, and is not in default under or
in violation of, its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or any other
material agreement, lease, mortgage, note, bond, indenture, license or other
instrument or undertaking to which it is a party or by which any of it or any of
its properties are bound, except for violations none of which, either
individually or in the aggregate, would have any material adverse effect on the
business, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

      4.15. ERISA. The Borrower and its ERISA Affiliates are in compliance in
all material respects with ERISA and the provisions of the Code and the
regulations and published interpretations thereunder applicable to the Plans. No
ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, including by reason
of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that,
when taken together with all other such ERISA Events, could reasonably be
expected to result in material liability to the Borrower or any of its ERISA
Affiliates. None of the Plans had any "unfunded benefit liabilities" (within the
meaning of Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA) as of the last annual valuation dates
applicable thereto.

      4.16. Environmental Matters.

            (a) The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all
permits, licenses and other authorizations which are required under all
Environmental Laws, except to the extent failure to have any such permit,
license or authorization would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition or operations of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
the terms and conditions of all such permits, licenses and authorizations, and
are also in compliance with all applicable orders, decrees, judgments and
injunctions, issued, entered, promulgated or approved under any Environmental
Law, except to the extent failure to comply would not have a material


                                      -32-
<PAGE>

adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operations of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

            (b) No written notice, notification, demand, request for
information, citation, summons or order has been issued and is outstanding, no
complaint has been filed, no penalty has been assessed and no investigation or
review is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened by any
governmental or other entity (i) with respect to any alleged failure by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to have any permit, license or authorization
required under any Environmental Law in connection with the conduct of its
business or to comply with any Environmental Laws, or (ii) alleging any
liability on the part of the Borrower or any Subsidiary under any Environmental
Law regarding the presence of any Hazardous Material at, on or under any
property now or previously owned, leased or used by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or any other location to which Hazardous Materials from such
property had been transported or at which they have been disposed of, except to
the extent failure to comply would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition or operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole.

            (c) No material oral or written notification of a release of a
Hazardous Material has been filed by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, and to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, no property now or
previously owned, leased or used by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is
listed or, proposed for listing on the National Priorities List under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as
amended, or on any similar state list of sites requiring investigation or
clean-up.

            (d) To the best of the Borrower's knowledge, there are no
Encumbrances arising under or pursuant to any Environmental Law on any of the
real property or properties owned, leased or used by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries and no governmental actions have been taken or, to the best of the
Borrower's knowledge, are in process which could subject any of such properties
to such liens or Encumbrances or, as a result of which the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries would be required to place any notice or restriction relating
to the presence of Hazardous Materials at any property owned by it in any deed
to such property.

            (e) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the
best knowledge of the Borrower without investigation, any previous owner,
tenant, occupant or user of any property owned, leased or used by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries has (i) engaged in or permitted any operations or
activities upon or any use or occupancy of such property, or any portion
thereof, for the handling, manufacture, treatment, storage, use, generation,
release, discharge, refining, dumping or disposal of any Hazardous Materials on,
under, in or about such property, except to the extent commonly used in
day-to-day operations of such property and in such case only in compliance in
all material respects with all Environmental Laws, or (ii) transported any
Hazardous Materials to, from or across such property except to the extent
commonly used in day-to-day operations of such property and, in such case, in
compliance in all material respects with, all Environmental Laws; nor to the
best knowledge of the Borrower without investigation have any Hazardous
Materials migrated from other properties upon, about or beneath such property,
nor, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, are any Hazardous Materials
presently deposited, stored or otherwise located on, under, in or about such
property


                                      -33-
<PAGE>

except to the extent commonly used in day-to-day operations of such property
and, in such case, in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental
Laws.

      4.17. Restrictions on the Borrower. Neither the Borrower nor any of its
Subsidiaries is party to or bound by any contract, agreement or instrument, nor
subject to any charter or other corporate restriction which will, under current
or foreseeable conditions, materially and adversely affect the business,
property, assets, operations or conditions, financial or otherwise of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

      4.18. Labor Relations. There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint
pending against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the best
knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, before the National Labor Relations
Board, and no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any
collective bargaining agreement is so pending against the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, except for
such complaints, grievances and arbitration proceedings which, if adversely
decided, would not have a material and adverse effect on the condition
(financial or otherwise), properties, business or results of operations of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown or
stoppage pending against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the best
knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for any such labor action as would not have a material and
adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, business
or results of operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) to
the best knowledge of the Borrower, no union representation question exists with
respect to the employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the
best knowledge of the Borrower, no union organizing activities are taking place,
except for any such question or activities as would not have a material and
adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, business
or results of operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

      4.19. Margin Rules. The Borrower does not own or have any present
intention of purchasing or carrying, and no portion of any Loan shall be used
for purchasing or carrying, any "margin security" or "margin stock" as such
terms are used in Regulations T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System.

      4.20. Disclosure. No representation or warranty made by the Borrower in
any Loan Document and no document or information furnished to the Lender by or
on behalf of or at the request of the Borrower in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents contains any untrue statement of
a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in
which they are made.

      4.21. Intellectual Property.

            (a) To the best knowledge of the Borrower, none of the activities or
business conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries infringes, violate or constitutes a misappropriation of (or in the
past infringed, violated or constituted a misappropriation of) any intellectual
property rights or any other Person. The Borrower has not


                                      -34-
<PAGE>

received any complaint, claim or notice alleging any such infringement,
violation or misappropriation, and to the knowledge of the Borrower, there is no
basis for any such complaint, claim or notice.

            (b) The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries own free and clear of
all Encumbrances, or has the valid right to use all Intellectual Property, other
than Banyan Intellectual Property as to which no representation is given under
this Section 4.21(b), used by them in their respective business as currently
conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted except where not having such
rights would not have a material adverse effect on the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole. No other person or entity (other than licensors
of software that is generally commercially available, licensors of Intellectual
Property under the agreements disclosed pursuant to paragraph (d) below and
non-exclusive licensees of the Borrower's or any Subsidiary's Intellectual
Property, other than the Banyan Intellectual Property, in the ordinary course of
the Borrower's or such Subsidiary's business) has any right to any of the
Intellectual Property, other than the Banyan Intellectual Property, owned or
used by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and, to the Borrower's
knowledge, no other person or entity is infringing, violating or
misappropriating any of the Intellectual Property, other than the Banyan
Intellectual Property, that the Borrower owns.

            (c) Exhibit C hereto identifies each (i) patent that has been issued
or assigned to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any of
their respective Intellectual Property, (ii) pending patent application that the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has made with respect to any of their
respective Intellectual Property, (iii) any copyright or trademark registration
or application with respect to the Borrower's or any Subsidiary's Intellectual
Property, and (iv) any material license or other agreements pursuant to which
the Borrower or any Subsidiary has granted any rights to any third party with
respect to any of their respective Intellectual Property, other than the Banyan
Intellectual Property.

            (d) Exhibit C hereto identifies each agreement with a third party
pursuant to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than Inactive
Subsidiaries, has obtained rights to Intellectual Property material to the
business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (other than software that is
generally commercially available) that is owned by a Person other than the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Other than license fees for such software
and software that is generally commercially available, the Borrower is not
obligated to pay any royalties or other compensation to any third party in
respect of its ownership, use or license of any of its Intellectual Property.

                                   SECTION V.

                              AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

      The Borrower covenants that so long as any Loan, Letter of Credit or other
Obligation remains outstanding or the Lender or the Issuing Bank have any
obligation to lend or to issue any Letter of Credit hereunder:

      5.1. Financial Statements. The Borrower shall furnish to the Lender:


                                      -35-
<PAGE>

            (a) as soon as available to the Borrower, but in any event within 90
days after the end of each fiscal year, the Borrower's consolidated and
consolidating balance sheet as of the end of and related consolidated and
consolidating statements of income, retained earnings and cash flow for such
year, prepared in accordance with GAAP and audited and certified by the
Borrower's Accountants in the case of such consolidated statements, and
certified by the chief financial officer of the Borrower in the case of such
consolidating statements; and, concurrently with such financial statements, the
Borrower will use best commercial efforts to obtain a written statement by the
Borrower's Accountants that, in the making of the audit necessary for their
report and opinion upon such financial statements, without the need for any
additional procedures, they have obtained no actual knowledge of any Default or,
if in the opinion of such accountants any such Default exists, they shall
disclose in such written statement the nature and status thereof;

            (b) as soon as available to the Borrower, but in any event within 45
days after the end of each quarter, the Borrower's consolidated and
consolidating balance sheet as of the end of, and related consolidated and
consolidating statements of income, retained earnings and cash flow for, the
quarter then ended and the portion of the year then ended, prepared in
accordance with GAAP and certified by the chief financial officer of the
Borrower, except for lack of footnotes and subject to normal, recurring year-end
adjustments that shall not in the aggregate be material in amount;

            (c) concurrently with the delivery of each financial statement
pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 5.1, a report in
substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto signed on behalf of the Borrower by
its chief financial officer;

            (d) as soon as available, but in any event within 21 days after (i)
the end of each month if there are any Loans outstanding or (ii) the end of each
quarter otherwise, a Borrowing Base Report, together with such other information
regarding Accounts Receivable as the Lender may require;

            (e) within 60 days following the first day of each fiscal year, the
Borrower's projections for such fiscal year, prepared on a monthly basis and
including consolidated balance sheets and statements of income, retained
earnings and cash flows;

            (f) promptly after the receipt thereof by the Borrower, copies of
any reports (including any so-called management letters) submitted to the
Borrower by independent public accountants in connection with any annual or
interim review of the accounts of the Borrower made by such accountants;

            (g) promptly after the same are delivered to its stockholders or the
Securities and Exchange Commission, copies of all proxy statements, financial
statements and reports as the Borrower shall send to its stockholders or as the
Borrower may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
governmental authority at any time having jurisdiction over the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries;


                                      -36-
<PAGE>

            (h) within 21 days after the end of each quarter, an Accounts
Receivable aging report in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender; and

            (i) from time to time, such other financial data and information
about the Borrower or its Subsidiaries as the Lender may reasonably request.

      5.2. Conduct of Business. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall:

            (a) duly observe and comply in all material respects with all laws,
regulations, decrees, orders, judgments and valid requirements of any
governmental authorities applicable to (i) its corporate existence, rights and
franchises (other than Inactive Subsidiaries) and (ii) except where a failure to
do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
effect on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as whole, the conduct of its
business and to its property and assets (including without limitation all
Environmental Laws and ERISA), and shall maintain and keep in full force and
effect and comply in all material respects with all licenses and permits
necessary to the proper conduct of its business except where a failure to do so
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as whole;

            (b) maintain its existence and remain or engage substantially in the
same business as that in which it is now engaged and in no unrelated business
other than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      5.3. Maintenance and Insurance.

            (a) The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, other than Inactive
Subsidiaries, shall maintain their properties, other than the Banyan
Intellectual Property, in good repair, working order and condition as required
for the normal conduct of their business.

            (b) The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall at all times
maintain liability and casualty insurance on its properties (including all
Collateral) with financially sound and reputable insurers in such amounts and
with such coverages, endorsements, deductibles and expiration dates as the
managers of the Borrower in the exercise of their reasonable judgment deem to be
adequate, as are customary in the industry for companies of established
reputation engaged in the same or similar business and owning or operating
similar properties and as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Lender. The
Lender shall be named as loss payee, additional insured and/or mortgagee under
such insurance as the Lender shall require from time to time, and the Borrower
shall provide to the Lender loss payable endorsements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Lender. In addition, the Lender shall be given
thirty (30) days advance notice of any cancellation of insurance. In the event
of failure to provide and maintain insurance as herein provided, the Lender may,
at its option, provide such insurance and charge the amount thereof to the
Borrower as a Revolving Credit Loan. The Borrower shall furnish to the Lender
certificates or other evidence satisfactory to the Lender of compliance with the
foregoing insurance provisions. The Lender shall not, by the fact of approving,
disapproving or accepting any such insurance, incur any liability for the form
or legal sufficiency of insurance


                                      -37-
<PAGE>

contracts, solvency of insurance companies or payment of law suits, and the
Borrower hereby expressly assumes full responsibility therefor and liability, if
any, thereunder.

      5.4. Taxes. The Borrower shall pay or cause to be paid all taxes,
assessments or governmental charges on or against it or any of its Subsidiaries
or its or their properties on or prior to the time when they become due; except
for any tax, assessment or charge that is being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been
established and are being maintained in accordance with GAAP if no Encumbrance
shall have been filed to secure such tax, assessment or charge.

      5.5. Inspection. The Borrower shall permit the Lender and its designees,
at any reasonable time and on a semi-annual basis, and upon reasonable notice
(or if a Default shall have occurred and is continuing, at any time and without
prior notice), to (i) visit and inspect the properties of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, (ii) examine and make copies of and take abstracts from the books
and records of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (iii) discuss the affairs,
finances and accounts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with their
appropriate officers, employees and accountants, all at the expense of the
Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower will
permit periodic reviews (as determined by the Lender) of the books and records
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to be carried out by the Lender's
commercial finance examiners. The Borrower shall also cooperate with the Lender
to arrange for verification of Accounts Receivable, under reasonable procedures.

      5.6. Maintenance of Books and Records. The Borrower and each of its
Subsidiaries shall keep adequate books and records of account, in which true and
complete entries will be made reflecting all of its business and financial
transactions in accordance with GAAP and applicable law.

      5.7. Use of Proceeds.

            (a) The Borrower will use the proceeds of Loans solely for the
working capital needs of the Borrower, including payment of the costs and
expenses of the transactions contemplated hereby.

            (b) No portion of any Loan shall be used for the "purpose of
purchasing or carrying" any "margin stock" or "margin security" as such terms
are used in Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, or otherwise in violation of such regulations.

      5.8. Further Assurances. At any time and from time to time the Borrower
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, execute and deliver such
further documents and take such further action as may reasonably be requested by
the Lender to effect the purposes of the Loan Documents.

      5.9. Notification Requirements. The Borrower shall furnish to the Lender:


                                      -38-
<PAGE>

            (a) promptly upon becoming aware of the existence of any condition
or event that constitutes a Default, written notice thereof specifying the
nature and duration thereof and the action being or proposed to be taken with
respect thereto;

            (b) promptly upon becoming aware of any litigation or of any
investigative proceedings by a governmental agency or authority commenced or
threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of which they have
notice, the outcome of which would or is likely to have a materially adverse
effect on the assets, business or prospects of the Borrower alone or the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, written notice thereof and the
action being or proposed to be taken with respect thereto; and

            (c) promptly after any occurrence or after becoming aware of any
condition affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary which is likely to constitute
a material adverse change in or which is likely to have a material adverse
effect on the business, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Borrower alone or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, written
notice thereof.

      5.10. ERISA Reports; Compliance.

            (a) Each Plan shall comply in all material respects with ERISA and
the Code, except to the extent failure to comply in any instance would not have
a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operations of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

            (b) With respect to any Plan, the Borrower shall, or shall cause its
ERISA Affiliates to, furnish to the Lender promptly (i) as soon as possible and
in any event within 10 days after the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates
knows that any material ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur, a
statement of the chief financial officer of the Borrower describing such ERISA
Event, including copies of any notice concerning such ERISA Event received from
the PBGC, a plan administrator, or from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor, and the
action, if any, the Borrower or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with
respect thereto; and (ii) promptly after filing thereof, a copy of the annual
report of each Pension Plan (Form 5500 or comparable form) required to be filed
with the IRS and/or the Department of Labor. Promptly after the adoption of any
Pension Plan, the Borrower shall notify the Lender of such adoption.

      5.11. Environmental Compliance.

            (a) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries will comply with all
Environmental Laws, except where failure to comply would not have a material
adverse effect on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in all
jurisdictions in which any of them operates now or in the future.

            (b) If the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) receive notice that
any material violation of any Environmental Law may have been committed or is
about to be committed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) receive notice
that any administrative or judicial complaint or order has been filed or is
about to be filed against the Borrower or any Subsidiary alleging a material
violation of any Environmental Law requiring the Borrower or any Subsidiary to
take


                                      -39-
<PAGE>

any action in connection with the release of Hazardous Materials into the
environment, (iii) receive any notice from a federal, state or local government
agency or private party alleging that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may be
liable or responsible for any material amount of costs associated with a
response to or cleanup of a release of Hazardous Materials into the environment
or any damages caused thereby, (iv) become aware of any investigative action or
proceedings by a governmental agency or authority commenced or threatened
against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries regarding any potential
violation of Environmental Laws or any spill, release, discharge or disposal of
any Hazardous Material or (v) notify any governmental agency or authority
regarding any potential violation of Environmental Laws or any spill, release,
discharge or disposal of any Hazardous Material by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary which is reasonably expected to result in a liability that will have
a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operations of
the Borrower or its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, the Borrower shall promptly
notify the Lender thereof (together with a copy of any such notice) and of any
action being or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and thereafter shall
continue to furnish to the Lender all further notices, demands, reports and
other information regarding the foregoing.

            (c) Within fifteen (15) days after the Borrower or any Subsidiary
has learned of the enactment or promulgation of any Environmental Law which may
result in any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise,
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, the Borrower or such Subsidiary shall provide
the Lender with notice thereof.

      5.12. Inactive Subsidiaries. In the event that any Inactive Subsidiary
shall at any time have (i) assets with a fair market value of $100,000 or more
and (ii) $25,000 or more in revenues for the immediately preceding consecutive
12 month period, such Inactive Subsidiary shall cease to be an Inactive
Subsidiary. The Borrower shall immediately notify the Lender that such Inactive
Subsidiary has ceased to be an Inactive Subsidiary and shall cause each such
domestic Inactive Subsidiary to become a Guarantor hereunder and to execute and
deliver to the Lender an Instrument of Adherence to the Subsidiary Guaranty, a
Guarantor Security Agreement, and such further documents and take such further
action as may reasonably be requested by the Lender.

                                  SECTION VI.

                               FINANCIAL COVENANTS

      The Borrower covenants that so long as any Loan, Letter of Credit or other
Obligation remains outstanding or the Lender or the Issuing Bank have any
obligation to make any Loan or issue any Letter of Credit hereunder:

      6.1. Consolidated Net Worth. The Borrower shall at all times maintain
Consolidated Net Worth of not less than $100,000,000, plus (a) 100% of the net
proceeds of any additional paid in capital or other equity investments or the
proceeds of the issuance and sale of any common or preferred stock of the
Borrower, in each case received from and after the date hereof, plus (b) 80% of
Consolidated Net Income for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2000, and for each
fiscal quarter thereafter (for purposes of this clause (b), only positive
Consolidated Net Income shall be included and any net losses shall be
disregarded), minus (c) the lesser of (i) the


                                      -40-
<PAGE>

loss resulting from the Borrower's current Eligible Equity Derivative Contract
with respect to Software.com and (ii) $6,000,000.

      6.2. Leverage Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit at any time the
Leverage Ratio to exceed 1.00 to 1.00 (as determined at the end of each fiscal
quarter)

      6.3. Interest Coverage. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of EBITDA
to Interest Expense for any four consecutive fiscal quarters ending in the
following fiscal quarters (as determined at the end of each fiscal quarter for
the four quarters then ended, taken as a single fiscal period) to be less than
(i) 2.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2001 through the fiscal
quarter ending September 30, 2001 and (ii) 3.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter
ending December 31, 2001 and all fiscal quarters thereafter.

      6.4. Quick Ratio. The Borrower shall at all times maintain a Quick Ratio
of not less than 2.00 to 1.00 (as determined at the end of each fiscal quarter).

                                  SECTION VII.

                               NEGATIVE COVENANTS

      The Borrower covenants that so long as any Loan, Letter of Credit or other
Obligation remains outstanding or the Lender or the Issuing Bank have any
obligation to make any Loan or to issue any Letter of Credit hereunder:

      7.1. Indebtedness. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
create, incur, assume, guarantee or be or remain liable with respect to any
Indebtedness other than the following:

            (a) Obligations;

            (b) Indebtedness existing as of the date of this Agreement and
disclosed on Exhibit C hereto and renewals and refinancings thereof, but not any
increase in the principal amounts thereof;

            (c) Indebtedness for taxes, assessments or governmental charges to
the extent that payment therefor shall at the time not be required to be made in
accordance with Section 5.4;

            (d) current liabilities on open account for the purchase price of
services, materials and supplies incurred by the Borrower in the ordinary course
of business (not as a result of borrowing), so long as all of such open account
Indebtedness shall be promptly paid and discharged when due or in conformity
with customary trade terms and practices, except for any such open account
Indebtedness which is being contested in good faith by the Borrower, as to which
adequate reserves required by GAAP have been established and are being
maintained and as to which no Encumbrance has been placed on any property of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, unless, but only so long as, enforcement of
such Encumbrance has been stayed;


                                      -41-
<PAGE>

            (e) Indebtedness directly relating to Capital Expenditures incurred
in the ordinary course of business and renewals and refinancings thereof,
provided (i) that the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness (including, without
limitation, any such Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.1(b)), other
than with respect to capital leases, does not exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate
at any time outstanding, and (ii) that the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness
with respect to capital leases (including, without limitation, any such
Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.1(b)), does not exceed $3,000,000
in the aggregate at any time outstanding;

            (f) Guarantees permitted under Section 7.2 hereof; and

            (g) Interest Rate Contracts, Equity Derivative Contracts and Foreign
Currency Contracts undertaken by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices.

      7.2. Contingent Liabilities. Neither the Borrower nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall create, incur, assume, guarantee or be or remain liable with
respect to any Guarantees other than (i) Guarantees existing on the date of this
Agreement and disclosed on Exhibit C hereto, (ii) Guarantees resulting from the
endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary
course of business, and (iii) Guarantees by the Borrower of obligations of its
Subsidiaries not to exceed in the aggregate at any time outstanding, an amount
equal to $5,000,000 minus the total amount of Investments at any time
outstanding permitted pursuant to Section 7.7(i)(x) of this Agreement.

      7.3. Encumbrances. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, security
interest, lien or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, including the lien or
retained security title of a conditional vendor upon or with respect to any of
its property or assets ("Encumbrances"), or assign or otherwise convey any right
to receive income, including the sale or discount of Accounts Receivable with or
without recourse, except the following ("Permitted Encumbrances"):

            (a) Encumbrances in favor of the Lender or the Issuing Bank to
secure Obligations;

            (b) Encumbrances existing as of the date of this Agreement and
disclosed in Exhibit C hereto;

            (c) Encumbrances securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1(e),
provided that (i) each such Encumbrance is given solely to secure the purchase
price of the property acquired, does not extend to any other property and is
given at the time of acquisition of the property, and (ii) the Indebtedness
secured thereby does not exceed the lesser of the cost of such property or its
fair market value at the time of acquisition;

            (d) liens for taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental
charges to the extent that payment of the same may be postponed or is not
required in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.4;


                                      -42-
<PAGE>

            (e) landlords' and lessors' liens in respect of rent not in default
or liens in respect of pledges or deposits under workmen's compensation,
unemployment insurance, social security laws, or similar legislation (other than
ERISA) or in connection with appeal and similar bonds incidental to litigation;
mechanics', warehouseman's, laborers' and materialmen's and similar liens, if
the obligations secured by such liens are not then delinquent; liens securing
the performance of bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of
money); and liens securing statutory obligations or surety, indemnity,
performance, or other similar bonds incidental to the conduct of the Borrower's
or a Subsidiary's business in the ordinary course and that do not in the
aggregate materially detract from the value of its property or materially impair
the use thereof in the operation of its business;

            (f) judgment liens securing judgments that (i) are not fully covered
by insurance, and (ii) shall not have been in existence for a period which is
the longer of (i) 30 days after the creation thereof, or (ii) if a stay of
execution shall have been obtained within 30 days of entry of such judgment, the
expiration of such stay;

            (g) rights of lessors under capital leases to the extent such
capital leases are permitted under Section 7.1(e);

            (h) easements, rights of way, restrictions and other similar charges
or Encumbrances relating to real property and not interfering in a material way
with the ordinary conduct of the Borrower's business; and

            (i) liens constituting a renewal, extension or replacement of any
Permitted Encumbrance.

            (j) Encumbrances on the Borrower's holdings of common stock in
Switchboard, Software.com or any non-Affiliate Person in connection with Equity
Derivative Contracts entered into by the Borrower.

      7.4.  Consolidation, Merger or Acquisition, Dispositions.

            (a) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall merge or
consolidate with or into any other Person, or make any acquisition of the
business or assets of any other Person except: (i) any Subsidiary of the
Borrower which is a Guarantor may merge into the Borrower or any wholly-owned
Subsidiary of the Borrower which is a Guarantor; (ii) Investments to the extent
permitted by Section 7.7 hereof; and (iii) Permitted Acquisitions. For purposes
hereof a "Permitted Acquisition" is an acquisition which satisfies the following
requirements: (A) if it involves an asset purchase, stock purchase or a merger
or consolidation, upon the consummation of which the surviving or acquired party
shall be the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower which is a Guarantor; (B)
at the time of such acquisition and after giving effect thereto on a pro forma
basis no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (C) is not
hostile or contested; (D) the acquisition shall be financed entirely with cash
and/or common stock (or options exercisable into common stock) of the Borrower
and (E) the conditions set forth in Section 7.4(b) hereof shall have been
satisfied with respect to the proposed acquisition.


                                      -43-
<PAGE>

            (b) In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 7.4(a), the
following additional conditions must be satisfied with respect to each Permitted
Acquisition involving an aggregate acquisition price in excess of Five Million
Dollars ($5,000,000):

            (i) At least 90% of the business of each business or Person to be
      acquired shall be in the same or a related line of business to the then
      current businesses conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, shall
      be organized in and conduct its business operations primarily in the
      United States and shall have EBITDA with adjustments for certain one-time
      savings reasonably acceptable to the Lender for the twelve months
      immediately preceding the proposed acquisition date greater than $1.00;

            (ii) The amount of (x) cash consideration in connection with all
      acquisitions shall not exceed Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000) in the
      aggregate and (y) common stock consideration in connection with all
      acquisitions shall not exceed Forty-Five Million ($45,000,000) in the
      aggregate;

            (iii) (x) All necessary consents, approvals, licenses, permissions,
      registrations or validations ("Consents") of any governmental authority
      and (y) all Consents of any other Person, required for the consummation of
      the proposed acquisition shall have been obtained and shall be in full
      force and effect except for such Consents which in the reasonable business
      judgment of the Borrower will not, individually or in the aggregate, have
      a material adverse effect on the Borrower or its Subsidiaries taken as a
      whole;

            (iv) Not less than five (5) Business Days prior to closing, the
      Borrower shall have provided the Lender with copies of the following: (A)
      a pro forma report in the form of Exhibit D hereto to the Lender which
      shall demonstrate that on a pro forma basis and after giving effect to the
      proposed acquisition that the Borrower will be in compliance with the
      financial covenants set forth in Section 6 hereof; (B) the draft
      acquisition agreement for such proposed acquisition; (C) the financial
      statements of the target entity (audited or reviewed to the extent
      available); (D) financial projections for the target entity (if
      available); and (E) due diligence summaries (if available) provided,
      however, that the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender such additional
      information or documents as the Lender shall reasonably request, provided
      that any such additional request shall not extend or delay the running of
      the aforementioned five (5) Business Day period; and

            (v) Each new Subsidiary of the Borrower formed to make such
      acquisition and each Person to be acquired which becomes a Subsidiary of
      the Borrower shall agree to become a Guarantor of the Obligations and
      shall have executed such instruments in connection therewith as the Lender
      and its counsel shall reasonably request, including without limitation an
      Instrument of Adherence to the Subsidiary Guaranty and a Guarantor
      Security Agreement;

            (c) In the event a proposed acquisition fails to meet any of the
requirements for a Permitted Acquisition set forth in Section 7.4(b), the
Borrower may request the consent thereto of the Lender in the exercise of its
sole discretion, which consent shall be granted or


                                      -44-
<PAGE>

denied as soon as reasonably possible (but in no event later than two weeks
after the date on which the Lender shall have received copies of the items
listed in Section 7.4(b)(iv)).

            (d) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to,
sell, lease (as lessor) or otherwise dispose of any assets or properties, other
than (i) sales of Qualified Investments and obsolete or worn out equipment, in
each case in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices
and (ii) the Banyan Intellectual Property Disposition

      7.5. Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to issue any additional shares of its capital stock or other equity securities,
any options therefor or any securities convertible thereto, other than to the
Borrower. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of any of the capital stock or other equity securities of a
Subsidiary, except to the Borrower or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries. The
Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create or
otherwise suffer to exist any consensual Encumbrances or restrictions on the
ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make any other distributions on
its equity interests held by the Borrower or pay any Indebtedness owed to the
Borrower or any Subsidiary or to make loans or advances or transfer any of its
assets to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary.

      7.6. Restricted Payments. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall pay, make, declare or authorize any Restricted Payment other than:

                  (i) compensation paid to employees, officers and directors in
            the ordinary course of business and consistent with prudent business
            practices (including, without limitation, equity incentives under
            the Borrower's stock plans, loans made in connection with such stock
            plans and the Borrower's performance management plan);

                  (ii) dividends payable solely in common stock;

                  (iii) dividends paid by any Subsidiary to the Borrower.

      7.7. Investments; Purchases of Assets. Neither the Borrower nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall make or maintain any Investments or purchase or otherwise
acquire any material amount of assets other than:

            (i) Investments in Subsidiaries, provided, that (x) Investments,
      other than short term Investments made in the ordinary course of business
      and consistent with past practices, in Subsidiaries other than the
      Guarantors shall not exceed $5,000,000 per annum in the aggregate and (y)
      all Investments in Subsidiaries other than the Guarantors (including
      Investments permitted under clause (x) above), shall not exceed
      $10,000,000 per annum in the aggregate, provided however, the dollar
      limits set forth in clauses (x) and (y) above shall be reduced by the
      aggregate amount of outstanding Guarantees permitted pursuant to Section
      7.2 of this Agreement;

            (ii) Qualified Investments;


                                      -45-
<PAGE>

            (iii) Capital Expenditures provided (i) that the aggregate amount of
      such Capital Expenditures, other than with respect to capital leases, do
      not exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate per annum, and (ii) that the
      aggregate amount of such Capital Expenditures with respect to capital
      leases does not exceed $3,000,000 in the aggregate at any time
      outstanding;

            (iv) purchases of inventory in the ordinary course of business;

            (v) normal trade credit extended in the ordinary course of business
      and consistent with prudent business practice;

            (vi) investments in information technology consulting and service
      companies in similar lines of business as the Borrower as long as no Event
      of Default has occurred and is continuing or could reasonably be expected
      to arise therefrom, provided that the aggregate amount of such investments
      do not exceed the greater of (i) $15,000,000 in cash and (ii) 10% of
      Consolidated Net Worth, in the aggregate at any time outstanding; and

            (vii) Permitted Acquisitions.

      7.8. ERISA Compliance. Neither the Borrower nor any of its ERISA
Affiliates nor any Plan shall (i) engage in any Prohibited Transaction which
would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or
operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) incur any
material "accumulated funding deficiency" (within the meaning of Section 412(a)
of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, (iii) permit to
exist any material amount of "unfunded benefit liabilities" (within the meaning
of Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), (iv) terminate any Pension Plan in a manner
which could result in the imposition of a lien on any property of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) fail to make any required contribution to any
Multiemployer Plan or (vi) completely or partially withdraw from a Multiemployer
Plan if such complete or partial withdrawal will result in any material
withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA.

      7.9. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any
purchase, sale, lease, loan or other transaction with any Affiliate except (i)
transactions in the ordinary course of business on terms that are no less
favorable to the Borrower than those which might be obtained at the time in a
comparable arm's-length transaction with any Person who is not an Affiliate
(including without limitation, Switchboard); and (ii) employment contracts with
senior management of the Borrower entered into in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with prudent business practices. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to,
directly or indirectly, pay any management, consulting, overhead, indemnity,
guarantee or other similar fee or charge to any Affiliate.

      7.10. Fiscal Year. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not change
their fiscal years without the prior written consent of the Lender.


                                      -46-
<PAGE>

                                 SECTION VIII.

                                    DEFAULTS

      8.1. Events of Default. There shall be an Event of Default hereunder if
any of the following events occurs:

            (a) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to pay any principal
of any Loan, any Reimbursement Obligation or any interest, fees or other amounts
owing by it under any Loan Document or in respect of any Obligation when the
same shall become due and payable, whether at maturity or at any accelerated
date of maturity or at any other date fixed for payment; or

            (b) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to perform or comply
with any term, covenant or agreement applicable to it contained in Sections
5.2(b), 5.5, 5.7, 5.9(a), 6 and 7 (other than Section 7.8 and 7.10) of this
Agreement; or

            (c) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to perform or comply
with any term, covenant or agreement applicable to it (other than as specified
in subsections 8.1(a) or (b) hereof) contained in this Agreement or any other
Loan Document and such default shall continue for ten (10) days;

            (d) any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, notice or other
writing delivered hereunder or thereunder shall prove to have been false in any
material respect upon the date when made or deemed to have been made; or

            (e) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay when
due (after any applicable period of grace) any amount payable (i) under any
Indebtedness exceeding $400,000 in principal amount or (ii) under any agreement
for the use of real or personal property requiring aggregate payments in excess
of $350,000 in any twelve month period, or fail to observe or perform any term,
covenant or agreement evidencing or securing such Indebtedness or relating to
such agreement for the use of real or personal property; or

            (f) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) apply for or
consent to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver,
custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official of itself or of all or a
substantial part of its property, (ii) be generally not paying its debts as such
debts become due, (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its
creditors, (iv) commence a voluntary case under the United States Bankruptcy
Code (as now or hereafter in effect), (v) take any action or commence any case
or proceeding under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
winding-up or composition or adjustment of debts, or any other law providing for
the relief of debtors, (vi) fail to contest in a timely or appropriate manner,
or acquiesce in writing to, any petition filed against it in an involuntary case
under the United States Bankruptcy Code or other law, (vii) take any action
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization similar to
any of the foregoing, or (viii) take any corporate action for the purpose of
effecting any of the foregoing; or


                                      -47-
<PAGE>

            (g) a proceeding or case shall be commenced against the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, without the application or consent of such Borrower or
such Subsidiary in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking (i) the
liquidation, reorganization, dissolution, winding up, or composition or
readjustment of its debts, (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
custodian, liquidator or the like of it or of all or any substantial part of its
assets, or (iii) similar relief in respect of it, under any law relating to
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up or composition or adjustment
of debts or any other law providing for the relief of debtors, and such
proceeding or case shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a
period of 30 days; or an order for relief shall be entered in an involuntary
case under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, against the Borrower or such Subsidiary;
or action under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries similar to any of the foregoing shall be
taken with respect to the Borrower or such Subsidiary and shall continue
unstayed and in effect for a period of 30 days; or

            (h) a judgment or order for the payment of money shall be entered
against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by any court, or a warrant of
attachment or execution or similar process shall be issued or levied against
property of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, that in the aggregate exceeds
$400,000 in value, the payment of which is not fully covered by insurance in
excess of any deductibles not exceeding $50,000 in the aggregate, and such
judgment, order, warrant or process shall continue undischarged or unstayed for
30 days; or

            (i) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate shall fail to pay when due
any material amount that they shall have become liable to pay to the PBGC or to
a Plan under Title IV of ERISA, unless such liability is being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings, the Borrower or the ERISA Affiliate, as the
case may be, has established and is maintaining adequate reserves in accordance
with GAAP and no lien shall have been filed to secure such liability; or the
PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate or to
cause a trustee to be appointed to administer any such Plan or Plans; or a
condition shall exist by reason of which the PBGC would be entitled to obtain a
decree adjudicating that any such Plan or Plans must be terminated; or

            (j) any of the Loan Documents shall be canceled, terminated, revoked
or rescinded otherwise than in accordance with the express terms thereof or with
the express prior written agreement, consent or approval of the Lender, or any
action at law or in equity or other legal proceeding to cancel, revoke or
rescind any Loan Document shall be commenced by or on behalf of the Borrower, or
any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency of competent
jurisdiction shall make a determination that, or shall issue a judgment, order,
decree or ruling to the effect that, any one or more of the Loan Documents is
illegal, invalid or unenforceable in accordance with the terms thereof; or

            (k) the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall fail at any time to own
more than a majority of the equity interests of each of its Subsidiaries and to
have the unrestricted ability to exercise voting and management control of each
of its Subsidiaries.

      8.2. Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in
subsections 8.1(f) and (g), immediately and automatically, and upon the
occurrence of any other Event of


                                      -48-
<PAGE>

Default, at any time thereafter while such Event of Default is continuing, at
the option of the Lender and upon the Lender's declaration:

            (a) the obligation of the Lender to make any further Loans and of
the Issuing Bank to issue any Letters of Credit hereunder shall terminate;

            (b) the unpaid principal amount of the Loans together with accrued
interest, all Reimbursement Obligations and all other Obligations shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or further
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived; and

            (c) the Lender and the Issuing Bank may exercise any and all rights
they have under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or at law or in equity,
and proceed to protect and enforce their respective rights by any action at law
or in equity or by any other appropriate proceeding.

No remedy conferred upon the Lender or the Issuing Bank in the Loan Documents is
intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every remedy shall be
cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now
or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or by any other
provision of law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or of any of
the terms and provisions of any of the Security Documents, if and when the
Lender exercises remedies under the Security Documents with respect to
Collateral, the Lender may, in its sole discretion, determine which items and
types of Collateral to dispose of and in what order and may dispose of
Collateral in any order the Lender shall select in its sole discretion, and the
Borrower consents to the foregoing and waives all rights of marshalling with
respect to all Collateral.

                                  SECTION IX.

                          ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATION

      9.1.  Assignment.

            (a) Fleet shall have the right to assign at any time all or any
portion of its Commitment hereunder and its interests in the risk relating to
any Loans in an amount equal to or greater than $1,000,000 to other banks or
financial institutions (each an "Assignee") provided that if no Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Assignee which is not an
Affiliate of Fleet or a Federal Reserve Bank shall be subject to prior approval
by the Borrower (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Each
Assignee shall execute and deliver to Fleet and the Borrower a joinder
agreement. Upon the execution and delivery of such joinder agreement, (a) such
Assignee shall, on the date and to the extent provided in such joinder
agreement, become a "Lender" party to this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and
shall have all rights and obligations of a "Lender" with a Commitment as set
forth in such joinder agreement, and Fleet shall, on the date and to the extent
provided in such joinder agreement, be released prospectively from its
obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to a


                                      -49-
<PAGE>

corresponding extent (and, in the case of an assignment covering all of the
remaining portion of Fleet's rights and obligations under this Agreement, Fleet
shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the
benefits of Section 10.3 and to any fees accrued for its account hereunder and
not yet paid); (b) the assigning Lender, if it holds any Notes, shall promptly
surrender such Notes to the Borrower for cancellation, provided that if Fleet
has retained any Commitment, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to Fleet new
Notes in the amount of its retained Commitment; (c) the Borrower shall issue to
such Assignee Notes in the amount of such Assignee's Commitment, dated the
Closing Date or such other date as may be specified by such Assignee and
otherwise completed in substantially the form of Exhibit A; (d) this Agreement
shall be deemed appropriately amended to reflect (i) the status of such Assignee
as a party hereto and (ii) the status and rights of the Lenders hereunder; and
(e) the Borrower shall take such action as Fleet may reasonably request to
perfect any security interests or mortgages in favor of the Lenders.

            (b) If the Assignee, or any Participant pursuant to Section 9.2
hereof, is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United
States or any state thereof, such Assignee shall execute and deliver to the
Borrower, simultaneously with or prior to such Assignee's execution and delivery
of the counterpart joinder described above in Section 9.1(a), and such
Participant shall execute and deliver to the Lender, a United States Internal
Revenue Service Form W-8ECI or W-8BEN (or any successor form), appropriately
completed, wherein such Assignee or Participant claims entitlement to complete
exemption from United States Federal Withholding Tax on all interest payments
hereunder and all fees payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents. The
Borrower shall not be required to pay any increased amount to any Assignee or
other Lender on account of taxes to the extent such taxes would not have been
payable if the Assignee or Participant had furnished one of the Forms referenced
in this Section 9.1(b) unless the failure to furnish such a Form results from
(i) a condition or event affecting the Borrower or an act or failure to act of
the Borrower or (ii) the adoption of or change in any law, rule, regulation or
guideline affecting such Assignee or Participant occurring (x) after the date on
which any such Assignee executes and delivers the counterpart joinder, or (y)
after the date such Assignee shall otherwise comply with the provisions of
Section 9.1(a), or (z) after the date a Participant is granted its
participation.

            (c) The Lender may at any time pledge all or any portion of its
rights under the Loan Documents including any portion of this Note to any of the
twelve (12) Federal Reserve Banks organized under Section 4 of the Federal
Reserve Act, 12 U.S.C. Section 341. No such pledge or assignment or enforcement
thereof shall release the Lender from its obligations under any of the Loan
Documents.

      9.2. Participations. The Lender shall have the unrestricted right to grant
participations to one or more banks or other financial institutions (each a
"Participant") in all or any part of any Loans owing to the Lender and the Note
held by the Lender. The Lender shall retain the sole right to approve, without
the consent of any Participant, any amendment, modification or waiver of any
provision of the Loan Documents, provided that the documents evidencing any such
participation may provide that, except with the consent of such Participant, the
Lender will not consent to (a) the reduction in or forgiveness of the stated
principal of or rate of interest on or commitment fee with respect to the
portion of any Loan subject to such participation, (b) the


                                      -50-
<PAGE>

extension or postponement of any stated date fixed for payment of principal or
interest or commitment fee with respect to the portion of any Loan subject to
such participation, (c) the waiver or reduction of any right to indemnification
of the Lender hereunder, or (d) except as otherwise permitted hereunder, the
release of any Collateral. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no participation shall
operate to increase the total Commitments hereunder or otherwise alter the
substantive terms of this Agreement. In the event of any such sale by the Lender
of participating interests to a Participant, the Lender's obligations under this
Agreement shall remain unchanged, the Lender shall remain solely responsible for
the performance thereof, the Lender shall remain the holder of such Note for all
purposes under this Agreement and the Borrower shall continue to deal solely and
directly with the Lender in connection with the Lender's rights and obligations
under this Agreement.

                                   SECTION X.

                                     GENERAL

      10.1. Notices. Unless otherwise specified herein, all notices hereunder to
any party hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when
delivered by hand, or when sent by electronic facsimile transmission, or on the
first Business Day after delivery to any overnight delivery service, freight
pre-paid, or five (5) days after being sent by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, postage pre-paid, and addressed to such party at its
address indicated below:

      If to the Borrower, at

            ePresence, Inc.
            120 Flanders Road
            P.O. Box 5013
            Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013

            Attention: General Counsel

            Facsimile: (508) 836-3281

      with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

            Hale and Dorr LLP
            60 State Street
            Boston, Massachusetts 02109-1803
            Attention: Mark Polebaum, Esq.

            Facsimile: (617) 526-5000


                                      -51-
<PAGE>

            If to the Lender, at


            100 Federal Street
            Mail Stop MA DE 10008H
            Boston, Massachusetts 02110
            Attention: Daniel G. Head, Jr., Director

            Facsimile: (617) 434-0819

      with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

            Sullivan & Worcester LLP
            One Post Office Square
            Boston, MA  02109
            Attention:  Dennis J. White, Esq.

            Facsimile:  (617) 338-2880

or at any other address specified by such party in writing.

      10.2. Expenses. Whether or not the transactions contemplated herein shall
be consummated, the Borrower promises to reimburse the Lender and the Issuing
Bank for all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and disbursements (including all
reasonable attorneys' fees and collateral evaluation costs) incurred or expended
in connection with the preparation, filing or recording, or interpretation of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or any amendment, modification,
approval, consent or waiver hereof or thereof, or in connection with the
enforcement of any Obligations or the satisfaction of any indebtedness of the
Borrower hereunder or thereunder, or in connection with any litigation,
proceeding or dispute in any way related to the credit hereunder, and the amount
of all such expenses shall, until paid, bear interest at the rate applicable to
principal hereunder (including any default rate) and be an Obligation secured by
any Collateral. The Borrower will pay any taxes (including any interest and
penalties in respect thereof), other than the Lender's federal and state income
taxes, payable on or with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan
Documents (the Borrower hereby agreeing to indemnify the Lender and the Issuing
Bank with respect thereto).

      10.3. Indemnification. The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Lender and the Issuing Bank, as well as their respective shareholders,
directors, officers, agents, attorneys, subsidiaries and affiliates, from and
against all damages, losses, settlement payments, obligations, liabilities,
claims, suits, penalties, assessments, citations, directives, demands,
judgments, actions or causes of action, whether statutorily created or under the
common law, all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys, engineers and consultants) and
all other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, liabilities
under Environmental Laws) which shall at any time or times be incurred,
suffered, sustained or required to be paid by any such indemnified Person
(except any of the foregoing which result from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the indemnified Person) on account of or in relation to or any way
in connection with any of the arrangements or


                                      -52-
<PAGE>

transactions contemplated by, associated with or ancillary to this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents or any other documents executed or delivered in
connection herewith or therewith, all as the same may be amended from time to
time, or with respect to any Letters of Credit, whether or not all or part of
the transactions contemplated by, associated with or ancillary to this
Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any such other documents are
ultimately consummated. In any investigation, proceeding or litigation, or the
preparation therefor, the Lender shall select its own counsel and, in addition
to the foregoing indemnity, the Borrower agrees to pay promptly the reasonable
fees and expenses of such counsel. In the event of the commencement of any such
proceeding or litigation, the Borrower shall be entitled to participate in such
proceeding or litigation with counsel of its choice at its own expense. The
Borrower authorizes the Lender and the Issuing Bank to charge any deposit
account or Note Record which it may maintain with any of them for any of the
foregoing. The covenants of this Section 10.3 shall survive payment or
satisfaction of payment of all amounts owing with respect to the Notes, any
other Loan Document or any other Obligation.

      10.4. Survival of Covenants, Etc. All covenants, agreements,
representations and warranties made herein, in the other Loan Documents or in
any documents or other papers delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant
hereto shall be deemed to have been relied upon by the Lender and the Issuing
Bank, notwithstanding any investigation heretofore or hereafter made by any of
them, and shall survive the making by the Lender of the Loans as herein
contemplated, and shall continue in full force and effect so long as any
Obligation remains outstanding and unpaid or the Lender has any obligation to
make any Loans hereunder or the Issuing Bank has any obligation to issue any
Letter of Credit. All statements contained in any certificate or other writing
delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant hereto or in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby shall constitute representations and
warranties by the Borrower hereunder.

      10.5. Set-Off. The Borrower hereby grants to the Lender, a lien, security
interest and right of setoff as security for all liabilities and obligations to
the Lender, whether now existing or hereafter arising, upon and against all
deposits, credits, collateral and property, now or hereafter in the possession,
custody, safekeeping or control of the Lender or any entity under the control of
FleetBoston Financial Corporation and its successors and assigns, or in transit
to any of them. At any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default,
without demand or notice (any such notice being expressly waived by the
Borrower), the Lender may set off the same or any part thereof and apply the
same to any liability or obligation of the undersigned even though unmatured and
regardless of the adequacy of any other collateral securing the Loan. ANY AND
ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE THE LENDER TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT
TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE LOAN, PRIOR TO EXERCISING THE RIGHT OF
SETOFF WITH RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF THE BORROWER
ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED.

      10.6. No Waivers. No failure or delay by the Lender or the Issuing Bank in
exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder, under the Notes or under any
other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver


                                      -53-
<PAGE>

shall extend to or affect any Obligation not expressly waived or impair any
right consequent thereon. No course of dealing or omission on the part of the
Lender or the Issuing Bank in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver
thereof or otherwise be prejudicial thereto. No notice to or demand upon the
Borrower shall entitle the Borrower to other or further notice or demand in
similar or other circumstances. The rights and remedies herein and in the Notes
and the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or
remedies otherwise provided by agreement or law.

      10.7. Amendments, Waivers, etc. Neither this Agreement nor the Notes nor
any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be amended,
waived, discharged or terminated except by a written instrument signed by the
Lender and, with respect to Letters of Credit, the Issuing Bank, and also, in
the case of amendments, by the Borrower.

      10.8. Binding Effect of Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Lender, the Issuing Bank and their
respective successors and assigns; provided that the Borrower may not assign or
transfer its rights or obligations hereunder.

      10.9. Captions; Counterparts. The captions in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit the provisions
hereof. This Agreement and any amendment hereof may be executed in several
counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one instrument. In proving this Agreement it shall not be necessary
to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed by the party
against whom enforcement is sought.

      10.10. Entire Agreement, Etc. The Loan Documents and any other documents
executed in connection herewith or therewith express the entire understanding of
the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and supersede
all prior agreements (including the Commitment Letter dated September 15, 2000
between Lender and the Borrower) with respect to the subject matter hereof,
except for the letter agreement dated September 15, 2000, between the Borrower
and Lender with respect to fees payable to Lender, which letter agreement shall
continue in full force and effect and shall not be superseded by any of the Loan
Documents.

      10.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER MUTUALLY HEREBY
KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM BASED HEREON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS CONTEMPLATED TO BE EXECUTED IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENTS OR ACTIONS OF
THE LENDER RELATING TO THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE LOAN OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THE
LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND AGREE THAT NEITHER PARTY WILL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH
ACTION WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN
WAIVED. EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER


                                      -54-
<PAGE>

HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER IN ANY LITIGATION ANY
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES OTHER THAN,
OR IN ADDITION TO, ACTUAL DAMAGES. THE BORROWER CERTIFIES THAT NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR
OTHERWISE, THAT THE LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO
ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS. THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED HEREIN
CONSTITUTE A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE LENDER TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS TO WHICH EACH IS A PARTY AND TO MAKE THE LOAN.

      10.12. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS
ARE CONTRACTS UNDER THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS AND SHALL FOR
ALL PURPOSES BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF SAID
COMMONWEALTH (EXCLUDING THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW). THE
BORROWER CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY OF THE FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS
LOCATED IN SUFFOLK COUNTY IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS IN CONNECTION
WITH ANY SUIT TO ENFORCE THE RIGHTS OF THE LENDER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT
MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION BROUGHT IN
THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND
AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH ACTION THAT SUCH ACTION HAS BEEN
BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

      10.13. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if
any one clause or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable in
whole or in part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability
shall affect only such clause or provision, or part thereof, in such
jurisdiction, and shall not in any manner affect such clause or provision in any
other jurisdiction, or any other clause or provision of this Agreement in any
jurisdiction.

      10.14. Replacement of Lost Notes. Upon receipt of an affidavit of an
officer of the Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of the
Notes or any other Security Document which is not of public record, and , in the
case of any such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation, upon cancellation of
such Notes or other Security Document and proper indemnification of the Borrower
by the Lender, the Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement note or
other security document in the same principal amount thereof or otherwise of
like tenor.

      10.15. Confidentiality. The Lender will maintain the confidentiality of
any non-public information relating to the Borrower which has been identified in
writing as confidential on the information itself or otherwise, including
without limitation, any information obtained pursuant to Section 5.5, (the
"Confidential Information") and, except as provided below, will exercise the
same degree of care that the Lender exercises with respect to its own
proprietary information to


                                      -55-
<PAGE>

prevent the unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information to third
parties. Confidential Information shall not include information that either: (a)
is in the public domain or in the knowledge or possession of the Lender when
disclosed to the Lender, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure
to the Lender through no fault of the Lender; or (b) is disclosed to the Lender
by a third party, provided the Lender does not have actual knowledge that such
third party is prohibited from disclosing such information. The terms of this
Section shall not apply to disclosure of Confidential Information by the Lender
that is, in the good faith opinion of the Lender, compelled by laws,
regulations, rules, orders or legal process or proceedings or is disclosed to:
(a) any party, including a prospective participant or co-lender, who has signed
a confidentiality agreement containing terms substantially similar to those
contained herein; (b) legal counsel, examiners, auditors and directors of the
Lender and examiners, auditors and investigators having regulatory authority
over the Lender; or (c) any party in connection with the exercise of remedies by
the Lender after the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder.

                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]


                                      -56-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Credit
Agreement under seal as of the date first above written.

                                          ePRESENCE, INC.


                                          By: /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                              -----------------------------
                                              Name:  Richard M. Spaulding
                                              Title: SVP and CFO

                                          FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                          By: /s/ Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                              -----------------------------
                                              Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                              Director
<PAGE>

                                                                      SCHEDULE 1

                            COMMITMENTS OF THE LENDER

                                  Revolving Credit
            Lender                   Commitment          Total Commitment
            ------                   ----------          ----------------

Fleet National Bank
100 Federal Street
Boston, MA 02110                     $10,000,000            $10,000,000
<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 2

Letter of Credit issued by Fleet National Bank to the Borrower on August 15,
2000, for an amount of up to $135,000.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT A
                          FORM OF REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE

$10,000,000                                               Boston, Massachusetts
                                                          October [__], 2000

      FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the "Borrower") absolutely and
unconditionally promises to pay to the order of Fleet National Bank ("Payee") at
100 Federal Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02110:

      (a) on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, the principal amount of TEN
MILLION DOLLARS ($10,000,000) or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount
of Revolving Credit Loans advanced by the Payee to the Borrower pursuant to the
Credit Agreement of even date herewith, as amended or supplemented from time to
time (the "Credit Agreement"), by and among the Borrower and the Payee; and

      (b) interest on the principal balance hereof from time to time outstanding
from the date hereof through and including the date on which such principal
amount is paid in full, at the times and at the rates provided in the Credit
Agreement.

      This Note evidences borrowings under, is subject to the terms and
conditions of and has been issued by the Borrower in accordance with the terms
of the Credit Agreement and is the Note referred to therein. The Payee and any
holder hereof is entitled to the benefits and subject to the conditions of the
Credit Agreement and may enforce the agreements of the Borrower contained
therein, and any holder hereof may exercise the respective remedies provided for
thereby or otherwise available in respect thereof, all in accordance with the
respective terms thereof. This Note is secured by the Security Documents
described in the Credit Agreement.

      All capitalized terms used in this Note and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the same meanings herein as in the Credit Agreement.

      The Borrower has the right in certain circumstances and the obligation
under certain other circumstances to repay or prepay the whole or part of the
principal of this Note on the terms and conditions specified in the Agreement.

      The Borrower hereby grants to the Lender, a lien, security interest and
right of setoff as security for all liabilities and obligations to the Lender,
whether now existing or hereafter arising, upon and against all deposits,
credits, collateral and property, now or hereafter in the possession, custody,
safekeeping or control of the Lender or any entity under the control of
FleetBoston Financial Corporation and its successors and assigns, or in transit
to any of them. At any time following an Event of Default, without demand or
notice (any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower), the Lender may
set off the same or any part thereof and apply the same to any liability or
obligation of the undersigned even though unmatured and regardless of the
adequacy of any other collateral securing the Loan. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO
REQUIRE
<PAGE>

THE LENDER TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER
COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE LOAN, PRIOR TO EXERCISING THE RIGHT OF SETOFF WITH
RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF THE BORROWER ARE HEREBY
KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED.

      The Lender may at any time pledge all or any portion of its rights under
the Loan Documents including any portion of this Note to any of the twelve (12)
Federal Reserve Banks organized under Section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act, 12
U.S.C. Section 341. No such pledge or assignment or enforcement thereof shall
release the Lender from its obligations under any of the Loan Documents.

      Upon receipt of an affidavit of an officer of the Lender as to the loss,
theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and , in the case of any such
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation, upon cancellation of this Note and
proper indemnification of the Borrower by the Lender, the Borrower will issue,
in lieu thereof, a replacement note in the same principal amount thereof.

      If any Event of Default shall occur, the entire unpaid principal amount of
this Note and all of the unpaid interest accrued thereon may become or be
declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the
Credit Agreement.

      The Borrower and every endorser and guarantor of this Note or the
obligation represented hereby waive presentment, demand, notice, protest and all
other demands and notice in connection with the delivery, acceptance,
performance, default or enforcement of this Note, assent to any extension or
postponement of the time of payment or any other indulgence, to any
substitution, exchange or release of collateral and to the addition or release
of any other party or Person primarily or secondarily liable.

      This Note shall be deemed to take effect as a sealed instrument under the
laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and for all purposes shall be
construed in accordance with such laws (without regard to conflicts of laws
rules).

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused this Note to be signed under
seal by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written.

                                          ePRESENCE, INC.


                                          By:___________________________
                                              Title:


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B

Fleet National Bank
100 Federal Street
Boston, MA 02110

            Re:   Credit Agreement Dated as of October 6, 2000
                  (the "Agreement")

Ladies and Gentlemen:

      Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Agreement the undersigned hereby confirms
its request made on ____________, ____ for a [Prime Rate] [LIBOR] Loan in the
amount of $__________ on ___________, ____.

      [The Interest Period applicable to said Loan will be [one] [two] [three]
[six] months.]*

      [Said Loan represents a conversion of the [Prime Rate] [LIBOR] Loan in the
same amount made on .]**

      The representations and warranties contained or referred to in Section 4
of the Agreement are true and accurate on and as of the effective date of the
Loan as though made at and as of such date (except to the extent that such
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date); and no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from
the Loan.

                                          ePRESENCE, INC.


                                          By:___________________________
                                              Title:
- -------------------
Date

*     To be inserted in any request for a LIBOR Loan.
**    To be inserted in any request for a conversion.
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT D

                        REPORT OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

      ePresence, Inc. (the "Borrower") HEREBY CERTIFIES that:

      This Report is furnished pursuant to Section 5.1(c) of the Credit
Agreement dated as of October 6, 2000 (the "Agreement"). Unless otherwise
defined herein, the terms used in this Report have the meanings given to them in
the Agreement.

      As required by Section 5.1(a) and (b) of the Agreement, consolidated
financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the [year/quarter]
ended ________________, ____ (the "Financial Statements") prepared in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied accompany this Report. The Financial Statements
present fairly the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at the date thereof and the consolidated results of operations
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period covered thereby (subject
only to normal recurring year-end adjustments).

      The figures set forth in Schedule 1 hereto for determining compliance by
the Borrower with the financial covenants contained in the Agreement are true
and complete as of the date hereof.

      The activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the period
covered by the Financial Statements have been reviewed by the Chief Financial
Officer or by employees or agents under his immediate supervision. Based on such
review, to the best knowledge and belief of the Chief Financial Officer, and as
of the date of this Report, no Default has occurred.*

      Set forth below is a description of any event or occurrence which rendered
the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.16 inaccurate in any
material respect during the period covered by the Financial Statements:

      WITNESS my hand this ____ day of __________, ____.

                                          ePRESENCE, INC.


                                          By:___________________________
                                              Title:

- --------
      * If a Default has occurred, this paragraph is to be modified with an
appropriate statement as to the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof
and what action the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with
respect thereto.
<PAGE>

                                                                SCHEDULE 1
                                                                    to
                                                                EXHIBIT D

                               FINANCIAL COVENANTS

           Covenant                  Required               Actual as of ______.
           --------                  --------

   Consolidated Net Worth   $100,000,000 plus 100% of       $___________________
                            net proceeds of
                            additional paid-in
                            capital or other equity
                            investments or the
                            proceeds of the issuance
                            and sale of any common
                            stock of Borrower plus
                            80% of Consolidated Net
                            Income for each fiscal
                            quarter beginning with
                            the fiscal quarter ended
                            June 30, 2000 minus the
                            lesser of (i) the loss
                            resulting from the
                            Borrower's current
                            Eligible Equity
                            Derivative Contract with
                            respect to Software.com
                            and (ii) $6,000,000.

   Leverage Ratio           1.00:1.00                       ____________________

   Interest Coverage        June 30, 2001 through           ____________________
   (EBITDA: Interest        September 20, 2001:2.00:1.00
   Expense for four                                         ____________________
   consecutive fiscal
   quarters)                December 31, 2001 and
                            thereafter: 3.00:1.00

   Quick Ratio              2.00:1.00
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT E

                              BORROWING BASE REPORT

                  Period Covered: ______________________________

I.    Accounts Receivable

      1.    Balance from prior period                             __________

      2.    New sales                                             __________

      3.    Collections                                           __________

      4.    Ineligible:

            (a)  more than 90 days past due     __________

            (b)  more than 90 days after
                     invoice date               __________

            (c)  over 80% ineligible            __________

            (d)  foreign                        __________

            (e)  other                          __________

                                                Total Ineligible  __________

      5.    Eligible Accounts
            (1 + 2 - 3 - 4)                                       __________

      6.    Borrowing Base Value
            (85% of 5)                                            __________

II.   Availability

      1.    Borrowing Base value of Accounts                      __________

      2.    Revolving Credit Loans
            Outstanding                                           __________

      3.    Maximum Drawing Amount of
            Letters of Credit                                     __________
<PAGE>

      4.    Total Revolving Credit Outstandings
            (2 + 3)                                               __________

      5.    Availability (lesser of 1 or
            $10 million, minus 4)                                 __________

                                          ePRESENCE, INC.


Date:____________________                 By:___________________________
                                                  Title:


                                      -2-
<PAGE>


                            AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1
                               TO CREDIT AGREEMENT


      This AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1 (this "Amendment"), dated as of October 16,
2000, by and between ePresence, Inc., a Delaware corporation, ("Borrower") and
FLEET NATIONAL BANK, a national banking association (the "Bank"), amends the
Credit Agreement dated as of October 6, 2000 (as the same may be further
amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time the "Credit Agreement"), by
and between the Borrower and the Bank. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth for such terms in the Credit Agreement.

      WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Bank agree to amend the
Credit Agreement; and

      WHEREAS, subject to the terms and provisions hereof, the Bank is willing
to do so;

      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

      1. Amendment to Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the
conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 hereof, Section 7.2 of the Credit
Agreement is hereby amended by adding to such Section 7.2 a new clause (iv)
reading as follows:

            ", and (iv) Guarantees by Borrower of obligations of its executive
            officers not to exceed in the aggregate at any time outstanding an
            amount equal to $2,000,000."

      2. Representations and Warranties. The Borrower hereby represents and
warrants to the Bank as follows:

            a. No Violation, Enforceability, Etc. The Borrower hereby confirms
      that the representations of the Borrower contained in Section 4 of the
      Credit Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof as if
      made on the date hereof, treating this Amendment, the Credit Agreement as
      amended hereby, and the other Loan Documents as amended hereby, as "Loan
      Documents" for the purposes of making said representations.

      3. Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment shall
be subject to the delivery to the Bank by the Borrower of this Amendment signed
by the Borrower.

<PAGE>


      4. Miscellaneous Provisions. Except as otherwise expressly provided by
this Amendment, all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect.
The Borrower confirms and agrees that the Obligations of the Borrower to the
Bank, are entitled to the benefits of the Loan Documents. The parties hereto
hereby acknowledge and agree that all references to the Credit Agreement
contained in any of the Loan Documents shall be references to the Credit
Agreement as amended hereby and as the same may be amended, modified,
supplemented, or restated from time to time. This Amendment may be executed in
any number of counterparts, but all such counterparts shall together constitute
but one instrument. In making proof of this Amendment it shall not be necessary
to produce or account for more than one counterpart signed by each party hereto
by and against which enforcement hereof is sought. The Borrower hereby confirms
its obligations to pay promptly upon request all reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses incurred or sustained by the Bank in connection with this
Amendment, including the reasonable fees and expenses of Sullivan & Worcester
LLP.

      5. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed according to and
governed by the internal laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts without
reference to principles of conflicts of law.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as a
sealed instrument as of the date first above written.


                                    ePresence, Inc.

                                    By: /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Name: Richard M. Spaulding
                                        Title: Sr. Vice President & CFO


                                    FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                    By: /s/ Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Name: Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                        Title: Director


                                       -2-

<PAGE>


                            AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 2
                               TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

      This AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 2 (this "Amendment"), made effective as of
December 18, 2000, by and between ePRESENCE, INC., a Delaware corporation
("Borrower") and FLEET NATIONAL BANK, a national banking association (the
"Bank"), amends the Credit Agreement dated as of October 6, 2000 as previously
amended as of October 16, 2000 (as the same may be further amended, modified, or
supplemented from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), by and between the
Borrower and the Bank. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have
the meanings set forth for such terms in the Credit Agreement.

      WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Bank agree to amend the
Credit Agreement in certain respects; and

      WHEREAS, subject to the terms and provisions hereof, the Bank is willing
to do so;

      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

      1. Amendment to Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the
conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 hereof, the Credit Agreement is
hereby amended in the following respects:

            (a) Subsection (c) of Section 5.1 is hereby amended by adding at the
end thereof the following language:

            ", which report shall also certify as to the amount of consideration
            that the Borrower has expanded or committed to expend in respect of
            Authorized Repurchase Transactions during the immediately prior
            fiscal quarter and cumulatively since the effective date of this
            Amendment."

            (b) Subsection 7.4(b)(ii) is hereby amended by adding to the end of
such subsection the following language:

            "provided that the dollar limits set forth in clauses (x) and (y),
            above shall each be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the
            amount of any consideration expended by the Borrower in respect of
            any Authorized Repurchase Transactions (as defined below)."

            (c) Section 7.6 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding
thereto a new clause (iv) reading as follows:

                  ", and (iv) the purchase, redemption, retirement or other
            acquisition of any capital stock of the Borrower, whether now or
            hereafter outstanding, or of any options, warrants or similar rights
            to purchase such capital stock or any security convertible into or
            exchangeable for such capital stock (an "Authorized Repurchase
            Transaction"), provided that (a) any such Repurchase Transaction


<PAGE>

            or the program pursuant to which it is effectuated must be approved
            by the Board of Directors of the Borrower; (b) the amount of
            consideration paid by the Borrower in connection with all such
            Authorized Repurchase Transactions shall not exceed Ten Million
            Dollars ($10,000,000) in the aggregate and (c) no Authorized
            Repurchase Transaction may be effectuated if an Event of Default has
            occurred and is continuing or would otherwise arise therefrom."

      2. Representations and Warranties. The Borrower hereby confirms that the
representations of the Borrower contained in Section 4 of the Credit Agreement
are true and correct on and as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof,
treating this Amendment, the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and the other
Loan Document as amended hereby, as "Loan Documents" for the purposes of making
said representations.

      3. Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment shall
be subject to (a) the delivery to the Bank by the Borrower of this Amendment
signed by the Borrower, and (b) the payment to the Bank by the Borrower of a
processing fee in the amount of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) which the Borrower
authorizes the Bank to deduct from its demand deposit account with the Bank.

      4. Miscellaneous Provisions. Except as otherwise expressly provided by
this Amendment, all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect.
The Borrower confirms and agrees that the Obligations of the Borrower to the
Bank, are entitled to the benefits of the Loan Documents. The parties hereto
hereby acknowledge and agree that all references to the Credit Agreement
contained in any of the Loan Documents shall be references to the Credit
Agreement as amended hereby and as the same has been or may be amended,
modified, supplemented, or restated from time to time. This Amendment may be
executed in any number of counterparts, but all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one instrument. In making proof of this Amendment it shall not be
necessary to produce or account for more than one counterpart signed by each
party hereto by and against which enforcement hereof is sought. The Borrower
hereby confirms its obligations to pay promptly upon request all reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred or sustained by the Bank in connection
with this Amendment, including the reasonable fees and expenses of Sullivan &
Worcester LLP.

      5. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed according to and
governed by the internal laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts without
reference to principles of conflicts of law.


                                       -2-

<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as a
sealed instrument as of the date first above written.


                                    ePRESENCE, INC.

                                    By: /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Name: Richard M. Spaulding
                                        Title: Senior Vice President & CFO


                                    FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                    By: /s/ Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Name: Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                        Title: Director


                                       -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.41
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>dex1041.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITY AGREEMENT BY THE COMPANY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.41

                               SECURITY AGREEMENT

      SECURITY AGREEMENT made this 6th day of October, 2000 by ePRESENCE, INC.,
a Massachusetts corporation (the "Borrower") in favor of FLEET NATIONAL BANK
(the "Lender") under that certain Credit Agreement of even date herewith (as the
same may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended or restated from time to
time the "Credit Agreement").

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit
Agreement, the Lender has agreed to make advances to the Borrower and/or issue
letters of credit for the account of the Borrower;

      WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the obligations of the Lender to
make advances to the Borrower and to issue letters of credit for the account of
the Borrower under the Credit Agreement that, among other things, the Borrower
shall have granted to the Lender a continuing security interest in and to the
Collateral (as hereafter defined) and shall have executed and delivered this
Agreement and the other Security Instruments (as defined by reference below) to
secure its obligations under the Credit Agreement, including, without
limitation, its obligations under the Note (as defined by reference below);

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Lender
to make advances to the Borrower and to issue letters of credit for the account
of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Definitions

      Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined herein
(including, without limitation, the terms "Event of Default" and "Lien") have,
as used herein, the respective meanings provided for therein. The following
additional terms, as used herein, have the following respective meanings:

            "Accounts" means all "accounts" (as defined in the UCC) now owned or
      hereafter acquired by the Borrower and shall also mean and include all
      accounts receivable, contract rights, book debts, notes, drafts and other
      obligations or indebtedness owing to the Borrower arising from the sale,
      lease or exchange of goods or other property by it and/or the performance
      of services by it (including, without limitation, any such obligation
      which might be characterized as an account, contract right or general
      intangible under the UCC) and all of the Borrower's rights in, to and
      under all purchase orders for goods, services or other property, and all
      of the Borrower's rights to any goods, services or other property
      represented by any of the foregoing (including returned or repossessed
      goods and unpaid sellers' rights of rescission, replevin, reclamation and
      rights to stoppage in transit) and all monies due to or to become due to
      the Borrower under all contracts for the sale, lease or exchange of goods
      or other property and/or the performance of services by it (whether or not
      yet earned by performance on the part of the Borrower), including, without
      limitation, all of Borrower's right, title and interest in


<PAGE>

      and to all service or management contracts to which it is a party, in each
      case whether now in existence or hereafter arising or acquired including,
      without limitation, the right to receive the proceeds of said purchase
      orders and contracts and all collateral security and guarantees of any
      kind given by any Person with respect to any of the foregoing.

            "Collateral" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

            "Documents" means all "documents" (as defined in the UCC) or other
      receipts covering, evidencing or representing goods, now owned or
      hereafter acquired, by the Borrower.

            "Equipment" means all "equipment" (as defined in the UCC) now owned
      or hereafter acquired by the Borrower, including, without limitation, all
      motor vehicles, trucks and trailers.

            "Excluded Property" shall mean (i) any property of the Borrower the
      purchase price of which was financed with Indebtedness permitted by
      Sections 7.3(b) and 7.3(c), of the Credit Agreement, (ii) the common stock
      of Switchboard or any common stock of any non-affiliated entities
      presently owned or hereafter acquired pursuant to Section 7.7(vi) of the
      Credit Agreement, and (iii) leasehold interests in any real property.

            "Fixtures" means all "fixtures" (as defined in the UCC) now owned or
      hereafter acquired by the Borrower.

            "General Intangibles" means all "general intangibles" (as defined in
      the UCC) now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower, including,
      without limitation, all (a) obligations or indebtedness owing to the
      Borrower (other than Accounts) from whatever source arising, (b) patent
      licenses, patents, trademark licenses, trademarks, rights in intellectual
      property, goodwill, trade names, service marks, trade secrets, copyrights,
      permits and licenses, (c) inventions, processes, production methods,
      proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets used or useful in the
      business of the Borrower, (d) licenses or user or other agreements granted
      to the Borrower with respect to any of the items described in clause (b)
      or (c) above, (e) information, customer lists, identification of
      suppliers, data, plans, blueprints, specifications, designs, drawings,
      recorded knowledge, surveys, engineering reports, test reports, manuals,
      materials standards, catalogs, computer and automatic machinery software
      and programs and the like pertaining to the business of the Borrower, (f)
      field repair data, sales data, and other information relating to sales or
      service of products now or hereafter manufactured, (g) accounting
      information and all media in which or on which any of the information or
      knowledge or data or records may be recorded or stored and all computer
      programs used for the compilation or printout of such information,
      knowledge, records or data, (h) causes of action, claims and warranties
      now or hereafter owned or acquired by the Borrower in respect of any of
      the items listed above and (i) tax refunds to which the Borrower is
      entitled.


                                        2

<PAGE>

            "Governmental Authority" shall mean any federal, state, municipal or
      other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency, court,
      tribunal or other instrumentality, domestic or foreign, and any
      arbitrator.

            "Instruments" means all "instruments", "chattel paper" or "letters
      of credit" (each as defined in the UCC) evidencing, representing, arising
      from or existing in respect of, relating to, securing or otherwise
      supporting the payment of, any of the Accounts, including (but not limited
      to) promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and trade acceptances, now
      owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower.

            "Intellectual Property Collateral" has the meaning set forth in
      Section 3.

            "Inventory" means all "inventory" (as defined in the UCC), now owned
      or hereafter acquired by the Borrower, wherever located, and shall also
      mean and include, without limitation, all raw materials and other
      materials and supplies, work-in-process and finished goods and any
      products made or processed therefrom and all substances, if any,
      commingled therewith or added thereto.

            "Investment Property" means all "investment property" (as defined in
      the UCC), now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower, wherever
      located, provided however, that Investment Property shall not include the
      common stock of Switchboard or any common stock of any non-affiliated
      entities presently owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower.

            "Permitted Liens" means the security interests and liens on the
      Collateral permitted to be created, assumed or to exist pursuant to
      Section 7.3 of the Credit Agreement.

            "Proceeds" means all proceeds of, and all other profits, rentals or
      receipts, in whatever form, arising from the collection, sale, lease,
      exchange, assignment, licensing or other disposition of, or realization
      upon, Collateral, including, without limitation, all claims of the
      Borrower against third parties for loss of, damage to or destruction of,
      or for proceeds payable under, or unearned premiums with respect to,
      policies of insurance in respect of, any Collateral, and any condemnation
      or requisition payments with respect to any Collateral, in each case
      whether now existing or hereafter arising.

            "Secured Obligations" means all obligations of the Borrower to the
      Lender, whether such obligations are now existing or hereafter incurred or
      created, joint or several, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due
      or to become due, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated,
      arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, including, without
      limitation, (a) all Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement), (b)
      all principal of and interest (including, without limitation, any interest
      which accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other
      action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the
      Borrower) on any advance to the Borrower under the Note issued by the
      Borrower or pursuant to the Credit Agreement; (c) all other amounts
      (including, without limitation, any fees or expenses) payable by the
      Borrower under the Loan Documents; (d) all amounts payable to any Issuing
      Bank in


                                        3

<PAGE>

      connection with the issuance of any letter of credit by any such Issuing
      Bank for the account of the Borrower or any drawing thereunder, including,
      without limitation, any reimbursement obligation and letter of credit fees
      payable under any letter of credit application or reimbursement agreement
      executed by the Borrower in connection with any such letter of credit; (e)
      all other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder; and (f) any renewals,
      refinancings or extensions of any of the foregoing.

            "Security Interests" means the security interests granted pursuant
      to Section 3, as well as all other security interests created or assigned
      as additional security for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the
      provisions of this Agreement.

            "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date
      hereof in The Commonwealth of Massachusetts; provided that if by reason of
      mandatory provisions of law, the perfection or the effect of perfection or
      non-perfection of the Security Interests in any Collateral is governed by
      the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than The
      Commonwealth of Massachusetts, "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as
      in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof
      relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection.

SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties

      The Borrower represents and warrants as follows:

      (a) The Borrower has good title to all of the Collateral, free and clear
of any Liens other than the Permitted Liens and the Security Interests. The
Borrower has taken all actions necessary under the UCC to perfect its interest
in any Accounts purchased by it or in which it otherwise has an interest, as
against its assignors and creditors of its assignors.

      (b) The Borrower has not performed any acts which might prevent the Lender
from enforcing any of the terms of this Agreement or which would limit the
Lender in any such enforcement. To the Borrower's knowledge, other than
financing statements or other similar or equivalent documents or instruments
with respect to the Security Interests or Permitted Liens, no financing
statement, mortgage, security agreement or similar or equivalent document or
instrument covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file or of record in
any jurisdiction in which such filing or recording would be effective to perfect
a Lien on such Collateral. No Collateral is in the possession of any Person
(other than the Borrower or the Lender) asserting any claim thereto or security
interest therein.

      (c) All of the information contained in such perfection certificates
previously delivered to the Lender remains true and correct and accurate in all
respects.

      (d) Except for filings with (i) the United States Patent and Trademark
Office pursuant to the Patent Collateral Assignment and Security Agreement and
the Trademark Collateral Security and Pledge Agreement and (ii) the United
States Copyright Office pursuant to the Memorandum of Grant of Security Interest
In Copyrights, no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice of
filing with, any Governmental Authority that has not been received, taken or
made is required (i) for the grant by the Borrower of the Security Interests or
for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Borrower,
(ii) for the perfection and


                                        4

<PAGE>

maintenance of the Security Interests as first priority security interests and
liens, or (iii) for the exercise by the Lender of the rights or the remedies in
respect of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement except for the filing of
UCC financing statements in the office necessary to perfect the Security
Interests.

SECTION 3. The Security Interests

      (a) In order to secure the full and punctual payment of the Secured
Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, the Borrower hereby, assigns,
pledges and grants to the Lender a continuing security interest and lien in and
to all right, title and interest of the Borrower in the following property,
other than Excluded Property, whether now owned or existing or hereafter
acquired or arising and regardless of where located (all being collectively
referred to as the "Collateral"):

            (i)   Accounts;

            (ii)  Inventory;

            (iii) General Intangibles;

            (iv)  Documents;

            (v)   Instruments;

            (vi)  Investment Property;

            (vii) Equipment;

            (viii) Fixtures;

            (ix) All books and records (including, without limitation, customer
      lists, marketing information, credit files, price lists, operating
      records, vendor and supplier price lists, sales literature, computer
      programs, printouts and other computer materials and records) of the
      Borrower pertaining to any of the Collateral;

            (x) All other property of the Borrower of every kind and
      description, tangible and intangible, and

            (xi) All Proceeds of, attachments or accessions to, or substitutions
      for all or any of the Collateral described in Clauses (i) through (x)
      hereof,

provided however, that the foregoing security interest shall not include a
security interest in any Collateral comprised of Intellectual Property of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (the "Intellectual Property Collateral") if
the granting of the security interest therein by the Borrower to the Lender is
prohibited by any requirement of law or by the terms and provisions of the
written agreement, document or instrument creating or evidencing such
Intellectual Property Collateral or rights related thereto and provided further,
that if and when the prohibition which prevents the granting by the Borrower to
the Lender of a security interest in such Intellectual


                                        5

<PAGE>

Property Collateral is removed or otherwise terminated, the Lender will be
deemed to have, and at all times from and after the date hereof to have had, a
security interest in such Intellectual Property Collateral, as the case may be,
and that, notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, the Lender
will be deemed to have, and at all times from and after the date hereof to have
had, a security interest in the proceeds of such Intellectual Property
Collateral.

      (b) The Security Interests are granted as security only and shall not
subject the Lender to, or transfer or in any way affect on modify, any
obligation or liability of the Borrower with respect to any of the Collateral in
any transaction in connection therewith

Section 4: Further Assurances, Covenants

      The Borrower covenants as follows:

      (a) The Borrower will not change (i) the location of its principal place
of business, or the location of its chief executive office or its federal tax
identification number, or (ii) the locations where it keeps or holds any
Collateral or records relating thereto from the applicable locations described
in the perfection certificate delivered by the Borrower to the Lender, or (iii)
its name, idenity or corporate structure in any manner, in each case without
giving the Lender thirty (30) day prior written notice thereof. In the event of
any such change, the Borrower shall, at its cost and expense, cooperate with the
Lender and cause to be filed or recorded additional financing statements,
amendments or supplements to existing financing statements, continuation
statements or other documents required to be recorded or filed in order to
perfect and protect the Security Interest. The Borrower shall not, in any event,
make any change if such change would cause the Security Interests in any
Collateral to lapse or cease to be perfected.

      (b) The, Borrower will, from time to time, at its expense, execute,
deliver, file and record any statement, assignment, instrument, document,
agreement or other paper and take any other action (including, without
limitation, collateral assignments of trademarks, copyright mortgages and any
filings of financing or continuation statements under the UCC) that the Lender
may from time to time reasonably determine to be necessary or desirable in order
to create, preserve, upgrade in rank (to the extent required hereby), perfect,
confirm or validate the Security Interests or to enable the Lender to obtain the
full benefits of this Agreement, or to enable the Lender to exercise and enforce
any of its rights, powers and remedies hereunder with respect to any of the
Collateral. At the request of the Lender, the Borrower will use reasonable
efforts to obtain the consent of any Person that is necessary or desirable to
effect the pledge hereunder of any right, title, claims and benefits now owned
or hereafter acquired by the Borrower in and to any Gneral Intangible. To the
extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby authorizes the Lender to execute
and file financing statements or continuation statements without the Borrower's
signature appearing thereon. The Borrower agrees that a carbon, photographic or
other reproduction of this Agreement or of a financing statement is sufficient
as a financing statement. The Borrower shall pay the costs of, or incidental to,
any recording or filing of any financing or continuation statements concerning
the Collateral.

      (c) If any Collateral is at any time in the possession or control of any
warehouseman, bailee or of the Borrower's agents or processors, the Borrower
shall, upon the request of the Lender, notify such warehouseman, bailee, agent
or processor of the Security Interests created


                                        6

<PAGE>

hereby and to hold all such Collateral for the Lender's account subject to the
Lender's instructions.

      (d) The Borrower shall keep complete and accurate books and records
relating to the Collateral.

      (e) The Borrower will promptly deliver and pledge each Instrument to the
Lender, appropriately endorsed to the Lender without recourse, provided that so
long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower
may retain for collection in the ordinary course any Instruments received by
them in the ordinary course of business and the Lender shall, promptly upon
request of the Borrower, make appropriate arrangements for making any other
Instrument pledged by the Borrower available to it for purposes of presentation,
collection or renewal (any such arrangement to be effected, to the extent deemed
appropriate to the Lender, against trust receipt or like document).

      (f) The Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause to be collected from
its account debtors, as and when due, any and all amounts owing under or on
account of each Account (including, without limitation, Accounts which are
delinquent, such Accounts to be collected in accordance with lawful collection
procedures and the Borrower's standard procedures) and apply forthwith upon
receipt thereof all such amounts as are so collected to the outstanding balance
of such Account, except that, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and the Lender is exercising its rights hereunder to collect
Accounts, the Borrower may allow in the ordinary course of business as
adjustments to amounts owing under its Accounts (i) an extension or renewal of
the time or times of payment, or settlement for less than the total unpaid
balance, which the Borrower finds appropriate in accordance with prudent
business judgment and (ii) a refund or credit due as a result of returned or
damaged merchandise, all in accordance with the Borrower's ordinary course of
business consistent with their historical collection practices. The costs and
expenses (including, without limitation, attorney's fees) of collection, whether
incurred by the Borrower or the Lender, shall be borne by the Borrower.

      (g) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of
Default, upon the request of the Lender, the Borrower will promptly notify (and
the Borrower hereby authorizes the Lender so to notify) each account debtor in
respect of any Account or Instrument that such Collateral has been assigned to
the Lender hereunder, and that any payments due or to become due in respect of
such Collateral are to be made directly to the Lender or any designee specified
by the Lender. Following such request of the Lender, the Borrower shall hold all
proceeds from collection of Accounts as trustee for the Lender (without
commingling the same with other funds of the Borrower) and shall turn the same
over to the Lender immediately upon receipt in the identical form received (duly
endorsed by the Borrower to the Lender, if required). The Lender shall apply the
proceeds of such collections received by it to the Secured Obligations in
accordance with Section 8 of this Agreement. The application of the proceeds of
such collections shall be conditional upon the final payment in cash of the
items so collected. If any item is not so paid or the Lender is required for any
reason to return any payment made, the Lender may reverse any credit given in
respect of such item.

      (h) Without the prior written consent of the Lender, the Borrower will not
(i) sell, lease, exchange, assign or otherwise dispose of, or grant any option
with respect to, any


                                        7

<PAGE>

Collateral other than as permitted under Section 7.4 of the Credit Agreement
and, in the case of any such permitted sale or exchange, the Security Interests
created hereby in such item (but not in any Proceeds arising from such sale or
exchange) shall cease immediately without any further action on the part of the
Lender, provided, however, that at the request of the Borrower, the Lender shall
execute and deliver such UCC-3 termination statements and other documents as may
be required to release such Security Interests in such item; or (ii) create,
incur or suffer to exist any Lien with respect to any Collateral, except for
Permitted Liens and the Security Interests.

      (i) The Borrower will keep each item of Equipment in good order and repair
(with allowance for ordinary wear and tear) and will not use the same in
violation of law or any policy of insurance thereon.

      (j) The Borrower shall, (i) not later than the date of the first advance
under the Credit Agreement, in the case of Equipment now owned constituting
goods in which a security interest is perfected by a notation on the certificate
of title or similar evidence of the ownership of such goods (other than
Equipment in which the Borrower has granted Permitted Liens), (a) having a value
in excess of $100,000 or (b) having a value in excess of $50,000, if the
aggregate of such items owned by the Borrower at any time is greater than
$100,000, and (ii) within 10 days of acquiring any other similar Equipment
(other than Equipment in which the Borrower has granted Permitted Liens) (x)
having a value in excess of $ 100,000 or (y) having a value in excess of
$50,000, if the aggregate of all such items owned by the Borrower at any time is
greater than $100,000, deliver to the Lender any and all certificates of title,
applications for title or similar evidence of ownership of such Equipment and
shall cause the Lender to be named as lienholder on any such certificate of
title or other evidence of ownership. The Borrower shall not permit any
additions to the Equipment to become a fixture to real estate other than real
estate in which the Lender has been granted a first priority Lien.

      (k) The Borrower will, promptly upon request, provide to the Lender all
information and evidence it may reasonably request concerning the Collateral to
the extent such information and evidence is in the Borrower's possession
(including without limitation, the names, addresses, face value, and date of
invoices for each debtor obligated on each Account) to enable the Lender to
enforce the provisions of this Agreement and, to the extent that any such
information or evidence is not in the possession of the Borrower, the Borrower
shall make such reasonable efforts as may be required to obtain such information
or evidence.

SECTION 5. General Authority

      The Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Lender its true and lawful
attorney, with full power of substitution, in the name of the Borrower, the
Lender, or otherwise, for the sole use and benefit of the Lender, but at the
Borrower's expense, to the extent permitted by law to exercise, at any time and
from time to time while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all
or any of the following powers with respect to all or any of the Collateral:

                  (a) to endorse the Borrower's name on any checks, notes,
            acceptances, money orders, drafts, filings or other forms of payment
            or security that may come into the Lender's possession,


                                        8

<PAGE>

                  (b) to demand, sue for, collect, receive and give acquittance
            for any and all monies due or to become due thereon or by virtue
            thereof,

                  (c) to settle, compromise, compound, prosecute or defend any
            action or proceeding with respect thereto,

                  (d) to sell, transfer, assign or otherwise deal in or with the
            same or the proceeds or avails thereof, as fully and effectually as
            if the Lender were the absolute owner thereof, and

                  (e) to extend the time of payment of any or all thereof and to
            make any allowance and other adjustments with reference thereto.

SECTION 6. Remedies upon Event of Default

      (a) If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lender may
exercise all rights of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not in effect
in the jurisdiction where such rights are exercised) and, in addition, the
Lender may, without being required to give any notice, except as herein provided
or as may be required by law, sell the Collateral or any part thereof at public
or private sale, for cash, upon credit or for future delivery, and at such price
or prices as the Lender may deem satisfactory. The Lender may be the purchaser
of any or all of the Collateral so sold at any public sale (or, if the
Collateral is of a type customarily sold in a recognized market or is of a type
which is the subject of widely distributed standard price quotations, at any
private sale) and thereafter hold the same, absolutely, free from any right or
claim of whatsoever kind. The Lender shall give the Company not less than ten
days' prior written notice of the time and place of any sale or other intended
disposition of any of the Collateral, except any Collateral which is perishable
or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a
recognized market. The Company agrees that such notice constitutes "reasonable
notification" within the meaning of Section 9-504(3) of the UCC. The Company
will execute and deliver such documents and take such other action as the Lender
deems necessary or advisable in order that any such sale may be made in
compliance with law. The Borrower will execute and deliver such documents and
take such other action as the Lender deems necessary or advisable in order that
any such sale may be made in compliance with law. Upon any such sale the Lender
shall have the right to deliver, assign and transfer to the purchaser thereof
the Collateral so sold. Each purchaser at any such sale shall hold the
Collateral so sold to it absolutely, free from any claim or right of whatsoever
kind, including any equity or right of redemption of the Borrower, and the
Borrower, to the extent permitted by law, hereby specifically waives all rights
of redemption, stay or appraisal which it has or may have under any law now
existing or hereafter adopted. The notice (if any) of such sale required by
Section 5 shall (A) in case of a public sale, state the time and place fixed for
such sale, and (B) in the case of a private sale, state the day after which such
sale may be consummated. Any such public sale shall be held at such time or
times within ordinary business hours and at such place or places as the Lender
may fix in the notice of such sale. At any such sale the Collateral may be sold
in one lot as an entirety or in separate parcels, as the Lender may determine.
The Lender shall not be obligated to make any such sale pursuant to any such
notice. The Lender may, without notice or publication, adjourn any public or
private sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement
at the time and place fixed for the sale, and such sale may be made at any


                                        9

<PAGE>

time or place to which the same may be so adjourned. In case of any sale of all
or any part of the Collateral on credit or for future delivery, the Collateral
so sold may be retained by the Lender until the selling price is paid by the
purchaser thereof, but the Lender shall not incur any liability in case of the
failure of such purchaser to take up and pay for the Collateral so sold and, in
case of any such failure, such Collateral may again be sold upon like notice.
The Lender, instead of exercising the power of sale herein conferred upon it,
may proceed by a suit or suits at law or in equity to foreclose the Security
Interests and sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof, under a judgment or
decree of a court or courts of competent jurisdiction.

      (b) For the purpose of enforcing any and all rights and remedies under
this Agrement the Lender may (i) require the Borrower to, and the Borrower
agrees that it will, at its expense and upon the request of the Lender,
forthwith assemble all or any part of the Collateral as directed by the Lender
and make it available at a place designated by the Lender which is, in its
opinion, reasonably convenient to the Lender, whether at the premises of the
Borrower or otherwise, (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, enter,
with or without process of law and without breach of the peace, any premises
where any of the Collateral is or may be located, and without charge or
liability to it or any Lender, seize and remove such Collateral from such
premises, (iii) have access to and use the Borrower's books and records relating
to the Collateral and (iv) prior to the disposition of the Collateral, store or
transfer it without charge in or by means of any storage or transportation
facility owned or leased by the Borrower, process, repair or recondition it or
otherwise prepare it for disposition in any manner and to the extent the Lender
deems appropriate to preserve and enhance its value and, in connection with such
preparation and disposition, use, as a licensee (or if no decline in the value
of the Collateral would result, otherwise) without charge any trademark, trade
name, copyright, patent or technical process used by the Borrower.

SECTION 7. Limitation on Duty of Lender in Respect of Collateral

      Beyond the safe custody thereof in accordance with applicable law, the
Lender shall have no duty as to any Collateral in its possession or control or
in the possession or control of any agent or bailee or any income thereon or as
to the preservation of rights against prior parties or any other rights
pertaining thereto. The Lender shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care
in the custody and preservation of the Collateral in its possession if the
Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which it accords
its own property of like nature, arid shall not be liable or responsible for any
loss or damage to any of the Collateral, or for any diminution in the value
thereof, by reason of the act or omission of any warehouseman, carrier,
forwarding agency, consignee or other agent or bailee selected by the Lender in
good faith and in the absence of gross negligence.

SECTION 8. Application of Proceeds

      Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the
proceeds of any sale of, or other realization upon, all or any part of the
Collateral shall be applied by the Lender in the following order of priorities:

            first, to payment of the expenses of such sale or other realization,
      including reasonable compensation to the Lender and its agents and counsel
      in connection


                                       10

<PAGE>

      therewith, and all expenses, liabilities and advances incurred or made by
      the Lender in connection therewith, and any other unreimbursed expenses
      for which the Lender is to be reimbursed pursuant to the Credit Agreement
      or Section 9 hereof and unpaid fees owing to the Lender under the Credit
      Agreement;

            second, to the payment of accrued but unpaid interest on the Secured
      Obligations;

            third, to the payment of unpaid principal of the Secured
      Obligations;

            fourth, to the payment of all other Secured Obligations, until all
      Secured Obligations shall have been paid in full; and

            finally, to payment to the Borrowers or their respective successors
      or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, of any
      surplus then remaining from such proceeds.

The Lender may make distributions hereunder in cash or in kind or in any
combination thereof.

SECTION 9. Expenses

      In the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the provisions of the
Credit Agreement or this Agreement, such that the value of any Collateral or the
validity, perfection, rank or value of any Security Interest is thereby
diminished or potentially diminished or put at risk, the Lender may effect such
compliance on behalf of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall reimburse the
Lender for the costs thereof within two Business Days of demand therefor. All
insurance expenses and all reasonable expenses of protecting, storing,
warehousing, appraising, insuring, handling, maintaining, and shipping the
Collateral, any and all excise, property, sales, and use taxes imposed by any
state, federal, or local authority on any of the Collateral, or in respect of
the sale or other disposition thereof, shall be borne and paid by the Borrower;
and if the Borrower fails to promptly pay any portion thereof when due, the
Lender may, at its option, but shall not be required to, pay the same and
charge the Borrower's account therefor, and the Borrower agrees to reimburse the
Lender therefor on demand. All sums so paid or incurred by the Lender for any of
the foregoing and any and all other sums for which the Borrower may become
liable hereunder and all reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys'
fees, legal expenses and court costs) reasonably incurred by the Lender in
enforcing or protecting the Security Interests or any of their rights or
remedies under this Agreement, shall, together with interest thereon until paid
at the rate applicable to advances made under the Credit Agreement, be
additional Secured Obligations hereunder.

SECTION 10. Termination of Security Interests

      Upon the payment in full of all Secured Obligations and termination of the
Commitments, the Security Interests shall terminate and all rights to the
Collateral shall revert to the Borrower, and this Security Agreement shall
terminate and no longer be of any force and effect. After the termination of the
Security Interests pursuant to the preceding sentence and at the request of the
Borrower, the Lender shall take such action and execute and deliver to the
Borrower such UCC-3 termination statements and such other instruments as may be
required to release the Security Interests and return to the Borrower any
Collateral in its possession. If, after


                                       11

<PAGE>

the Security Interests are terminated, payment, or any part thereof, of any of
the Secured Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned
by the Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or
reorganization of the Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a
receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the
Borrower or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, the Security
Interests and all rights of the Lender to the Collateral shall be reinstated,
all as though such payments had not been made.

SECTION 11. Notices

      All notices, approvals, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder shall be given in accordance with the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 12. Waivers, Non-Exclusive Remedies

      No failure on the part of the Lender to exercise, and no delay in
exercising and no course of dealing with respect to, any right under the Credit
Agreement or this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
single or partial exercise by the Lender of any right under the Credit Agreement
or this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right. The rights in this Agreement and the Credit Agreement are
cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

SECTION 13. Successors and Assigns

      This Agreement is for the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Lender,
and its successors and assigns, and in the event of an assignment of all or any
of the Secured Obligations, the rights, hereunder, to the extent applicable to
the indebtedness so assigned, may be transferred with such indebtedness. This
Agreement shall be binding on the Borrower and their respective successors and
assigns.

SECTION 14. Changes in Writings

      Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived,
discharged or terminated orally, but only in writing signed by the Borrower and
the Lender.

SECTION 15. MASSACHUSETFS LAW

      THIS AGREEMENT IS A CONTRACT UNDER THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF
MASSACHUSETTS AND SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF SAID COMMONWEALTH (EXCLUDING THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO
CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW). THE BORROWER CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY OF
THE FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS LOCATED IN SUFFOLK COUNTY IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF
MASSACHUSETTS IN CONNECTION W1TH ANY SUIT TO ENFORCE THE RIGHTS OF THE LENDER
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. THE BORROWER
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE
LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN THE


                                       12

<PAGE>

PRECEDING SENTENCE AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN
ANY SUCH ACTION THAT SUCH ACTION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

SECTION 16. Severability

      If any provision hereof is invalid and unenforceable in any jurisdiction,
then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) the other provisions hereof
shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be
liberally construed in favor of the Lender in order to carry out the intentions
of the parties hereto as nearly as may be possible; and (ii) the invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision hereof in any jurisdiction shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

SECTION 17. Counterparts

      This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which
taken together shall constitute one- and the same instrument and any of the
parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart.

SECTION 18. Waiver of Trial By Jury. THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER MUTUALLY HEREBY
KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM BASED HEREON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS CONTEMPLATED TO BE EXECUTED IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENTS OR ACTIONS OF
THE LENDER RELATING TO THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE LOAN OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS
AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT NEITHER PARTY WILL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH ACTION
WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.
EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER HEREBY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER IN ANY LITIGATION ANY SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES OTHER THAN, OR IN
ADDITION TO, ACTUAL DAMAGES. THE BORROWER CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT
THE LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING
WAIVERS. THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED HEREIN CONSTITUTE A MATERIAL
INDUCEMENT FOR THE LENDER TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS AND TO MAKE THE LOAN.

      SECTION 19. Revised Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. The parties
acknowledge and agree to the following provisions of this Agreement in
anticipation of the possible application, in one or more jurisdictions, to the
transactions contemplated hereby of the revised Article 9 of the UCC in the form
or substantially in the form approved by the American Law Institute and the
National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Law contained in the 1999
official text of Revised Article 9 ("Revised Article 9").

      In applying the law of any jurisdiction in which Revised Article 9 is in
effect, the Collateral shall be and included all assets of the Borrower, whether
or not within the scope of Revised Article 9 with the exception of the Excluded
Property. The collateral shall include, without limitation, the following
categories of assets (as defined in Revised Article 9) belonging to the Borrower
or in which the Borrower has any rights: goods (including inventory, equipment
and any accessions thereto), instruments (including promissory notes),
documents, accounts, chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), deposit
accounts, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is
evidenced by writing), commercial tort claims, securities and all other
investment property, general intangibles (including payment intangibles and
software), supporting obligations and any and all proceeds thereof, wherever
located, whether now owned and hereafter acquired. If the Borrower shall at any
time, whether or not Revised Article 9 is in effect in any particular
jurisdiction, acquire a commercial tort claim, as defined in Revised Article 9,
the Borrower shall immediately notify the Lender in a writing signed by the
Borrower of the brief details thereof and grant to the Lender in such writing a
security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of
this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to
the Lender.

      The Lender may at any time and from time to time file financing
statements, continuation statements and amendments thereto that describe the
Collateral as all assets of the Borrower or words of similar effect and which
contain any other information required by Part 5 of Revised Article 9 for the
sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement, continuation
statement or amendment, including whether the Borrower is an organization, the
type of organization and any organization identification number issued to the
Borrower. The Borrower agrees to furnish any such information to the Lender
promptly upon request. Any such financing statements, continuation statements or
amendments may be signed by the Lender on behalf of the Borrower an may be filed
at any time in any jurisdiction whether or not Revised Article 9 is then in
effect in that jurisdiction.

      The Borrower shall at all times and from time to time, whether or not
Revised Article 9 is in effect in any particular jurisdiction, take such steps
as the Lender any reasonably request for the Lender (a) to obtain an
acknowledgment, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, of any bailee
having possession of any of the Collateral the bailee holds such Collateral for
the Lender, (b) to obtain "control" of any investment property, deposit
accounts, letter-of-credit rights or electronic chattel paper (as such terms are
defined in Revised Article 9 with corresponding provision in Section 9-104, 9-
105, 9-106 and 9-107 of Revised Article 9 relating to what constitutes "control"
for such items of Collateral), with any agreements establishing control to be in
form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, and (c) otherwise to insure the
continued perfection and priority of the Lender's security interest in any of
the Collateral and of the preservation of its rights therein, whether in
anticipation and following the effectiveness of Revised Article 9 in any
jurisdiction.


                                       13

<PAGE>

Nothing contained in this Section shall be construed to narrow the scope of the
Lender's security interest in any of the Collateral or the perfection or
priority thereof or to impair or otherwise limit any of the rights, powers,
privileges or remedies of the Lender hereunder except (and then only to the
extent) mandated by Revised Article 9 to the extent then applicable.

                    {SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]


                                       14

<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as an instrument under seal by their respective authorized
officers as of the day and year first above written.

                                        ePRESENCE, INC.


                                        By: /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name: Richard M. Spaulding
                                            Title: SVP & CFO


                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                        By: /s/ Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                            Director


                                       15

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.42
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>dex1042.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PLEDGE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND FLEET
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.42

                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT

      This PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), is dated as of October 6, 2000,
and is entered into by and between ePRESENCE, INC., a Massachusetts corporation
(the "Pledgor"), and FLEET NATIONAL BANK, (the "Secured Party").

                                   WITNESSETH

      WHEREAS, the Pledgor is the legal and beneficial owner of the shares of
stock described in Schedule I annexed hereto and issued by the corporations
named therein (the "Pledged Shares");

      WHEREAS, the Pledgor and the Secured Party have entered into a Credit
Agreement dated as of the date hereof (said Credit Agreement, as it may
hereafter be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
being the "Credit Agreement", the terms defined therein and not otherwise
defined herein being used herein as therein defined) with the Pledgor and
certain subsidiaries of the Pledgor, pursuant to which the Secured Party have
made certain commitments, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Credit Agreement, to extend certain credit facilities to the Pledgor;

      WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the initial extensions of credit
by the Secured Party under the Credit Agreement that the Pledgor shall have
granted the security interests and undertaken the obligations contemplated by
this Agreement;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce The Secured Party to make Loans and
other extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, Pledgor hereby agrees with the Secured Party as follows:

SECTION 1. Pledge of Security.

      The Pledgor hereby pledges and assigns to the Secured Party, and hereby
grants to the Secured Party a security interest in, all of the Pledgor's right,
title and interest in and to the following (the "Pledged Collateral"):

      (a) the Pledged Shares and the certificates representing the Pledged
Shares and any interest of the Pledgor in the entries on the books of any
financial or securities intermediary pertaining to the Pledged Shares, and all
dividends, cash, warrants, rights, instruments and other property or proceeds
from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or
in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Shares;

      (b) all additional shares of, and all securities convertible into and
warrants, options and other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire, stock of
any issuer of the Pledged Shares from time to time acquired by the Pledgor in
any manner (which shares shall be deemed to be part of the Pledged Shares), the
certificates or other instruments representing such additional shares,
securities, warrants, options or other rights and any interest of the Pledgor in
the entries on the books of any financial or securities intermediary pertaining
to such additional shares, and all dividends, cash, warrants, rights,
instruments and other property or proceeds from time to time
<PAGE>

received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for
any or all of such additional shares, securities, warrants, options or other
rights;

      (c) all shares of, and all securities convertible into and warrants,
options and other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire, stock of any Person
that, after the date of this Agreement, becomes, as a result of any occurrence,
a Guarantor (which shares shall be deemed to be part of the Pledged Shares), the
certificates or other instruments representing such shares, securities,
warrants, options or other rights and any interest of the Pledgor in the entries
on the books of any financial or securities intermediary pertaining to such
shares, and all dividends, cash, warrants, rights, instruments and other
property or proceeds from time to time received, receivable or otherwise
distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of such shares,
securities, warrants, options or other rights; and

      (d) to the extent not covered by clauses (a) through (c) above, all
proceeds of any or all of the foregoing Pledged Collateral. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "proceeds" includes whatever is receivable or received when
Pledged Collateral or proceeds are sold, exchanged, collected or otherwise
disposed of, whether such disposition is voluntary or involuntary, and includes,
without limitation, proceeds of any indemnity or guaranty payable to the Pledgor
or the Secured Party from time to time with respect to any of the Pledged
Collateral.

SECTION 2. Security for Obligations.

      This Agreement secures, and the Pledged Collateral is collateral security
for, all Obligations of the Pledgor as such term is defined in the Credit
Agreement, including without limitation, all obligations of the Pledgor
hereunder.

SECTION 3. Delivery of Pledged Collateral.

      All certificates or instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged
Collateral shall be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Secured Party
pursuant hereto and shall be in suitable form for transfer by delivery or, as
applicable, shall be accompanied by the Pledgor's endorsement, where necessary,
or duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all in form and
substance satisfactory to the Secured Party. The Secured Party shall have the
right, at any time following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of
Default, in its discretion and without notice to the Pledgor, to transfer to or
to register in the name of the Secured Party or any of its nominees any or all
of the Pledged Collateral. In addition, the Secured Party shall have the right
at any time to exchange certificates or instruments representing or evidencing
Pledged Collateral for certificates or instruments of smaller or larger
denominations.

SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties.

      The Pledgor represents and warrants as follows:

      (a) Due Authorization of Pledged Collateral. All of the Pledged Shares
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
non-assessable.


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

      (b) Description of Pledged Collateral. The Pledged Shares constitute that
percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of each issuer thereof
set forth in Schedule I and there are no outstanding warrants, options or other
rights to purchase, or other agreements outstanding with respect to, or property
that is now or hereafter convertible into, or that requires the issuance or sale
of, any Pledged Shares.

      (c) Ownership of Pledged Collateral. The Pledgor is the legal, record and
beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral free and clear of any Encumbrance
except for the security interest created by this Agreement.

      (d) Governmental Authorizations. No authorization, approval or other
action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or
regulatory body is required for either (i) the pledge by the Pledgor of the
Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement and the grant by the Pledgor of
the security interest granted hereby or for the execution, delivery or
performance of this Agreement by the Pledgor or (ii) the exercise by the Secured
Party of the voting or other rights, or the remedies in respect of the Pledged
Collateral, provided for in this Agreement.

      (e) Issuer Authorization. No consent, authorization, approval or other
action by, and no notice to or filing with, any corporate action is required on
behalf of the issuers of the Pledged Shares for either (i) the pledge by the
Pledgor of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement and the grant by
the Pledgor of the security interest granted hereby or for the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Pledgor or (ii) the exercise by
the Secured Party of the voting or other rights, or the remedies in respect of
any Pledged Collateral provided for in this Agreement.

      (f) Perfection. The pledge of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this
Agreement creates a valid and perfected first priority security interest in such
Pledged Collateral securing the payment of the Secured Obligations, and as a
result of the delivery of the certificates representing the Pledged Shares to
the Secured Party, together with the appropriately completed and executed
instruments of transfer, the Secured Party will have "control" over the Pledged
Shares, as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

      (g) Margin Regulations. The pledge of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to
this Agreement does not violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System.

      (h) Other Information. All information heretofore, herein or hereafter
supplied to the Secured Party by or on behalf of Pledgor with respect to the
Pledged Collateral is accurate and complete in all material respects.

SECTION 5. Transfers and Other Liens; Additional Pledged Collateral; etc.

      The Pledgor shall:

      (a) not (i) sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise
dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, any of the Pledged Collateral,
(ii) create or suffer to exist any


                                       -3-
<PAGE>

lien upon or with respect to any of the Pledged Collateral, except for the
security interest under this Agreement, or (iii) permit any issuer of Pledged
Shares to merge or consolidate, except, in each case, to the extent expressly
permitted in the Credit Agreement;

      (b) (i) cause each issuer of Pledged Shares not to issue any stock or
other securities in addition to or in substitution for the Pledged Shares issued
by such issuer except to the Pledgor, (ii) pledge hereunder, immediately upon
its acquisition (directly or indirectly) thereof, any and all additional shares
of stock or other securities of each issuer of Pledged Shares, and (iii) except
with respect to shares of common stock of Switchboard currently owned by the
Pledgor and any investments permitted to be acquired by the terms of Section 7.7
of the Credit Agreement, pledge hereunder, immediately upon its acquisition
(directly or indirectly) thereof, any and all shares of stock of or other
securities indicating ownership interest in any Person;

      (c) promptly deliver to the Secured Party all written notices received by
it with respect to the Pledged Collateral; and

      (d) pay promptly when due all taxes, assessments and governmental charges
or levies imposed upon, and all claims against, the Pledged Collateral, except
to the extent the validity thereof is being contested in good faith; provided
that the Pledgor shall in any event pay such taxes, assessments, charges, levies
or claims not later than five Business Days prior to the date of any proposed
sale under any judgment, writ or warrant of attachment entered or filed against
the Pledgor or any of the Pledged Collateral as a result of the failure to make
such payment.

SECTION 6. Further Assurances: Pledge Amendments.

      (a) The Pledgor agrees that from time to time, at its expense, the Pledgor
will promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and
take all further action, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Secured
Party may request, in order to perfect and protect any security interest granted
or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Party to exercise and
enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Pledged
Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Pledgor will:
(i) execute and file such financing or continuation statements, or amendments
thereto, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or
desirable, or as the Secured Party may request, in order to perfect and preserve
the security interests granted or purported to be granted hereby, (ii) do all
things necessary or desirable, as determined by the Secured Party, to transfer
control over any Pledged Collateral to the Secured Party including, but not
limited to, registering the Secured Party as the holder of any securities
entitlement or commodities contract, as appropriate, relating to the Pledged
Collateral and entering into any control agreement, in the form designated by
the Secured Party, pursuant to which the securities intermediary shall agree
that it will comply with the entitlement orders originated by the Secured Party
without further consent by the Pledgor, with respect to the Pledged Collateral,
and entering into any control agreement, in the form designated by the Secured
Party, pursuant to which the commodity intermediary shall agree that it will
apply any value distributed on account of any commodity contract constituting
Pledged Collateral, as directed by the Secured Party without further consent by
the Pledgor and (iii) at the Secured Party's request, appear in and defend any
action or proceeding that may affect the Pledgor's title to or the Secured
Party's security interest in all or any part of the Pledged Collateral.


                                       -4-
<PAGE>

      (b) The Pledgor further agrees that it will, upon obtaining any additional
shares of stock or other securities required to be pledged hereunder as provided
in Section 5(b), promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) deliver
to the Secured Party a Pledge Amendment, duly executed by the Pledgor, in
substantially the form of Schedule II annexed hereto a ("Pledge Amendment"), in
respect of the additional Pledged Shares to be pledged pursuant to this
Agreement. The Pledgor hereby authorizes the Secured Party to attach each Pledge
Amendment to this Agreement and agrees that all Pledged Shares listed on any
Pledge Amendment delivered to the Secured Party shall for all purposes hereunder
be considered Pledged Collateral; provided that the failure of the Pledgor to
execute a Pledge Amendment with respect to any additional Pledged Shares pledged
pursuant to this Agreement shall not impair the security interest of the Secured
Party therein or otherwise adversely affect the rights and remedies of the
Secured Party hereunder with respect thereto.

SECTION 7. Voting Rights; Dividends; Etc.

      (a) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:

            (i) The Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and
      other consensual rights pertaining to the Pledged Shares or any part
      thereof for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement
      or the Credit Agreement;

            (ii) The Pledgor shall be entitled to receive and retain, and to
      utilize free and clear of the lien of this Agreement, any and all
      dividends paid in respect of the Pledged Collateral; provided, however
      that any and all dividends paid or payable other than in cash in respect
      of, and instruments and other property received, receivable or otherwise
      distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral
      shall be, and shall forthwith be delivered to the Secured Party to hold
      as, Pledged Collateral and shall, if received by the Pledgor, be received
      in trust for the benefit of the Secured Party, and be forthwith delivered
      to the Secured Party as Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received
      (with all necessary endorsements); and

            (iii) The Secured Party shall promptly execute and deliver (or cause
      to be executed and delivered) to the Pledgor all such proxies, dividend
      payment orders and other instruments as the Pledgor may from time to time
      reasonably request for the purpose of enabling the Pledgor to exercise the
      voting and other consensual rights which it is entitled to exercise
      pursuant to paragraph (i) above and to receive the dividends, and other
      distributions which it is authorized to receive and retain pursuant to
      paragraph (ii) above.

      (b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of
Default:

            (i) upon written notice from the Secured Party to the Pledgor, all
      rights of the Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights
      which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section
      7(a)(i) shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in
      the Secured Party who shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such
      voting and other consensual rights;


                                       -5-
<PAGE>

            (ii) all rights of the Pledgor to receive the dividend and other
      distributions which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain
      pursuant to Section 7(a)(ii) shall cease, and all such rights shall
      thereupon become vested in the Secured Party who shall thereupon have the
      sole right to receive and hold as Pledged Collateral such dividends and
      other distributions;

            (iii) all dividends and other distributions which are received by
      the Pledgor contrary to the provisions of paragraph (ii) of this Section
      7(b) shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Secured Party,
      shall be segregated from other funds of the Pledgor and shall forthwith be
      paid over to the Secured Party as Pledged Collateral in the same form as
      so received (with any necessary endorsements); and

            (iv) the Secured Party may, at its discretion, transfer the Pledged
      Collateral to itself, or to its nominee.

      (c) In order to permit the Secured Party to exercise the voting and other
consensual rights which it may be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section
7(b)(i) and to receive all dividends and other distributions which it may be
entitled to receive under Section 7(a)(ii) or Section 7(b)(ii), the Pledgor
shall promptly execute and deliver (or cause to be executed and delivered) to
the Secured Party all such proxies, dividend payment orders and other
instruments as the Secured Party may from time to time reasonably request.

SECTION 8. Secured Party Appointed Attorney-in-Fact.

      The Pledgor hereby irrevocably appoints the Secured Party as the Pledgor's
attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of the Pledgor and
in the name of the Pledgor, the Secured Party or otherwise, from time to time,
while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in the Secured Party's
discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument that the Secured
Party may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this
Agreement, including without limitation:

      (a) to file one or more financing or continuation statements, or
amendments thereto, relative to all or any part of the Pledged Collateral
without the signature of the Pledgor; and

      (b) subject to the rights of the Pledgor under Section 7(a), to receive,
endorse and collect any instruments made payable to the Pledgor representing any
dividend or other distribution in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part
thereof and to give full discharge for the same.

SECTION 9. Secured Party May Perform.

      If the Pledgor fails to perform any agreement contained herein, the
Secured Party may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement, and
the reasonable expenses of the Secured Party incurred in connection therewith
shall be payable by the Pledgor under Section 14(b).

SECTION 10. Standard of Care.


                                       -6-
<PAGE>

      The powers conferred on the Secured Party hereunder are solely to protect
its interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to
exercise any such powers. Except for the exercise of reasonable care in the
custody of any Pledged Collateral in its possession and the accounting for
moneys actually received by it hereunder, the Secured Party shall have no duty
as to any Pledged Collateral, it being understood that the Secured Party shall
have no responsibility for (a) ascertaining or taking action with respect to
calls, conversions, exchanges, tenders or other matters relating to any Pledged
Collateral, whether or not the Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge
of such matters, (b) taking any necessary steps (other than steps taken in
accordance with the standard of care set forth above to maintain possession of
the Pledged Collateral) to preserve rights against any parties with respect to
any Pledged Collateral, (c) taking any necessary steps to collect or realize
upon the Secured Obligations or any guarantee therefor, or any part thereof, or
any of the Pledged Collateral, or (d) initiating any action to protect the
Pledged Collateral against the possibility of a decline in market value. The
Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody
and preservation of Pledged Collateral in its possession if such Pledged
Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which the Secured
Party accords its own property consisting of negotiable securities.

SECTION 11. Remedies.

      (a) If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
Secured Party may exercise in respect of the Pledged Collateral, in addition to
all other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it,
all the rights and remedies of a secured party on default under the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction (the "Code") (whether
or not the Code applies to the affected Pledged Collateral), and the Secured
Party may also in its sole discretion, without notice except as specified below,
sell the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public
or private sale, at any exchange or broker's board or at any of the Secured
Party's offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, at
such time or times and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the
Secured Party may deem commercially reasonable, irrespective of the impact of
any such sales on the market price of the Pledged Collateral. The Secured Party
may be the purchaser of any or all of the Pledged Collateral at any such public
sale and the Secured Party shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and
making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the
Pledged Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the
Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Pledged
Collateral payable by the Secured Party at such sale. Each purchaser at any
public or private sale shall hold the property sold absolutely free from any
claim or right on the part of the Pledgor, and the Pledgor hereby waives (to the
extent permitted by applicable law) all rights of redemption, stay and/or
appraisal which it now has or may at any time in the future have under any rule
of law or statute now existing or hereafter enacted. The Pledgor agrees that, to
the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) Business
Days' notice to the Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or the time
after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable
notification. The Secured Party shall not be obligated to make any sale of
Pledged Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Secured
Party may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement
at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice,
be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. If the proceeds of
any sale or other disposition of the Pledged Collateral are


                                       -7-
<PAGE>

insufficient to pay all the Secured Obligations, the Pledgor shall be liable for
the deficiency and the reasonable fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured
Party to collect such deficiency.

      (b) The Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions
contained in the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and applicable state
securities laws, the Secured Party may be compelled, with respect to any sale of
all or any part of the Pledged Collateral conducted without prior registration
or qualification of such Pledged Collateral under the Securities Act and/or such
state securities laws, to limit purchasers to those who will agree, among other
things, to acquire the Pledged Collateral for their own account, for investment
and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Pledgor
acknowledges that any such private sales may be at prices and on terms less
favorable than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions
(including, without limitation, a public offering made pursuant to a
registration statement under the Securities Act) and, notwithstanding such
circumstances, the Pledgor agrees that the choice of a private sale shall be
deemed to be a commercially reasonable choice and that the Secured Party shall
have no obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation to delay the sale
of any Pledged Collateral for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer
thereof to register it for a form of public sale requiring registration under
the Securities Act or under applicable state securities laws, even if such
issuer would, or should, agree to so register it.

      (c) If the Secured Party determines to exercise its right to sell any or
all of the Pledged Collateral, upon written request, the Pledgor shall and shall
cause each issuer of any Pledged Shares to be sold hereunder from time to time
to furnish to the Secured Party all such information as the Secured Party may
request in order to determine the number of shares and other instruments
included in the Pledged Collateral which may be sold by the Secured Party in
exempt transactions under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, as the same are from time to
time in effect.

SECTION 12. Application of Proceeds.

      Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, all proceeds
received by the Secured Party in respect of any sale of, collection from, or
other realization upon all or any part of the Pledged Collateral may, in the
discretion of the Secured Party, be held by the Secured Party as Pledged
Collateral for, and/or then, or at any time thereafter, applied in full or in
part by the Secured Party to the reasonable expenses of retaking, holding,
preparing for sale, selling and the like, to reasonable attorneys fees, travel
and all other expenses which may be incurred by the Secured Party in attempting
to collect the Secured Obligations or to enforce this Agreement or in the
prosecution or defense of any action or proceeding related to the subject matter
of this Agreement, and then to the Secured Obligations in the order set forth in
such order or preference as the Secured Party may determine after proper
allowance for Secured Obligations not then due. Only after such applications,
and after payment by the Secured Party of any amount required by ss.9-504(l)(c)
of the Uniform Commercial Code of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, need the
Secured Party account to the Pledgor for any surplus.

SECTION 13. Indemnity and Expenses.

      (a) The Pledgor agrees to indemnify the Secured Party and each Lender from
and against any and all claims, losses and liabilities in any way relating to,
growing out of or


                                       -8-
<PAGE>

resulting from this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
(including, without limitation, enforcement of this Agreement) except to the
extent arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured
Party or such Lender.

      (b) The Pledgor will pay to the Secured Party upon demand the amount of
any and all costs and expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of
its counsel and of any experts and agents, that the Secured Party may incur in
connection with (i) the administration of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or
preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any
of the Pledged Collateral, (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the
rights of the Secured Party hereunder, or (iv) the failure by the Pledgor to
perform or observe any of the provisions hereof.

SECTION 14. Continuing Security Interest: Transfer of Loans and Notes.

      This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged
Collateral and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the indefeasible
payment in full of all Secured Obligations and the cancellation or termination
of all of the Commitments, (b) be binding upon the Pledgor, its successors and
assigns, and (c) inure, together with the rights and remedies of the Secured
Party hereunder, to the benefit of the Secured Party and its successors,
transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause
(c), the Secured Party may assign or otherwise transfer any Loans and Notes held
by it to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested
with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to the Secured Party herein or
otherwise. Upon the indefeasible payment in full of all Secured Obligations and
the cancellation or termination of all of the Commitments, the security interest
granted hereby shall terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall
revert to the Pledgor. Upon any such termination the Secured Party will, at the
Pledgor's expense, execute and deliver to the Pledgor such documents as the
Pledgor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination and the Pledgor
shall be entitled to the return, upon its request and at its expense, against
receipt and without recourse to the Secured Party, of such of the Pledged
Collateral as shall not have been sold or otherwise applied pursuant to the
terms hereof.

SECTION 15. Amendments: Etc.

      No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or consent to
any departure by the Pledgor herefrom, shall in any event be effective unless
the same shall be in writing and signed by the Secured Party, and then such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the
specific purpose for which it was given.

SECTION 16. Notices.

      All notices hereunder to any party hereto shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been given when given in accordance with the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 17. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver: Remedies Cumulative.

      No failure or delay on the part of the Secured Party in the exercise of
any power, right or privilege hereunder shall impair such power, right or
privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence therein,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power,


                                       -9-
<PAGE>

right or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any
other power, right or privilege. All rights and remedies existing under this
Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies
otherwise available.

SECTION 18. Severability.

      In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such
provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 19. Headings.

      Section and subsection headings in this Agreement are included herein for
convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement
for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect.

SECTION 20. Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction.

      THIS AGREEMENT IS A CONTRACT UNDER THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF
MASSACHUSETTS AND SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND
GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF SAID COMMONWEALTH (EXCLUDING THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO
CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW). THE PLEDGOR CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY OF
THE FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS LOCATED IN SUFFOLK COUNTY IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF
MASSACHUSETTS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT TO ENFORCE THE RIGHTS OF THE SECURED
PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE PLEDGOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH
IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION BROUGHT
IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND
AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH ACTION THAT SUCH ACTION HAS BEEN
BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

SECTION 23. Waiver of Jury Trial.

      THE PLEDGOR HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ITS
RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF ANY
DISPUTE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER,
THE PERFORMANCE OF SUCH RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE
OF DEALINGS, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY.
EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
CLAIM OR RECOVER IN ANY LITIGATION REFERRED TO IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE ANY
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES OTHER THAN,
OR IN ADDITION TO, ACTUAL DAMAGES. THE PLEDGOR CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE SECURED PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT THE SECURED PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS. THE WAIVERS AND
CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED HEREIN CONSTITUTE A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE SECURED
PARTY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND TO MAKE THE
LOAN.

SECTION 24. Counterparts.

      This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and by
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute but one and the same instrument; signature pages may
be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single
counterpart so that all signature pages are physically attached to the same
document.


                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]


                                      -11-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pledgor and the Secured Party have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above.

                             FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                             By: /s/ Daniel G. Head. Jr.
                                 -----------------------------
                                 Daniel G. Head, Jr.
                                 Director

                             Notice Address:

                             100 Federal Street
                             Mail Stop MA DE 10008H
                             Boston, Massachusetts 02110
                             Attention: Daniel G. Head, Jr., Director
                             Facsimile: (617) 434-0819

                             with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

                             Sullivan & Worcester, LLP
                             One Post Office Square
                             Boston, MA 02109
                             Attention: Dennis J. White, Esq.
                             Facsimile: (617) 338-2880


                             ePRESENCE, INC.


                             By: /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                 -----------------------------
                                 Name: Richard M. Spaulding
                                 Title: SVP and CFO


                             Notice Address:


                             120 Flanders Road
                             P.O. Box 5013
                             Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013
                             Attention: President
                             Facsimile:


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT
                                   SCHEDULE I

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    % of
                                                            Cert.                Outstanding
Pledgor                Issuer                Class           #s       Par       Shares of Stock
- -------                ------                -----          -----     ---       ---------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>              <C>                       <C>               <C>     <C>              <C>
ePresence, Inc.  ePresence International   Common Stock      1       $.10 Par         100%
                 Incorporated (f.k.a.                                  Value
                 Banyan Systems
                 International
                 Incorporated)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  ePresence Securities      Common Stock      1       $.01 Par         100%
                 Corporation (f.k.a.                                   Value
                 Banyan Securities
                 Corporation)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  ePresence Web             Common Stock      7        No Par          100%
                 Consulting, Inc. (f k.a.                              Value
                 ePresence, Inc.)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series A          11       No Par          50%
                 Designs                   Common                      Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series A          12       No Par          50%
                 Designs                   Common                      Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          1        No Par          29.6%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                 Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          2        No Par          22.2%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                 Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          3        No Par          10.4%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                 Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          4        No Par          7.4%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                 Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          5        No Par          7.4%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                 Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          6        No Par          7.4%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                 Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          7        No Par          3.7%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                 Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                      -13-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    % of
                                                            Cert.                Outstanding
Pledgor                Issuer                Class           #s       Par       Shares of Stock
- -------                ------                -----          -----     ---       ---------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>              <C>                       <C>               <C>     <C>              <C>
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          8       No Par           2.9%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          9       No Par           2.6%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          10      No Par           1.9%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          11      No Par           1.9%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          12      No Par           .65%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          13      No Par           .65%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          14      No Par           .65%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ePresence, Inc.  Strategic Network         Series B          15      No Par           .65%
                 Designs                   Common Non-                Value
                                           Voting Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                      -14-
<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE II

                                PLEDGE AMENDMENT


      This Pledge Amendment, dated _____________, is delivered pursuant to
Section 6(b) of the Pledge Agreement referred to below. The undersigned hereby
agrees that this Pledge Amendment may be attached to the Pledge Agreement dated
as of October 6, 2000, between the undersigned and Fleet National Bank, as the
Secured Party (the "Pledge Agreement", capitalized terms defined therein being
used herein as therein defined), and that the shares listed on this Pledge
Amendment shall be deemed to be part of the Pledged Shares and shall become part
of the Pledged Collateral and shall secure all Obligations.

                                 ePRESENCE, INC.



                                 By: ___________________________
                                        [Name]
                                        [Title]

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Class            Stock                         Number
                       of           Certificate          Par           of
Stock Issuer          Stock           Numbers           Value        Shares
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                      -15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.43
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>dex1043.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CORPORATE OFFICER RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.43

                                ePresence, Inc.

                 Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement
                    Granted Under 1992 Stock Incentive Plan

     This Restricted Stock Agreement (this "Agreement") is made this 21st  day
of December, 2000 between ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and William P. Ferry (the "Participant").

     WHEREAS, the issuance of 120,000 shares of restricted stock to the
Participant was approved at the November 16, 2000 ("Grant Date") meeting of the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

     NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, receipt of which is
acknowledged, the Company and the Participant (each, a "Party" and together, the
"Parties") each agree as follows:

     1.    Purchase of Shares.

     The Company shall issue and sell to the Participant, and the Participant
shall purchase from the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and in the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended
(the "Plan"), 120,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, of the Company ("Common Stock"), at a purchase price of $0.01 per share.
The aggregate purchase price for the Shares shall be paid by the Participant by
check payable to the order of the Company or such other method as may be
acceptable to the Company.  Upon receipt by the Company of payment for the
Shares, the Company shall issue to the Participant one or more certificates in
the name of the Participant for that number of Shares purchased by the
Participant.  The Participant agrees that the Shares shall be held by an escrow
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions in Section 6 of this Agreement and
the Joint Escrow Instructions (the form of which is attached hereto as Appendix
A), subject to the Purchase Option set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and
the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

     2.    Purchase Option.

     (a)   In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by the
Company for any reason or no reason, other than a change in control, with or
without cause, or the Participant announces his intention to terminate his
employment with the Company, the Company shall have the right and option (the
"Purchase Option") to purchase from the Participant, for a sum of $0.01 per
share (the "Option Price"), any or all of the Unvested Shares (as defined
below).

                 "Unvested Shares" means the total number of Shares multiplied
by the Applicable Percentage at the time the Purchase Option becomes exercisable
by the Company. The "Applicable Percentage" shall be (i) 100% during the period
beginning on the Grant Date and ending on April 14, 2001, (ii) 75% during the
period beginning on April 15, 2001 and ending on October 14, 2001, (iii) 50%
during the period beginning on October 15, 2001 and ending on April 14, 2002,
(iv) 25% during the period beginning on April 15, 2002 and ending on October 14,
2002, and (v) zero percent after October 14, 2002.
<PAGE>

                 (b)   In the event that the Participant's employment with the
Company is terminated by reason of death or disability on or before the third
anniversary of the Grant Date, the number of the Shares for which the Purchase
Option becomes exercisable shall be fifty percent (50%) of the number of
Unvested Shares for which the Purchase Option would otherwise become
exercisable. For this purpose, "disability" shall mean the Participant's absence
from the full-time performance of the Participant's duties with the Company for
180 consecutive calendar days as a result of incapacity due to mental or
physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician
selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable to the
Participant or the Participant's legal representative.

     (c)   For purposes of this Agreement, employment with the Company
shall include employment with a parent or subsidiary of the Company.

     3.    Exercise of Purchase Option and Closing.

     (a)   The Company may exercise the Purchase Option by delivering or mailing
to the Participant (or the Participant's estate), within 60 days after the
termination of the employment of the Participant with the Company, a written
notice of exercise of the Purchase Option.  Such notice shall specify the number
of Shares to be purchased.  If and to the extent the Purchase Option is not so
exercised by the giving of such a notice within such 60-day period, the Purchase
Option shall automatically expire and terminate effective upon the expiration of
such 60-day period.

     (b)   Within 10 days after delivery to the Participant of the Company's
notice of the exercise of the Purchase Option pursuant to subsection (a) above,
the Participant (or the Participant's estate) shall, pursuant to the provisions
of the Joint Escrow Instructions referred to in Section 6, tender to the Company
at its principal offices the certificate or certificates representing the Shares
which the Company has elected to purchase in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, duly endorsed in blank or with duly endorsed stock powers attached
thereto, all in form suitable for the transfer of such Shares to the Company.
Promptly following its receipt of such certificate or certificates, the Company
shall pay to the Participant the aggregate Option Price for such Shares
(provided that any delay in making such payment shall not invalidate the
Company's exercise of the Purchase Option with respect to such Shares).

     (c)   After the time at which any Shares are required to be delivered to
the Company for transfer to the Company pursuant to subsection (b) above, the
Company shall not pay any dividend to the Participant on account of such Shares
or permit the Participant to exercise any of the privileges or rights of a
stockholder with respect to such Shares, but shall, insofar as permitted by law,
treat the Company as the owner of such Shares.

     (d)   The Option Price may be payable, at the option of the Company, in
cancellation of all or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness of the
Participant to the Company or in cash or both.


                                       2
<PAGE>

     (e)   The Company shall not purchase any fraction of a Share upon exercise
of the Purchase Option, and any fraction of a Share resulting from a computation
made pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement shall be rounded to the nearest
whole Share (with any one-half Share being rounded upward).

     (f)   The Company may assign its Purchase Option to one or more persons or
entities.

     4.    Restrictions on Transfer.

     The Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively "transfer")
any Shares, or any interest therein, that are subject to the Purchase Option,
except that the Participant may transfer such Shares to or for the benefit of
any spouse, child or grandchild, or to a trust for their benefit, provided that
such Shares shall remain subject to this Agreement (including without limitation
the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4 and the Purchase
Option), and such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer,
deliver to the Company a written instrument confirming that such transferee
shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

     5.    Effect of Prohibited Transfer.

     The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any of the
Shares which shall have been sold or transferred in violation of any of the
provisions set forth in this Agreement, or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares
or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom any such Shares shall have been so
sold or transferred.

     6.    Escrow.

     The Participant shall, upon the execution of this Agreement, execute Joint
Escrow Instructions in the form attached to this Agreement as Appendix A.  The
Joint Escrow Instructions shall be delivered to the escrow agent thereunder.
The Participant shall deliver to such escrow agent a stock assignment duly
endorsed in blank and hereby instructs the Company to deliver to such escrow
agent, on behalf of the Participant, the certificate(s) evidencing the Shares
issued hereunder.  Such materials shall be held by such escrow agent pursuant to
the terms of such Joint Escrow Instructions.

     7.    Restrictive Legend.

     All certificates representing Shares shall have affixed thereto a legend in
substantially the following form, in addition to any other legends that may be
required under federal or state securities laws:

          "The shares of stock represented by this certificate are subject to
          restrictions on transfer and an option to purchase set forth in a
          certain Restricted Stock Agreement between the corporation and the
          registered owner of these shares (or his predecessor in interest), and
          such Agreement is available for inspection without charge at the
          office of the Secretary of the corporation."

                                       3
<PAGE>

     8.    Provisions of the Plan.

     This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which
the Participant acknowledges he has been furnished with.

     9.    Withholding Taxes; Section 83(b) Election.

     (a)   The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the
right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any
federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with
respect to the purchase of the Shares by the Participant or the lapse of the
Purchase Option.

     (b)   The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has been informed
of the availability of making an election in accordance with Section 83(b) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (attached hereto as Appendix B is
the 83(b) Election Form); that such election must be filed with the Internal
Revenue Service within 30 days of the date of this Agreement; and that the
Participant is solely responsible for making such election

     (c)   The Company agrees to make a loan or loans to the Participant equal
to the amount of taxes owed by the Participant as a result of the Section 83(b)
election referred to above or, in the event no such election is made, as a
result of the vesting of the Shares hereunder, in each case in accordance with
the terms of the Company's LTI Loan Provision Program, as such program may be in
effect from time to time.

     10.   Severability.

     The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and
enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

     11.   Waiver.

     Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in this Agreement
may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

     12.   Binding Effect.

     This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Company and the Participant and their respective heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the
restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.



                                       4
<PAGE>

     13.   Notice.

     All notices, instructions and other communications given hereunder or in
connection herewith shall be in writing.  Any such notice, instruction or
communication shall be sent either (i) by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide
overnight courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: Corporate
Counsel, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013, and to the Participant at: P.O. Box 638, Hyannis, MA
02601-0638 (or to such other address as either the Company or the Participant
may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith).  Any such
notice, instruction or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered five
business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is sent via a reputable
nationwide overnight courier service. Either Party may give any notice,
instruction or other communication hereunder using any other means, but no such
notice, instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly
delivered unless and until it actually is received by the Party for whom it is
intended.


     14.   Pronouns.

     Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement shall
include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular
form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

     15.   Entire Agreement.

     This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the
Parties, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement.

     16.   Amendment.

     This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument
executed by both the Company and the Participant.

     17.   Governing Law.

     This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to
any applicable conflicts of laws.



                                       5
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.

                                  EPRESENCE, INC.

                                  By:   /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                      ---------------------------------
                                  Name: Richard M. Spaulding
                                  Title:   Senior Vice President & CFO

                                  PARTICIPANT

                                    /s/ William P. Ferry
                                  ------------------------------------
                                  William P. Ferry





                                  6
<PAGE>

                                  Appendix A

                                ePresence, Inc.

                           Joint Escrow Instructions



                                                 December 21, 2000

Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk
ePresence, Inc.
120 Flanders Road
P.O. Box 5013
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013

Dear Sir:

     As Escrow Agent for ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and the undersigned person ("Holder"), you are hereby authorized and
directed to hold the documents delivered to you pursuant to the terms of that
certain Restricted Stock Agreement (the "Agreement") of even date herewith, to
which a copy of these Joint Escrow Instructions is attached, in accordance with
the following instructions:

     1.    Appointment.  Holder irrevocably authorizes the Company to deposit
with you any certificates evidencing Shares (as defined in the Agreement) to be
held by you hereunder and any additions and substitutions to said Shares.
Holder does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint you as his attorney-in-
fact and agent for the term of this escrow to execute with respect to such
Shares all documents necessary or appropriate to make such Shares negotiable and
to complete any transaction herein contemplated.  Subject to the provisions of
this paragraph 1 and the terms of the Agreement, Holder shall exercise all
rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company while the Shares are held
by you.

     2.    Closing of Purchase.

     (a)   Upon any purchase by the Company of the Shares pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company shall give to Holder and you a written notice specifying
the purchase price for the Shares, as determined pursuant to the Agreement, and
the time for a closing hereunder (the "Closing") at the principal office of the
Company.  Holder and the Company hereby irrevocably authorize and direct you to
close the transaction contemplated by such notice in accordance with the terms
of said notice.
<PAGE>

     (b)   At the Closing, you are directed (a) to date the stock assignment
form or forms necessary for the transfer of the Shares, (b) to fill in on such
form or forms the number of Shares being transferred, and (c) to deliver same,
together with the certificate or certificates evidencing the Shares to be
transferred, to the Company against the simultaneous delivery to you of the
purchase price for the Shares being purchased pursuant to the Agreement.

     3.    Withdrawal.  The Holder shall have the right to withdraw from this
escrow any Shares as to which the Purchase Option (as defined in the Agreement)
has terminated or expired.

     4.    Duties of Escrow Agent.

     (a)   Your duties hereunder may be altered, amended, modified or revoked
only by a writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

     (b)   You shall be obligated only for the performance of such duties as are
specifically set forth herein and may rely and shall be protected in relying or
refraining from acting on any instrument reasonably believed by you to be
genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. You
shall not be personally liable for any act you may do or omit to do hereunder as
Escrow Agent or as attorney-in-fact of Holder while acting in good faith and in
the exercise of your own good judgment, and any act done or omitted by you
pursuant to the advice of your own attorneys shall be conclusive evidence of
such good faith.

     (c)   You are hereby expressly authorized to disregard any and all warnings
given by any of the parties hereto or by any other person or Company, excepting
only orders or process of courts of law, and are hereby expressly authorized to
comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any court.  In case you
obey or comply with any such order, judgment or decree of any court, you shall
not be liable to any of the parties hereto or to any other person, firm or
Company by reason of such compliance, notwithstanding any such order, judgment
or decree being subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside, vacated or
found to have been entered without jurisdiction.

     (d)   You shall not be liable in any respect on account of the identity,
authority or rights of the parties executing or delivering or purporting to
execute or deliver the Agreement or any documents or papers deposited or called
for hereunder.

     (e)   You shall be entitled to employ such legal counsel and other experts
as you may deem necessary to properly advise you in connection with your
obligations hereunder and may rely upon the advice of such counsel.

     (f)   Your rights and responsibilities as Escrow Agent hereunder shall
terminate if (i) you cease to be Assistant Clerk of the Company or (ii) you
resign by written notice to each party.  In the event of a termination under
clause (i), your successor as Assistant Clerk shall become Escrow Agent
hereunder; in the event of a termination under clause (ii), the Company shall
appoint a successor Escrow Agent hereunder.

     (g)   If you reasonably require other or further instruments in connection
with these Joint Escrow Instructions or obligations in respect hereto, the
necessary parties hereto shall join in furnishing such instruments.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     (h)   It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with
respect to the delivery and/or ownership or right of possession of the
securities held by you hereunder, you are authorized and directed to retain in
your possession without liability to anyone all or any part of said securities
until such dispute shall have been settled either by mutual written agreement of
the parties concerned or by a final order, decree or judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction after the time for appeal has expired and no appeal has
been perfected, but you shall be under no duty whatsoever to institute or defend
any such proceedings.

     (i)   These Joint Escrow Instructions set forth your sole duties with
respect to any and all matters pertinent hereto and no implied duties or
obligations shall be read into these Joint Escrow Instructions against you.

     (j)   The Company shall indemnify you and hold you harmless against any and
all damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees
and disbursements, for anything done or omitted to be done by you as Escrow
Agent in connection with this Agreement or the performance of your duties
hereunder, except such as shall result from your gross negligence or willful
misconduct.

     5.    Notice.  All notices, instructions and other communications given
hereunder or in connection herewith shall be in writing.  Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be sent to each of the other parties
thereunto entitled either (i) by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide overnight
courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at:  Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer, ePresence, 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box
5013, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013, to the Participant at:  P.O. Box 638,
Hyannis, MA 02601-0638 and to you at:  Assistant Clerk, ePresence, Inc., 120
Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013 (or to such
other address as a party may have furnished to the other parties in writing in
accordance herewith).  Any such notice, instruction or communication shall be
deemed to have been delivered five business days after it is sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or one business
day after it is sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service.  Any
party may give any notice, instruction or other communication hereunder using
any other means, but no such notice, instruction or other communication shall be
deemed to have been duly delivered unless and until it actually is received by
the party for whom it is intended.



                                       3
<PAGE>

     6.    Miscellaneous.

     (a)   By signing these Joint Escrow Instructions, you become a party hereto
only for the purpose of said Joint Escrow Instructions, and you do not become a
party to the Agreement.

     (b)   This instrument shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.





                                        Very truly yours,

                                        EPRESENCE, INC.

                                       By:    /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                            --------------------------------
                                       Name:  Richard M. Spaulding
                                       Title: Senior Vice President & CFO




                                        HOLDER

                                            /s/ William P. Ferry
                                        ------------------------------------

                                        William P. Ferry



ESCROW AGENT


  /s/ Kevin F. Newman
- ---------------------------------
Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk



                                       4
<PAGE>

                                   Appendix B

  Election to Include Value of Restricted Property in Gross Income inYear of
        Transfer Pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code

The undersigned hereby makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the property
described below and supplies the following information in accordance with Treas.
Reg. (S) 1.83-2:

The name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the undersigned are:


                      ----------------------------------
                      ----------------------------------
                      ----------------------------------


          Taxpayer identification number:  ____________________

A description of the property with respect to which this election is being made
is as follows:

  ______ shares of common stock, $_______ par value per share, of ePresence,
  Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company")

The date on which the property was transferred and the taxable year for which
this election is being made are as follows:

  Date of transfer:  _________, 2000

  Taxable year:  calendar year 2000

The nature of the restrictions to which the property is subject is as follows:

  The property is subject to vesting provisions and may be forfeited under the
  terms of a stock restriction agreement executed between the undersigned and
  the Company.



                                       5
<PAGE>

 The fair market value of the property at the time of the transfer (determined
            without regard to any lapse restriction, as defined in
                        Treas. Reg. (S) 1.83-3(i)) is:

  $_____________, equal to a fair market value of $__________ per share

The amount paid for the property by the undersigned is:

  $_____________, equal to a purchase price of $__________ per share

In accordance with Treas. Reg. (S) 1.83-2(d) & (e)(7), a copy of this statement
has been furnished to the Company.

Dated:_____________________      _____________________________________

                                 Name:________________________



                                        6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.44
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>dex1044.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CORPORATE OFFICER RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.44

                                ePresence, Inc.

                 Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement
                    Granted Under 1992 Stock Incentive Plan

     This Restricted Stock Agreement (this "Agreement") is made this 21st  day
of December, 2000 between ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and William P. Ferry (the "Participant").

     WHEREAS, the issuance of 120,000 shares of restricted stock to the
Participant was approved at the November 16, 2000 ("Grant Date") meeting of the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

     NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, receipt of which is
acknowledged, the Company and the Participant (each, a "Party" and together, the
"Parties") each agree as follows:

     1.  Purchase of Shares.

     The Company shall issue and sell to the Participant, and the Participant
shall purchase from the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and in the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended
(the "Plan"), 120,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, of the Company ("Common Stock"), at a purchase price of $0.01 per share.
The aggregate purchase price for the Shares shall be paid by the Participant by
check payable to the order of the Company or such other method as may be
acceptable to the Company.  Upon receipt by the Company of payment for the
Shares, the Company shall issue to the Participant one or more certificates in
the name of the Participant for that number of Shares purchased by the
Participant.  The Participant agrees that the Shares shall be held by an escrow
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions in Section 6 of this Agreement and
the Joint Escrow Instructions (the form of which is attached hereto as Appendix
A), subject to the Purchase Option set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and
the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

     2.  Purchase Option.

     (a) In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company
for any reason or no reason, other than a change in control, with or without
cause, or the Participant announces his intention to terminate his employment
with the Company, on or before the third anniversary of the Grant Date, the
Company shall have the right and option (the "Purchase Option") to purchase from
the Participant, for a sum of $0.01 per share (the "Option Price"), any or all
of the Unvested Shares (as defined below).

     "Unvested Shares" means the total number of Shares multiplied by the
Applicable Percentage at the time the Purchase Option becomes exercisable by the
Company.  The "Applicable Percentage" shall be (i) 100% during the period
beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the third anniversary of the Grant
Date, and (ii) zero percent after the third anniversary of the Grant Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Percentage referred to in clause
(i) above shall be reduced (x) by twenty percent (20%), if the 20 Day Fair
Market Value
<PAGE>

(as determined below) per share of Common Stock is equal to or exceeds $12.00 at
any time within twelve months of the Grant Date (provided, however, that any
such reduction under this clause (x) shall not become effective until 12 months
after the Grant Date notwithstanding the earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair
Market Value target); (y) (A), if reduced by twenty percent (20%) under clause
(x) above, by an additional thirty percent (30%) of the original Applicable
Percentage, or (B), if not reduced under clause (x) above, by fifty percent
(50%), if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock is equal to or
exceeds $18.00 at any time within twenty four months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (y) shall not
become effective until 18 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target); or (z) by such
applicable percentage to effect a one hundred percent (100%) cumulative, if
applicable, reduction, if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock
is equal to or exceeds $25.00 at any time within 36 months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (z) shall not
become effective until 24 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target).

     The "20 Day Fair Market Value" per share of Common Stock shall be
determined as follows:

          (I)    If the Common Stock is listed on a national securities
exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system, or another nationally
recognized exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation, the 20 Day
Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the arithmetic
average of the last reported sale price per share of Common Stock thereon for
the 20 trading days ended on the trading day immediately preceding the date of
calculation; or, if no such price is reported for each trading day in such 20-
trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock shall
be determined pursuant to the following clause (II).

          (II)   If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities
exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system or another nationally
recognized exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation or for each
trading day in such 20-trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per
share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the amount most recently determined
by the Board of Directors to represent the fair market value per share of the
Common Stock (including without limitation a determination for purposes of
granting Common Stock options or issuing Common Stock under an employee benefit
plan of the Company); or, if the Board of Directors has not made such a
determination within the two-month period prior to the date of calculation, then
the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock shall be the amount
determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion.

     (b)  In the event that the Participant's employment with the Company is
terminated by reason of death or disability on or before the third anniversary
of the Grant Date, the number of the Shares for which the Purchase Option
becomes exercisable shall be fifty percent (50%) of the number of Unvested
Shares for which the Purchase Option would otherwise become exercisable.  For
this purpose, "disability" shall mean the Participant's absence from the full-
time performance of the Participant's duties with the Company for 180
consecutive calendar days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical
illness which is determined to be total and


                                       2
<PAGE>

permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably
acceptable to the Participant or the Participant's legal representative.

     (c) For purposes of this Agreement, employment with the Company shall
include employment with a parent or subsidiary of the Company.

     3.  Exercise of Purchase Option and Closing.

     (a) The Company may exercise the Purchase Option by delivering or mailing
to the Participant (or the Participant's estate), within 60 days after the
termination of the employment of the Participant with the Company, a written
notice of exercise of the Purchase Option.  Such notice shall specify the number
of Shares to be purchased.  If and to the extent the Purchase Option is not so
exercised by the giving of such a notice within such 60-day period, the Purchase
Option shall automatically expire and terminate effective upon the expiration of
such 60-day period.

     (b) Within 10 days after delivery to the Participant of the Company's
notice of the exercise of the Purchase Option pursuant to subsection (a) above,
the Participant (or the Participant's estate) shall, pursuant to the provisions
of the Joint Escrow Instructions referred to in Section 6, tender to the Company
at its principal offices the certificate or certificates representing the Shares
which the Company has elected to purchase in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, duly endorsed in blank or with duly endorsed stock powers attached
thereto, all in form suitable for the transfer of such Shares to the Company.
Promptly following its receipt of such certificate or certificates, the Company
shall pay to the Participant the aggregate Option Price for such Shares
(provided that any delay in making such payment shall not invalidate the
Company's exercise of the Purchase Option with respect to such Shares).

     (c) After the time at which any Shares are required to be delivered to the
Company for transfer to the Company pursuant to subsection (b) above, the
Company shall not pay any dividend to the Participant on account of such Shares
or permit the Participant to exercise any of the privileges or rights of a
stockholder with respect to such Shares, but shall, insofar as permitted by law,
treat the Company as the owner of such Shares.

     (d) The Option Price may be payable, at the option of the Company, in
cancellation of all or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness of the
Participant to the Company or in cash or both.

     (e) The Company shall not purchase any fraction of a Share upon exercise of
the Purchase Option, and any fraction of a Share resulting from a computation
made pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement shall be rounded to the nearest
whole Share (with any one-half Share being rounded upward).

     (f) The Company may assign its Purchase Option to one or more persons or
entities.

     4.  Restrictions on Transfer.

     The Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively "transfer")
any Shares, or any interest therein,

                                       3
<PAGE>

that are subject to the Purchase Option, except that the Participant may
transfer such Shares to or for the benefit of any spouse, child or grandchild,
or to a trust for their benefit, provided that such Shares shall remain subject
to this Agreement (including without limitation the restrictions on transfer set
forth in this Section 4 and the Purchase Option), and such permitted transferee
shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver to the Company a written
instrument confirming that such transferee shall be bound by all of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

     5.  Effect of Prohibited Transfer.

     The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any of the
Shares which shall have been sold or transferred in violation of any of the
provisions set forth in this Agreement, or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares
or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom any such Shares shall have been so
sold or transferred.

     6.  Escrow.

     The Participant shall, upon the execution of this Agreement, execute Joint
Escrow Instructions in the form attached to this Agreement as Appendix A.  The
Joint Escrow Instructions shall be delivered to the escrow agent thereunder.
The Participant shall deliver to such escrow agent a stock assignment duly
endorsed in blank and hereby instructs the Company to deliver to such escrow
agent, on behalf of the Participant, the certificate(s) evidencing the Shares
issued hereunder.  Such materials shall be held by such escrow agent pursuant to
the terms of such Joint Escrow Instructions.

     7.  Restrictive Legend.

     All certificates representing Shares shall have affixed thereto a legend in
substantially the following form, in addition to any other legends that may be
required under federal or state securities laws:

          "The shares of stock represented by this certificate are subject to
          restrictions on transfer and an option to purchase set forth in a
          certain Restricted Stock Agreement between the corporation and the
          registered owner of these shares (or his predecessor in interest), and
          such Agreement is available for inspection without charge at the
          office of the Secretary of the corporation."

     8.  Provisions of the Plan.

     This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which
the Participant acknowledges he has been furnished with.

     9.  Withholding Taxes; Section 83(b) Election.

     (a) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right
to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any
federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with
respect to the purchase of the Shares by the Participant or the lapse of the
Purchase Option.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     (b) The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has been informed of
the availability of making an election in accordance with Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (attached hereto as Appendix B is the
83(b) Election Form); that such election must be filed with the Internal Revenue
Service within 30 days of the date of this Agreement; and that the Participant
is solely responsible for making such election

     (c) The Company agrees to make a loan or loans to the Participant equal to
the amount of taxes owed by the Participant as a result of the Section 83(b)
election referred to above or, in the event no such election is made, as a
result of the vesting of the Shares hereunder, in each case in accordance with
the terms of the Company's LTI Loan Provision Program, as such program may be in
effect from time to time.

     10.  Severability.

     The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and
enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

     11.  Waiver.

     Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in this Agreement
may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

     12.  Binding Effect.

     This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Company and the Participant and their respective heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the
restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

     13.  Notice.

     All notices, instructions and other communications given hereunder or in
connection herewith shall be in writing.  Any such notice, instruction or
communication shall be sent either (i) by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide
overnight courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: Corporate
Counsel, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013, and to the Participant at: P.O. Box  638, Hyannis, MA
02601-0638 (or to such other address as either the Company or the Participant
may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith).  Any such
notice, instruction or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered five
business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is sent via a reputable
nationwide overnight courier service. Either Party may give any notice,
instruction or other communication hereunder using any other means, but no such
notice, instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly
delivered unless and until it actually is received by the Party for whom it is
intended.

                                       5
<PAGE>

     14.  Pronouns.

     Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement shall
include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular
form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

     15.  Entire Agreement.

     This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the
Parties, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement.

     16.  Amendment.

     This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument
executed by both the Company and the Participant.

     17.  Governing Law.

     This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to
any applicable conflicts of laws.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.

                                  EPRESENCE, INC.

                                  By:   /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                      ------------------------------
                                  Name:  Richard M. Spaulding
                                  Title: Senior Vice President & CFO

                                  PARTICIPANT

                                   /s/ William P. Ferry
                                  ----------------------------------
                                  William P. Ferry



                                       6
<PAGE>

                                  Appendix A

                                ePresence, Inc.

                           Joint Escrow Instructions



                                    December 21, 2000

Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk
ePresence, Inc.
120 Flanders Road
P.O. Box 5013
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013

Dear Sir:

     As Escrow Agent for ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and the undersigned person ("Holder"), you are hereby authorized and
directed to hold the documents delivered to you pursuant to the terms of that
certain Restricted Stock Agreement (the "Agreement") of even date herewith, to
which a copy of these Joint Escrow Instructions is attached, in accordance with
the following instructions:

     1.   Appointment.  Holder irrevocably authorizes the Company to deposit
with you any certificates evidencing Shares (as defined in the Agreement) to be
held by you hereunder and any additions and substitutions to said Shares.
Holder does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint you as his attorney-in-
fact and agent for the term of this escrow to execute with respect to such
Shares all documents necessary or appropriate to make such Shares negotiable and
to complete any transaction herein contemplated.  Subject to the provisions of
this paragraph 1 and the terms of the Agreement, Holder shall exercise all
rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company while the Shares are held
by you.

     2.   Closing of Purchase.

     (a)  Upon any purchase by the Company of the Shares pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company shall give to Holder and you a written notice specifying
the purchase price for the Shares, as determined pursuant to the Agreement, and
the time for a closing hereunder (the "Closing") at the principal office of the
Company.  Holder and the Company hereby irrevocably authorize and direct you to
close the transaction contemplated by such notice in accordance with the terms
of said notice.
<PAGE>

     (b)  At the Closing, you are directed (a) to date the stock assignment form
or forms necessary for the transfer of the Shares, (b) to fill in on such form
or forms the number of Shares being transferred, and (c) to deliver same,
together with the certificate or certificates evidencing the Shares to be
transferred, to the Company against the simultaneous delivery to you of the
purchase price for the Shares being purchased pursuant to the Agreement.

     3.   Withdrawal.  The Holder shall have the right to withdraw from this
escrow any Shares as to which the Purchase Option (as defined in the Agreement)
has terminated or expired.

     4.   Duties of Escrow Agent.

     (a)  Your duties hereunder may be altered, amended, modified or revoked
only by a writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

     (b)  You shall be obligated only for the performance of such duties as are
specifically set forth herein and may rely and shall be protected in relying or
refraining from acting on any instrument reasonably believed by you to be
genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.
You shall not be personally liable for any act you may do or omit to do
hereunder as Escrow Agent or as attorney-in-fact of Holder while acting in good
faith and in the exercise of your own good judgment, and any act done or omitted
by you pursuant to the advice of your own attorneys shall be conclusive evidence
of such good faith.

     (c)  You are hereby expressly authorized to disregard any and all warnings
given by any of the parties hereto or by any other person or Company, excepting
only orders or process of courts of law, and are hereby expressly authorized to
comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any court.  In case you
obey or comply with any such order, judgment or decree of any court, you shall
not be liable to any of the parties hereto or to any other person, firm or
Company by reason of such compliance, notwithstanding any such order, judgment
or decree being subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside, vacated or
found to have been entered without jurisdiction.

     (d)  You shall not be liable in any respect on account of the identity,
authority or rights of the parties executing or delivering or purporting to
execute or deliver the Agreement or any documents or papers deposited or called
for hereunder.

     (e)  You shall be entitled to employ such legal counsel and other experts
as you may deem necessary to properly advise you in connection with your
obligations hereunder and may rely upon the advice of such counsel.

     (f)  Your rights and responsibilities as Escrow Agent hereunder shall
terminate if (i) you cease to be Assistant Clerk of the Company or (ii) you
resign by written notice to each party.  In the event of a termination under
clause (i), your successor as Assistant Clerk shall become Escrow Agent
hereunder; in the event of a termination under clause (ii), the Company shall
appoint a successor Escrow Agent hereunder.

     (g)  If you reasonably require other or further instruments in connection
with these Joint Escrow Instructions or obligations in respect hereto, the
necessary parties hereto shall join in furnishing such instruments.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     (h)  It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with respect
to the delivery and/or ownership or right of possession of the securities held
by you hereunder, you are authorized and directed to retain in your possession
without liability to anyone all or any part of said securities until such
dispute shall have been settled either by mutual written agreement of the
parties concerned or by a final order, decree or judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction after the time for appeal has expired and no appeal has
been perfected, but you shall be under no duty whatsoever to institute or defend
any such proceedings.

     (i)  These Joint Escrow Instructions set forth your sole duties with
respect to any and all matters pertinent hereto and no implied duties or
obligations shall be read into these Joint Escrow Instructions against you.

     (j)  The Company shall indemnify you and hold you harmless against any and
all damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees
and disbursements, for anything done or omitted to be done by you as Escrow
Agent in connection with this Agreement or the performance of your duties
hereunder, except such as shall result from your gross negligence or willful
misconduct.

     5.   Notice.  All notices, instructions and other communications given
hereunder or in connection herewith shall be in writing.  Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be sent to each of the other parties
thereunto entitled either (i) by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide overnight
courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at:  Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer, ePresence, 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box
5013, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013, to the Participant at:  P.O. Box 638,
Hyannis, MA 02601-0638 and to you at:  Assistant Clerk, ePresence, Inc., 120
Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013 (or to such
other address as a party may have furnished to the other parties in writing in
accordance herewith).  Any such notice, instruction or communication shall be
deemed to have been delivered five business days after it is sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or one business
day after it is sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service.  Any
party may give any notice, instruction or other communication hereunder using
any other means, but no such notice, instruction or other communication shall be
deemed to have been duly delivered unless and until it actually is received by
the party for whom it is intended.



                                       3
<PAGE>

     6.   Miscellaneous.

     (a)  By signing these Joint Escrow Instructions, you become a party hereto
only for the purpose of said Joint Escrow Instructions, and you do not become a
party to the Agreement.

     (b)  This instrument shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.


                              Very truly yours,

                              EPRESENCE, INC.

                              By:     /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                     ------------------------------
                              Name:  Richard M. Spaulding
                              Title: Senior Vice President & CFO




                              HOLDER

                               /s/ William P. Ferry
                              -----------------------------------

                              William P. Ferry



ESCROW AGENT


 /s/ Kevin F. Newman
- -------------------------
Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk



                                       4
<PAGE>

                                  Appendix B

  Election to Include Value of Restricted Property in Gross Income inYear of
        Transfer Pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code

The undersigned hereby makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the property
described below and supplies the following information in accordance with Treas.
Reg. (S) 1.83-2:

The name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the undersigned are:

                                __________________________________
                                __________________________________
                                __________________________________
             Taxpayer identification number:  ____________________

A description of the property with respect to which this election is being made
is as follows:

  ______ shares of common stock, $_______ par value per share, of ePresence,
  Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company")

The date on which the property was transferred and the taxable year for which
this election is being made are as follows:

  Date of transfer:  _________, 2000

  Taxable year:  calendar year 2000

The nature of the restrictions to which the property is subject is as follows:

  The property is subject to vesting provisions and may be forfeited under the
  terms of a stock restriction agreement executed between the undersigned and
  the Company.



                                       5
<PAGE>

 The fair market value of the property at the time of the transfer (determined
  without regard to any lapse restriction, as defined in Treas. Reg. (S) 1.83-
                                   3(i)) is:

  $_____________, equal to a fair market value of $__________ per share

The amount paid for the property by the undersigned is:

  $_____________, equal to a purchase price of $__________ per share

In accordance with Treas. Reg. (S) 1.83-2(d) & (e)(7), a copy of this statement
has been furnished to the Company.

Dated:______________            _________________________________

                                Name:_______________________



                                        6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.45
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>dex1045.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CORPORATE OFFICER RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.45

                                 ePresence, Inc.

                  Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement
                     Granted Under 1992 Stock Incentive Plan


      This Restricted Stock Agreement (this "Agreement") is made this 1st day of
December, 2000 between ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and Richard M. Spaulding (the "Participant").

      WHEREAS, the issuance of 80,000 shares of restricted stock to the
Participant was approved at the October 19, 2000 ("Grant Date") meeting of the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

      NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, receipt of which is
acknowledged, the Company and the Participant (each, a "Party" and together, the
"Parties") each agree as follows:

      1.    Purchase of Shares.

      The Company shall issue and sell to the Participant, and the Participant
shall purchase from the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and in the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended
(the "Plan"), 80,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, of the Company ("Common Stock"), at a purchase price of $0.01 per share.
The aggregate purchase price for the Shares shall be paid by the Participant by
check payable to the order of the Company or such other method as may be
acceptable to the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of payment for the
Shares, the Company shall issue to the Participant one or more certificates in
the name of the Participant for that number of Shares purchased by the
Participant. The Participant agrees that the Shares shall be held by an escrow
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions in Section 6 of this Agreement and
the Joint Escrow Instructions (the form of which is attached hereto as Appendix
A), subject to the Purchase Option set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and
the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

      2.    Purchase Option.

      (a) In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company
for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, or the Participant announces
his intention to terminate his employment with the Company, on or before the
third anniversary of the Grant Date, the Company shall have the right and option
(the "Purchase Option") to purchase from the Participant, for a sum of $0.01 per
share (the "Option Price"), any or all of the Unvested Shares (as defined
below).

      "Unvested Shares" means the total number of Shares multiplied by the
Applicable Percentage at the time the Purchase Option becomes exercisable by the
Company. The "Applicable Percentage" shall be (i) 100% during the period
beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the third anniversary of the Grant
Date, and (ii) zero percent after the third anniversary of the Grant Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Percentage referred to in clause
(i) above shall be reduced (x) by twenty percent (20%), if the 20 Day Fair
Market Value
<PAGE>

(as determined below) per share of Common Stock is equal to or exceeds $12.00 at
any time within twelve months of the Grant Date (provided, however, that any
such reduction under this clause (x) shall not become effective until 12 months
after the Grant Date notwithstanding the earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair
Market Value target); (y) (A), if reduced by twenty percent (20%) under clause
(x) above, by an additional thirty percent (30%) of the original Applicable
Percentage, or (B), if not reduced under clause (x) above, by fifty percent
(50%), if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock is equal to or
exceeds $18.00 at any time within twenty four months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (y) shall not
become effective until 18 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target); or (z) by such
applicable percentage to effect a one hundred percent (100%) cumulative, if
applicable, reduction, if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock
is equal to or exceeds $25.00 at any time within 36 months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (z) shall not
become effective until 24 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target).

      The "20 Day Fair Market Value" per share of Common Stock shall be
determined as follows:

            (I) If the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange,
the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system, or another nationally recognized
exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation, the 20 Day Fair Market
Value per share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the arithmetic average of
the last reported sale price per share of Common Stock thereon for the 20
trading days ended on the trading day immediately preceding the date of
calculation; or, if no such price is reported for each trading day in such
20-trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock
shall be determined pursuant to the following clause (II).

            (II) If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities
exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system or another nationally
recognized exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation or for each
trading day in such 20-trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per
share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the amount most recently determined
by the Board of Directors to represent the fair market value per share of the
Common Stock (including without limitation a determination for purposes of
granting Common Stock options or issuing Common Stock under an employee benefit
plan of the Company); or, if the Board of Directors has not made such a
determination within the two-month period prior to the date of calculation, then
the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock shall be the amount
determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion.

      (b) In the event that the Participant's employment with the Company is
terminated by reason of death or disability on or before the third anniversary
of the Grant Date, the number of the Shares for which the Purchase Option
becomes exercisable shall be fifty percent (50%) of the number of Unvested
Shares for which the Purchase Option would otherwise become exercisable. For
this purpose, "disability" shall mean the Participant's absence from the
full-time performance of the Participant's duties with the Company for 180
consecutive calendar days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical
illness which is determined to be total and


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably
acceptable to the Participant or the Participant's legal representative.

      (c) For purposes of this Agreement, employment with the Company shall
include employment with a parent or subsidiary of the Company.

      3.    Exercise of Purchase Option and Closing.

      (a) The Company may exercise the Purchase Option by delivering or mailing
to the Participant (or the Participant's estate), within 60 days after the
termination of the employment of the Participant with the Company, a written
notice of exercise of the Purchase Option. Such notice shall specify the number
of Shares to be purchased. If and to the extent the Purchase Option is not so
exercised by the giving of such a notice within such 60-day period, the Purchase
Option shall automatically expire and terminate effective upon the expiration of
such 60-day period.

      (b) Within 10 days after delivery to the Participant of the Company's
notice of the exercise of the Purchase Option pursuant to subsection (a) above,
the Participant (or the Participant's estate) shall, pursuant to the provisions
of the Joint Escrow Instructions referred to in Section 6, tender to the Company
at its principal offices the certificate or certificates representing the Shares
which the Company has elected to purchase in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, duly endorsed in blank or with duly endorsed stock powers attached
thereto, all in form suitable for the transfer of such Shares to the Company.
Promptly following its receipt of such certificate or certificates, the Company
shall pay to the Participant the aggregate Option Price for such Shares
(provided that any delay in making such payment shall not invalidate the
Company's exercise of the Purchase Option with respect to such Shares).

      (c) After the time at which any Shares are required to be delivered to the
Company for transfer to the Company pursuant to subsection (b) above, the
Company shall not pay any dividend to the Participant on account of such Shares
or permit the Participant to exercise any of the privileges or rights of a
stockholder with respect to such Shares, but shall, insofar as permitted by law,
treat the Company as the owner of such Shares.

      (d) The Option Price may be payable, at the option of the Company, in
cancellation of all or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness of the
Participant to the Company or in cash or both.

      (e) The Company shall not purchase any fraction of a Share upon exercise
of the Purchase Option, and any fraction of a Share resulting from a computation
made pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement shall be rounded to the nearest
whole Share (with any one-half Share being rounded upward).

      (f) The Company may assign its Purchase Option to one or more persons or
entities.

      4.    Restrictions on Transfer.

      The Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively "transfer")
any Shares, or any interest therein,


                                       3
<PAGE>

that are subject to the Purchase Option, except that the Participant may
transfer such Shares to or for the benefit of any spouse, child or grandchild,
or to a trust for their benefit, provided that such Shares shall remain subject
to this Agreement (including without limitation the restrictions on transfer set
forth in this Section 4 and the Purchase Option), and such permitted transferee
shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver to the Company a written
instrument confirming that such transferee shall be bound by all of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

      5.    Effect of Prohibited Transfer.

      The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any of the
Shares which shall have been sold or transferred in violation of any of the
provisions set forth in this Agreement, or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares
or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom any such Shares shall have been so
sold or transferred.

      6.    Escrow.

      The Participant shall, upon the execution of this Agreement, execute Joint
Escrow Instructions in the form attached to this Agreement as Appendix A. The
Joint Escrow Instructions shall be delivered to the escrow agent thereunder. The
Participant shall deliver to such escrow agent a stock assignment duly endorsed
in blank and hereby instructs the Company to deliver to such escrow agent, on
behalf of the Participant, the certificate(s) evidencing the Shares issued
hereunder. Such materials shall be held by such escrow agent pursuant to the
terms of such Joint Escrow Instructions.

      7.    Restrictive Legend.

      All certificates representing Shares shall have affixed thereto a legend
in substantially the following form, in addition to any other legends that may
be required under federal or state securities laws:

            "The shares of stock represented by this certificate are subject to
            restrictions on transfer and an option to purchase set forth in a
            certain Restricted Stock Agreement between the corporation and the
            registered owner of these shares (or his predecessor in interest),
            and such Agreement is available for inspection without charge at the
            office of the Secretary of the corporation."

      8.    Provisions of the Plan.

      This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which
the Participant acknowledges he has been furnished with.

      9.    Withholding Taxes; Section 83(b) Election.

      (a) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right
to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any
federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with
respect to the purchase of the Shares by the Participant or the lapse of the
Purchase Option.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      (b) The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has been informed of
the availability of making an election in accordance with Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (attached hereto as Appendix B is the
83(b) Election Form); that such election must be filed with the Internal Revenue
Service within 30 days of the date of this Agreement; and that the Participant
is solely responsible for making such election

      (c) The Company agrees to make a loan or loans to the Participant equal to
the amount of taxes owed by the Participant as a result of the Section 83(b)
election referred to above or, in the event no such election is made, as a
result of the vesting of the Shares hereunder, in each case in accordance with
the terms of the Company's LTI Loan Provision Program, as such program may be in
effect from time to time.

      10.   Severability.

      The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and
enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

      11.   Waiver.

      Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in this Agreement
may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

      12.   Binding Effect.

      This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Company and the Participant and their respective heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the
restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

      13.   Notice.

      All notices, instructions and other communications given hereunder or in
connection herewith shall be in writing. Any such notice, instruction or
communication shall be sent either (i) by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide
overnight courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: Corporate
Counsel, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013, and to the Participant at: 66 Solon Street, Newton, MA
02161 (or to such other address as either the Company or the Participant may
have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith). Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered five
business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is sent via a reputable
nationwide overnight courier service. Either Party may give any notice,
instruction or other communication hereunder using any other means, but no such
notice, instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly
delivered unless and until it actually is received by the Party for whom it is
intended.


                                       5
<PAGE>

      14.   Pronouns.

      Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement
shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the
singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

      15.   Entire Agreement.

      This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the
Parties, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement.

      16.   Amendment.

      This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument
executed by both the Company and the Participant.

      17.   Governing Law.

      This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to
any applicable conflicts of laws.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.


                       EPRESENCE, INC.


                       By: /s/ William P. Ferry
                           ----------------------------
                       Name: William P. Ferry
                             --------------------------
                       Title: Chairman and CEO
                              -------------------------


                       PARTICIPANT


                       /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                       --------------------------------
                       Richard M. Spaulding


                                        6
<PAGE>

                                   Appendix A

                                 ePresence, Inc.

                            Joint Escrow Instructions


                                          December 1, 2000

Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk
ePresence, Inc.
120 Flanders Road
P.O. Box 5013
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013


Dear Sir:

      As Escrow Agent for ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and the undersigned person ("Holder"), you are hereby authorized and
directed to hold the documents delivered to you pursuant to the terms of that
certain Restricted Stock Agreement (the "Agreement") of even date herewith, to
which a copy of these Joint Escrow Instructions is attached, in accordance with
the following instructions:

      1. Appointment. Holder irrevocably authorizes the Company to deposit with
you any certificates evidencing Shares (as defined in the Agreement) to be held
by you hereunder and any additions and substitutions to said Shares. Holder does
hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint you as his attorney-in-fact and agent
for the term of this escrow to execute with respect to such Shares all documents
necessary or appropriate to make such Shares negotiable and to complete any
transaction herein contemplated. Subject to the provisions of this paragraph 1
and the terms of the Agreement, Holder shall exercise all rights and privileges
of a stockholder of the Company while the Shares are held by you.

      2. Closing of Purchase.

      (a) Upon any purchase by the Company of the Shares pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company shall give to Holder and you a written notice specifying
the purchase price for the Shares, as determined pursuant to the Agreement, and
the time for a closing hereunder (the "Closing") at the principal office of the
Company. Holder and the Company hereby irrevocably authorize and direct you to
close the transaction contemplated by such notice in accordance with the terms
of said notice.
<PAGE>

      (b) At the Closing, you are directed (a) to date the stock assignment form
or forms necessary for the transfer of the Shares, (b) to fill in on such form
or forms the number of Shares being transferred, and (c) to deliver same,
together with the certificate or certificates evidencing the Shares to be
transferred, to the Company against the simultaneous delivery to you of the
purchase price for the Shares being purchased pursuant to the Agreement.

      3. Withdrawal. The Holder shall have the right to withdraw from this
escrow any Shares as to which the Purchase Option (as defined in the Agreement)
has terminated or expired.

      4. Duties of Escrow Agent.

      (a) Your duties hereunder may be altered, amended, modified or revoked
only by a writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

      (b) You shall be obligated only for the performance of such duties as are
specifically set forth herein and may rely and shall be protected in relying or
refraining from acting on any instrument reasonably believed by you to be
genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. You
shall not be personally liable for any act you may do or omit to do hereunder as
Escrow Agent or as attorney-in-fact of Holder while acting in good faith and in
the exercise of your own good judgment, and any act done or omitted by you
pursuant to the advice of your own attorneys shall be conclusive evidence of
such good faith.

      (c) You are hereby expressly authorized to disregard any and all warnings
given by any of the parties hereto or by any other person or Company, excepting
only orders or process of courts of law, and are hereby expressly authorized to
comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any court. In case you obey
or comply with any such order, judgment or decree of any court, you shall not be
liable to any of the parties hereto or to any other person, firm or Company by
reason of such compliance, notwithstanding any such order, judgment or decree
being subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside, vacated or found to
have been entered without jurisdiction.

      (d) You shall not be liable in any respect on account of the identity,
authority or rights of the parties executing or delivering or purporting to
execute or deliver the Agreement or any documents or papers deposited or called
for hereunder.

      (e) You shall be entitled to employ such legal counsel and other experts
as you may deem necessary to properly advise you in connection with your
obligations hereunder and may rely upon the advice of such counsel.

      (f) Your rights and responsibilities as Escrow Agent hereunder shall
terminate if (i) you cease to be Assistant Clerk of the Company or (ii) you
resign by written notice to each party. In the event of a termination under
clause (i), your successor as Assistant Clerk shall become Escrow Agent
hereunder; in the event of a termination under clause (ii), the Company shall
appoint a successor Escrow Agent hereunder.

      (g) If you reasonably require other or further instruments in connection
with these Joint Escrow Instructions or obligations in respect hereto, the
necessary parties hereto shall join in furnishing such instruments.


                                        2
<PAGE>

      (h) It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with respect
to the delivery and/or ownership or right of possession of the securities held
by you hereunder, you are authorized and directed to retain in your possession
without liability to anyone all or any part of said securities until such
dispute shall have been settled either by mutual written agreement of the
parties concerned or by a final order, decree or judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction after the time for appeal has expired and no appeal has
been perfected, but you shall be under no duty whatsoever to institute or defend
any such proceedings.

      (i) These Joint Escrow Instructions set forth your sole duties with
respect to any and all matters pertinent hereto and no implied duties or
obligations shall be read into these Joint Escrow Instructions against you.

      (j) The Company shall indemnify you and hold you harmless against any and
all damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees
and disbursements, for anything done or omitted to be done by you as Escrow
Agent in connection with this Agreement or the performance of your duties
hereunder, except such as shall result from your gross negligence or willful
misconduct.

      5. Notice. All notices, instructions and other communications given
hereunder or in connection herewith shall be in writing. Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be sent to each of the other parties
thereunto entitled either (i) by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide overnight
courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: Vice President of
Human Resources, ePresence, 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013, to the Participant at: 66 Solon Street, Newton, MA
02161 and to you at: Assistant Clerk, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O.
Box 5013, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013 (or to such other address as a
party may have furnished to the other parties in writing in accordance
herewith). Any such notice, instruction or communication shall be deemed to have
been delivered five business days after it is sent by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is
sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service. Any party may give
any notice, instruction or other communication hereunder using any other means,
but no such notice, instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have
been duly delivered unless and until it actually is received by the party for
whom it is intended.


                                        3
<PAGE>

      6. Miscellaneous.

      (a) By signing these Joint Escrow Instructions, you become a party hereto
only for the purpose of said Joint Escrow Instructions, and you do not become a
party to the Agreement.

      (b) This instrument shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.


                                    Very truly yours,

                                    EPRESENCE, INC.

                                    By: /s/ William P. Ferry
                                        --------------------------------
                                    Name: William P. Ferry
                                    Title:Chairman and CEO


                                    HOLDER

                                    /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                    -------------------------------------
                                    Richard M. Spaulding


ESCROW AGENT


/s/ Kevin F. Newman
- -----------------------------
Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk


                                        4
<PAGE>

                                   Appendix B


       Election to Include Value of Restricted Property in Gross Income in
     Year of Transfer Pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code

The undersigned hereby makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the property
described below and supplies the following information in accordance with Treas.
Reg.ss. 1.83-2:

The name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the undersigned are:


                _________________________________________________

                _________________________________________________

                _________________________________________________

            Taxpayer identification number:  ____________________

A description of the property with respect to which this election is being made
is as follows:

      ______ shares of common stock, $_______ par value per share, of ePresence,
      Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company")

The date on which the property was transferred and the taxable year for which
this election is being made are as follows:

      Date of transfer: _________, 2000

      Taxable year: calendar year 2000

The nature of the restrictions to which the property is subject is as follows:

      The property is subject to vesting provisions and may be forfeited under
      the terms of a stock restriction agreement executed between the
      undersigned and the Company.


                                        5
<PAGE>

The fair market value of the property at the time of the transfer (determined
without regard to any lapse restriction, as defined in Treas. Reg.ss.1.83-3(i))
is:

      $_____________, equal to a fair market value of $__________ per share

The amount paid for the property by the undersigned is:

      $_____________, equal to a purchase price of $__________ per share

In accordance with Treas. Reg.ss. 1.83-2(d) & (e)(7), a copy of this statement
has been furnished to the Company.

Dated: ____________________    _________________________________


                               Name: ___________________________


                                        6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.46
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>dex1046.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CORPORATE OFFICER RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.46

                                 ePresence, Inc.

                  Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement
                     Granted Under 1992 Stock Incentive Plan


      This Restricted Stock Agreement (this "Agreement") is made this 1st day of
December, 2000 between ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and Anthony J. Bellantuoni (the "Participant").

      WHEREAS, the issuance of 80,000 shares of restricted stock to the
Participant was approved at the October 19, 2000 ("Grant Date") meeting of the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

      NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, receipt of which is
acknowledged, the Company and the Participant (each, a "Party" and together, the
"Parties") each agree as follows:

      1. Purchase of Shares.

      The Company shall issue and sell to the Participant, and the Participant
shall purchase from the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and in the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended
(the "Plan"), 80,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, of the Company ("Common Stock"), at a purchase price of $0.01 per share.
The aggregate purchase price for the Shares shall be paid by the Participant by
check payable to the order of the Company or such other method as may be
acceptable to the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of payment for the
Shares, the Company shall issue to the Participant one or more certificates in
the name of the Participant for that number of Shares purchased by the
Participant. The Participant agrees that the Shares shall be held by an escrow
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions in Section 6 of this Agreement and
the Joint Escrow Instructions (the form of which is attached hereto as Appendix
A), subject to the Purchase Option set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and
the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

      2. Purchase Option.

      (a) In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company
for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, or the Participant announces
his intention to terminate his employment with the Company, on or before the
third anniversary of the Grant Date, the Company shall have the right and option
(the "Purchase Option") to purchase from the Participant, for a sum of $0.01 per
share (the "Option Price"), any or all of the Unvested Shares (as defined
below).

      "Unvested Shares" means the total number of Shares multiplied by the
Applicable Percentage at the time the Purchase Option becomes exercisable by the
Company. The "Applicable Percentage" shall be (i) 100% during the period
beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the third anniversary of the Grant
Date, and (ii) zero percent after the third anniversary of the Grant Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Percentage referred to in clause
(i) above shall be reduced (x) by twenty percent (20%), if the 20 Day Fair
Market Value
<PAGE>

(as determined below) per share of Common Stock is equal to or exceeds $12.00 at
any time within twelve months of the Grant Date (provided, however, that any
such reduction under this clause (x) shall not become effective until 12 months
after the Grant Date notwithstanding the earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair
Market Value target); (y) (A), if reduced by twenty percent (20%) under clause
(x) above, by an additional thirty percent (30%) of the original Applicable
Percentage, or (B), if not reduced under clause (x) above, by fifty percent
(50%), if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock is equal to or
exceeds $18.00 at any time within twenty four months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (y) shall not
become effective until 18 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target); or (z) by such
applicable percentage to effect a one hundred percent (100%) cumulative, if
applicable, reduction, if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock
is equal to or exceeds $25.00 at any time within 36 months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (z) shall not
become effective until 24 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target).

      The "20 Day Fair Market Value" per share of Common Stock shall be
determined as follows:

            (I) If the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange,
the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system, or another nationally recognized
exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation, the 20 Day Fair Market
Value per share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the arithmetic average of
the last reported sale price per share of Common Stock thereon for the 20
trading days ended on the trading day immediately preceding the date of
calculation; or, if no such price is reported for each trading day in such
20-trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock
shall be determined pursuant to the following clause (II).

            (II) If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities
exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system or another nationally
recognized exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation or for each
trading day in such 20-trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per
share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the amount most recently determined
by the Board of Directors to represent the fair market value per share of the
Common Stock (including without limitation a determination for purposes of
granting Common Stock options or issuing Common Stock under an employee benefit
plan of the Company); or, if the Board of Directors has not made such a
determination within the two-month period prior to the date of calculation, then
the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock shall be the amount
determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion.

      (b) In the event that the Participant's employment with the Company is
terminated by reason of death or disability on or before the third anniversary
of the Grant Date, the number of the Shares for which the Purchase Option
becomes exercisable shall be fifty percent (50%) of the number of Unvested
Shares for which the Purchase Option would otherwise become exercisable. For
this purpose, "disability" shall mean the Participant's absence from the
full-time performance of the Participant's duties with the Company for 180
consecutive calendar days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical
illness which is determined to be total and


                                        2
<PAGE>

permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably
acceptable to the Participant or the Participant's legal representative.

      (c) For purposes of this Agreement, employment with the Company shall
include employment with a parent or subsidiary of the Company.

      3. Exercise of Purchase Option and Closing.

      (a) The Company may exercise the Purchase Option by delivering or mailing
to the Participant (or the Participant's estate), within 60 days after the
termination of the employment of the Participant with the Company, a written
notice of exercise of the Purchase Option. Such notice shall specify the number
of Shares to be purchased. If and to the extent the Purchase Option is not so
exercised by the giving of such a notice within such 60-day period, the Purchase
Option shall automatically expire and terminate effective upon the expiration of
such 60-day period.

      (b) Within 10 days after delivery to the Participant of the Company's
notice of the exercise of the Purchase Option pursuant to subsection (a) above,
the Participant (or the Participant's estate) shall, pursuant to the provisions
of the Joint Escrow Instructions referred to in Section 6, tender to the Company
at its principal offices the certificate or certificates representing the Shares
which the Company has elected to purchase in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, duly endorsed in blank or with duly endorsed stock powers attached
thereto, all in form suitable for the transfer of such Shares to the Company.
Promptly following its receipt of such certificate or certificates, the Company
shall pay to the Participant the aggregate Option Price for such Shares
(provided that any delay in making such payment shall not invalidate the
Company's exercise of the Purchase Option with respect to such Shares).

      (c) After the time at which any Shares are required to be delivered to the
Company for transfer to the Company pursuant to subsection (b) above, the
Company shall not pay any dividend to the Participant on account of such Shares
or permit the Participant to exercise any of the privileges or rights of a
stockholder with respect to such Shares, but shall, insofar as permitted by law,
treat the Company as the owner of such Shares.

      (d) The Option Price may be payable, at the option of the Company, in
cancellation of all or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness of the
Participant to the Company or in cash or both.

      (e) The Company shall not purchase any fraction of a Share upon exercise
of the Purchase Option, and any fraction of a Share resulting from a computation
made pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement shall be rounded to the nearest
whole Share (with any one-half Share being rounded upward).

      (f) The Company may assign its Purchase Option to one or more persons or
entities.


                                        3
<PAGE>

      4. Restrictions on Transfer.

      The Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively "transfer")
any Shares, or any interest therein, that are subject to the Purchase Option,
except that the Participant may transfer such Shares to or for the benefit of
any spouse, child or grandchild, or to a trust for their benefit, provided that
such Shares shall remain subject to this Agreement (including without limitation
the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4 and the Purchase
Option), and such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer,
deliver to the Company a written instrument confirming that such transferee
shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

      5. Effect of Prohibited Transfer.

      The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any of the
Shares which shall have been sold or transferred in violation of any of the
provisions set forth in this Agreement, or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares
or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom any such Shares shall have been so
sold or transferred.

      6. Escrow.

      The Participant shall, upon the execution of this Agreement, execute Joint
Escrow Instructions in the form attached to this Agreement as Appendix A. The
Joint Escrow Instructions shall be delivered to the escrow agent thereunder. The
Participant shall deliver to such escrow agent a stock assignment duly endorsed
in blank and hereby instructs the Company to deliver to such escrow agent, on
behalf of the Participant, the certificate(s) evidencing the Shares issued
hereunder. Such materials shall be held by such escrow agent pursuant to the
terms of such Joint Escrow Instructions.

      7. Restrictive Legend.

      All certificates representing Shares shall have affixed thereto a legend
in substantially the following form, in addition to any other legends that may
be required under federal or state securities laws:

            "The shares of stock represented by this certificate are subject to
            restrictions on transfer and an option to purchase set forth in a
            certain Restricted Stock Agreement between the corporation and the
            registered owner of these shares (or his predecessor in interest),
            and such Agreement is available for inspection without charge at the
            office of the Secretary of the corporation."


                                        4
<PAGE>

      8. Provisions of the Plan.

      This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which
the Participant acknowledges he has been furnished with.

      9. Withholding Taxes; Section 83(b) Election.

      (a) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right
to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any
federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with
respect to the purchase of the Shares by the Participant or the lapse of the
Purchase Option.

      (b) The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has been informed of
the availability of making an election in accordance with Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (attached hereto as Appendix B is the
83(b) Election Form); that such election must be filed with the Internal Revenue
Service within 30 days of the date of this Agreement; and that the Participant
is solely responsible for making such election

      (c) The Company agrees to make a loan or loans to the Participant equal to
the amount of taxes owed by the Participant as a result of the Section 83(b)
election referred to above or, in the event no such election is made, as a
result of the vesting of the Shares hereunder, in each case in accordance with
the terms of the Company's LTI Loan Provision Program, as such program may be in
effect from time to time.

      10. Severability.

      The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and
enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

      11. Waiver.

      Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in this Agreement
may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

      12. Binding Effect.

      This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Company and the Participant and their respective heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the
restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.


                                        5
<PAGE>

      13. Notice.

      All notices, instructions and other communications given hereunder or in
connection herewith shall be in writing. Any such notice, instruction or
communication shall be sent either (i) by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide
overnight courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: Corporate
Counsel, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013, and to the Participant at: 37 Woodland Drive, Nashua,
New Hampshire 03063 (or to such other address as either the Company or the
Participant may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith).
Any such notice, instruction or communication shall be deemed to have been
delivered five business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is sent
via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service. Either Party may give any
notice, instruction or other communication hereunder using any other means, but
no such notice, instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have been
duly delivered unless and until it actually is received by the Party for whom it
is intended.

      14. Pronouns.

      Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement
shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the
singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

      15. Entire Agreement.

      This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the
Parties, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement.

      16. Amendment.

      This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument
executed by both the Company and the Participant.


                                        6
<PAGE>

      17. Governing Law.

      This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to
any applicable conflicts of laws.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.


                       EPRESENCE, INC.


                       By: /s/ William P. Ferry
                           ----------------------------
                       Name: William P. Ferry
                             --------------------------
                       Title: Chairman and CEO
                              -------------------------


                       PARTICIPANT


                       /s/ Anthony J. Bellantuoni
                       --------------------------------
                       Anthony J. Bellantuoni


                                        7
<PAGE>

                                   Appendix A

                                 ePresence, Inc.

                            Joint Escrow Instructions


                                           December 1, 2000

Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk
ePresence, Inc.
120 Flanders Road
P.O. Box 5013
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013


Dear Sir:

      As Escrow Agent for ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and the undersigned person ("Holder"), you are hereby authorized and
directed to hold the documents delivered to you pursuant to the terms of that
certain Restricted Stock Agreement (the "Agreement") of even date herewith, to
which a copy of these Joint Escrow Instructions is attached, in accordance with
the following instructions:

      1. Appointment. Holder irrevocably authorizes the Company to deposit with
you any certificates evidencing Shares (as defined in the Agreement) to be held
by you hereunder and any additions and substitutions to said Shares. Holder does
hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint you as his attorney-in-fact and agent
for the term of this escrow to execute with respect to such Shares all documents
necessary or appropriate to make such Shares negotiable and to complete any
transaction herein contemplated. Subject to the provisions of this paragraph 1
and the terms of the Agreement, Holder shall exercise all rights and privileges
of a stockholder of the Company while the Shares are held by you.

      2. Closing of Purchase.

      (a) Upon any purchase by the Company of the Shares pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company shall give to Holder and you a written notice specifying
the purchase price for the Shares, as determined pursuant to the Agreement, and
the time for a closing hereunder (the "Closing") at the principal office of the
Company. Holder and the Company hereby irrevocably authorize and direct you to
close the transaction contemplated by such notice in accordance with the terms
of said notice.
<PAGE>

      (b) At the Closing, you are directed (a) to date the stock assignment form
or forms necessary for the transfer of the Shares, (b) to fill in on such form
or forms the number of Shares being transferred, and (c) to deliver same,
together with the certificate or certificates evidencing the Shares to be
transferred, to the Company against the simultaneous delivery to you of the
purchase price for the Shares being purchased pursuant to the Agreement.

      3. Withdrawal. The Holder shall have the right to withdraw from this
escrow any Shares as to which the Purchase Option (as defined in the Agreement)
has terminated or expired.

      4. Duties of Escrow Agent.

      (a) Your duties hereunder may be altered, amended, modified or revoked
only by a writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

      (b) You shall be obligated only for the performance of such duties as are
specifically set forth herein and may rely and shall be protected in relying or
refraining from acting on any instrument reasonably believed by you to be
genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. You
shall not be personally liable for any act you may do or omit to do hereunder as
Escrow Agent or as attorney-in-fact of Holder while acting in good faith and in
the exercise of your own good judgment, and any act done or omitted by you
pursuant to the advice of your own attorneys shall be conclusive evidence of
such good faith.

      (c) You are hereby expressly authorized to disregard any and all warnings
given by any of the parties hereto or by any other person or Company, excepting
only orders or process of courts of law, and are hereby expressly authorized to
comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any court. In case you obey
or comply with any such order, judgment or decree of any court, you shall not be
liable to any of the parties hereto or to any other person, firm or Company by
reason of such compliance, notwithstanding any such order, judgment or decree
being subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside, vacated or found to
have been entered without jurisdiction.

      (d) You shall not be liable in any respect on account of the identity,
authority or rights of the parties executing or delivering or purporting to
execute or deliver the Agreement or any documents or papers deposited or called
for hereunder.

      (e) You shall be entitled to employ such legal counsel and other experts
as you may deem necessary to properly advise you in connection with your
obligations hereunder and may rely upon the advice of such counsel.

      (f) Your rights and responsibilities as Escrow Agent hereunder shall
terminate if (i) you cease to be Assistant Clerk of the Company or (ii) you
resign by written notice to each party. In the event of a termination under
clause (i), your successor as Assistant Clerk shall become Escrow Agent
hereunder; in the event of a termination under clause (ii), the Company shall
appoint a successor Escrow Agent hereunder.

      (g) If you reasonably require other or further instruments in connection
with these Joint Escrow Instructions or obligations in respect hereto, the
necessary parties hereto shall join in furnishing such instruments.


                                        2
<PAGE>

      (h) It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with respect
to the delivery and/or ownership or right of possession of the securities held
by you hereunder, you are authorized and directed to retain in your possession
without liability to anyone all or any part of said securities until such
dispute shall have been settled either by mutual written agreement of the
parties concerned or by a final order, decree or judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction after the time for appeal has expired and no appeal has
been perfected, but you shall be under no duty whatsoever to institute or defend
any such proceedings.

      (i) These Joint Escrow Instructions set forth your sole duties with
respect to any and all matters pertinent hereto and no implied duties or
obligations shall be read into these Joint Escrow Instructions against you.

      (j) The Company shall indemnify you and hold you harmless against any and
all damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees
and disbursements, for anything done or omitted to be done by you as Escrow
Agent in connection with this Agreement or the performance of your duties
hereunder, except such as shall result from your gross negligence or willful
misconduct.

      5. Notice. All notices, instructions and other communications given
hereunder or in connection herewith shall be in writing. Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be sent to each of the other parties
thereunto entitled either (i) by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide overnight
courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: CFO, ePresence, 120
Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013, to the
Participant at: 37 Woodland Drive, Nashua, New Hampshire 03063, and to you at:
Assistant Clerk, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013 (or to such other address as a party may have furnished
to the other parties in writing in accordance herewith). Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered five
business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is sent via a reputable
nationwide overnight courier service. Any party may give any notice, instruction
or other communication hereunder using any other means, but no such notice,
instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly delivered
unless and until it actually is received by the party for whom it is intended.


                                        3
<PAGE>

      6. Miscellaneous.

      (a) By signing these Joint Escrow Instructions, you become a party hereto
only for the purpose of said Joint Escrow Instructions, and you do not become a
party to the Agreement.

      (b) This instrument shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.


                                    Very truly yours,

                                    EPRESENCE, INC.

                                    By: /s/ William P. Ferry
                                        --------------------------------
                                    Name: William P. Ferry
                                    Title:Chairman and CEO


                                    HOLDER


                                    /s/ Anthony J. Bellantuoni
                                    ------------------------------------
                                    Anthony J. Bellantuoni


ESCROW AGENT


/s/ Kevin F. Newman
- ---------------------------
Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk


                                        4
<PAGE>

                                   Appendix B

       Election to Include Value of Restricted Property in Gross Income in


     Year of Transfer Pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code

The undersigned hereby makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the property
described below and supplies the following information in accordance with Treas.
Reg.ss. 1.83-2:

The name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the undersigned are:


                _________________________________________________

                _________________________________________________

                _________________________________________________

            Taxpayer identification number:  ____________________


A description of the property with respect to which this election is being made
is as follows:

      ______ shares of common stock, $_______ par value per share, of ePresence,
      Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company")

The date on which the property was transferred and the taxable year for which
this election is being made are as follows:

      Date of transfer: _________, 2000

      Taxable year: calendar year 2000

The nature of the restrictions to which the property is subject is as follows:

      The property is subject to vesting provisions and may be forfeited under
      the terms of a stock restriction agreement executed between the
      undersigned and the Company.


                                        5
<PAGE>

The fair market value of the property at the time of the transfer (determined
without regard to any lapse restriction, as defined in Treas. Reg.ss.1.83-3(i))
is:

      $_____________, equal to a fair market value of $__________ per share

The amount paid for the property by the undersigned is:

      $_____________, equal to a purchase price of $__________ per share

In accordance with Treas. Reg.ss. 1.83-2(d) & (e)(7), a copy of this statement
has been furnished to the Company.


Dated: ____________________    _________________________________


                               Name: ___________________________


                                        6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.47
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>dex1047.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CORPORATE OFFICER RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.47


                                 ePresence, Inc.

                  Corporate Officer Restricted Stock Agreement
                     Granted Under 1992 Stock Incentive Plan


      This Restricted Stock Agreement (this "Agreement") is made this 1st day of
December, 2000 between ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and Scott G. Silk (the "Participant").

      WHEREAS, the issuance of 80,000 shares of restricted stock to the
Participant was approved at the October 19, 2000 ("Grant Date") meeting of the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

      NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, receipt of which is
acknowledged, the Company and the Participant (each, a "Party" and together, the
"Parties") each agree as follows:

      1. Purchase of Shares.

      The Company shall issue and sell to the Participant, and the Participant
shall purchase from the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and in the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended
(the "Plan"), 80,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, of the Company ("Common Stock"), at a purchase price of $0.01 per share.
The aggregate purchase price for the Shares shall be paid by the Participant by
check payable to the order of the Company or such other method as may be
acceptable to the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of payment for the
Shares, the Company shall issue to the Participant one or more certificates in
the name of the Participant for that number of Shares purchased by the
Participant. The Participant agrees that the Shares shall be held by an escrow
agent pursuant to the terms and conditions in Section 6 of this Agreement and
the Joint Escrow Instructions (the form of which is attached hereto as Appendix
A), subject to the Purchase Option set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement and
the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

      2. Purchase Option.

      (a) In the event that the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company
for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, or the Participant announces
his intention to terminate his employment with the Company, on or before the
third anniversary of the Grant Date, the Company shall have the right and option
(the "Purchase Option") to purchase from the Participant, for a sum of $0.01 per
share (the "Option Price"), any or all of the Unvested Shares (as defined
below).

      "Unvested Shares" means the total number of Shares multiplied by the
Applicable Percentage at the time the Purchase Option becomes exercisable by the
Company. The "Applicable Percentage" shall be (i) 100% during the period
beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the third anniversary of the Grant
Date, and (ii) zero percent after the third anniversary of the Grant Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Percentage referred to in clause
(i) above shall be reduced (x) by twenty percent (20%), if the 20 Day Fair
Market Value
<PAGE>

(as determined below) per share of Common Stock is equal to or exceeds $12.00 at
any time within twelve months of the Grant Date (provided, however, that any
such reduction under this clause (x) shall not become effective until 12 months
after the Grant Date notwithstanding the earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair
Market Value target); (y) (A), if reduced by twenty percent (20%) under clause
(x) above, by an additional thirty percent (30%) of the original Applicable
Percentage, or (B), if not reduced under clause (x) above, by fifty percent
(50%), if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock is equal to or
exceeds $18.00 at any time within twenty four months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (y) shall not
become effective until 18 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target); or (z) by such
applicable percentage to effect a one hundred percent (100%) cumulative, if
applicable, reduction, if the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock
is equal to or exceeds $25.00 at any time within 36 months of the Grant Date
(provided, however, that any such reduction under this clause (z) shall not
become effective until 24 months after the Grant Date notwithstanding the
earlier achievement of such 20 Day Fair Market Value target).

      The "20 Day Fair Market Value" per share of Common Stock shall be
determined as follows:

            (I) If the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange,
the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system, or another nationally recognized
exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation, the 20 Day Fair Market
Value per share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the arithmetic average of
the last reported sale price per share of Common Stock thereon for the 20
trading days ended on the trading day immediately preceding the date of
calculation; or, if no such price is reported for each trading day in such
20-trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock
shall be determined pursuant to the following clause (II).

            (II) If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities
exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq system or another nationally
recognized exchange or trading system as of the date of calculation or for each
trading day in such 20-trading day period, the 20 Day Fair Market Value per
share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the amount most recently determined
by the Board of Directors to represent the fair market value per share of the
Common Stock (including without limitation a determination for purposes of
granting Common Stock options or issuing Common Stock under an employee benefit
plan of the Company); or, if the Board of Directors has not made such a
determination within the two-month period prior to the date of calculation, then
the 20 Day Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock shall be the amount
determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion.

      (b) In the event that the Participant's employment with the Company is
terminated by reason of death or disability on or before the third anniversary
of the Grant Date, the number of the Shares for which the Purchase Option
becomes exercisable shall be fifty percent (50%) of the number of Unvested
Shares for which the Purchase Option would otherwise become exercisable. For
this purpose, "disability" shall mean the Participant's absence from the
full-time performance of the Participant's duties with the Company for 180
consecutive calendar days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical
illness which is determined to be total and


                                        2
<PAGE>

permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably
acceptable to the Participant or the Participant's legal representative.

      (c) For purposes of this Agreement, employment with the Company shall
include employment with a parent or subsidiary of the Company.

      (d) If a Change in Control Date (as defined below) occurs on or prior to
the third anniversary of the Grant Date, the Applicable Percentage shall be
zero. The following definitions apply to this provision:

            (i) "Change in Control" means an event or occurrence set forth in
any one or more of Section 2(d)(i)(A) through 2(d)(i)(D) below (including an
event or occurrence that constitutes a Change in Control under one of such
Sections but is specifically exempted from another such Section):

                  (A) the acquisition by an individual, entity or group (within
the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership of
any capital stock of the Company if, after such acquisition, such Person
beneficially owns (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act) 50% or more of either (1) the then-outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company (the "Outstanding Company Common Stock"), or (2) the
combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the Company entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting
Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 2(d)(i)(A),
the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (1) any
acquisition directly from the Company (excluding an acquisition pursuant to the
exercise, conversion or exchange of any security exercisable for, convertible
into or exchangeable for common stock or voting securities of the Company,
unless the Person exercising, converting or exchanging such security acquired
such security directly from the Company or an underwriter or agent of the
Company), (2) any acquisition by the Company, (3) any acquisition by any
employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company
or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (4) any acquisition by any
corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (1) and (2) of
Section 2(d)(i)(C) hereof; or

                  (B) such time as the Continuing Directors (as defined below)
do not constitute a majority of the Board (or, if applicable, the Board of
Directors of a successor corporation to the Company), where the term "Continuing
Director" means at any date a member of the Board (1) who was a member of the
Board on the date of the execution of this Agreement or (2) who was nominated or
elected subsequent to such date by at least a majority of the directors who were
Continuing Directors at the time of such nomination or election or whose
election to the Board was recommended or endorsed by at least a majority of the
directors who were Continuing Directors at the time of such nomination or
election; provided, however, that there shall be excluded from this clause (2)
any individual whose initial assumption of office occurred as a result of an
actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of
directors or other actual or threatened solicitation o proxies or consents, by
or on behalf of a person other than the Board; or


                                        3
<PAGE>

                  (C) the consummation of a merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization or statutory share exchange involving the
Company or a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company (a "Business Combination"), unless, immediately following such
Business Combination, each of the following two conditions is satisfied: (1) all
or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial
owners of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own,
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of common
stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors, respectively, of the resulting
or acquiring corporation in such Business Combination (which shall include,
without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the
Company or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through
one or more subsidiaries) (such resulting or acquiring corporation is referred
to herein as the "Acquiring Corporation") in substantially the same proportions
as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the
Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities,
respectively; and (2) no Person (excluding the Acquiring Corporation, or any
employee benefit plan (or related trust) maintained or sponsored by the Company
or by the Acquiring Corporation) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50%
or more of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Acquiring
Corporation, or of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities
of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
(except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business
combination); or

                  (D) approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

            (ii) "Change in Control Date" means the date on which a Change in
Control occurs. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if
(A) a Change in Control occurs, (B) the Participant's employment with the
Company is terminated prior to the date on which the Change in Control occurs,
and (C) it is reasonably demonstrated by the Participant that such termination
of employment (X) was at the request of a third party who has taken steps
reasonably calculated to effect a Change in Control or (Y) otherwise arose in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change in Control, then for all purposes
of this Agreement the "Change in Control Date" shall mean the date immediately
prior to the date of such termination of employment.

      3. Exercise of Purchase Option and Closing.

      (a) The Company may exercise the Purchase Option by delivering or mailing
to the Participant (or the Participant's estate), within 60 days after the
termination of the employment of the Participant with the Company, a written
notice of exercise of the Purchase Option. Such notice shall specify the number
of Shares to be purchased. If and to the extent the Purchase Option is not so
exercised by the giving of such a notice within such 60-day period, the Purchase
Option shall automatically expire and terminate effective upon the expiration of
such 60-day period.


                                        4
<PAGE>

      (b) Within 10 days after delivery to the Participant of the Company's
notice of the exercise of the Purchase Option pursuant to subsection (a) above,
the Participant (or the Participant's estate) shall, pursuant to the provisions
of the Joint Escrow Instructions referred to in Section 6, tender to the Company
at its principal offices the certificate or certificates representing the Shares
which the Company has elected to purchase in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, duly endorsed in blank or with duly endorsed stock powers attached
thereto, all in form suitable for the transfer of such Shares to the Company.
Promptly following its receipt of such certificate or certificates, the Company
shall pay to the Participant the aggregate Option Price for such Shares
(provided that any delay in making such payment shall not invalidate the
Company's exercise of the Purchase Option with respect to such Shares).

      (c) After the time at which any Shares are required to be delivered to the
Company for transfer to the Company pursuant to subsection (b) above, the
Company shall not pay any dividend to the Participant on account of such Shares
or permit the Participant to exercise any of the privileges or rights of a
stockholder with respect to such Shares, but shall, insofar as permitted by law,
treat the Company as the owner of such Shares.

      (d) The Option Price may be payable, at the option of the Company, in
cancellation of all or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness of the
Participant to the Company or in cash or both.

      (e) The Company shall not purchase any fraction of a Share upon exercise
of the Purchase Option, and any fraction of a Share resulting from a computation
made pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement shall be rounded to the nearest
whole Share (with any one-half Share being rounded upward).

      (f) The Company may assign its Purchase Option to one or more persons or
entities.

      4. Restrictions on Transfer.

      The Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively "transfer")
any Shares, or any interest therein, that are subject to the Purchase Option,
except that the Participant may transfer such Shares to or for the benefit of
any spouse, child or grandchild, or to a trust for their benefit, provided that
such Shares shall remain subject to this Agreement (including without limitation
the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4 and the Purchase
Option), and such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer,
deliver to the Company a written instrument confirming that such transferee
shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

      5. Effect of Prohibited Transfer.

      The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any of the
Shares which shall have been sold or transferred in violation of any of the
provisions set forth in this Agreement, or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares
or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom any such Shares shall have been so
sold or transferred.


                                        5
<PAGE>

      6. Escrow.

      The Participant shall, upon the execution of this Agreement, execute Joint
Escrow Instructions in the form attached to this Agreement as Appendix A. The
Joint Escrow Instructions shall be delivered to the escrow agent thereunder. The
Participant shall deliver to such escrow agent a stock assignment duly endorsed
in blank and hereby instructs the Company to deliver to such escrow agent, on
behalf of the Participant, the certificate(s) evidencing the Shares issued
hereunder. Such materials shall be held by such escrow agent pursuant to the
terms of such Joint Escrow Instructions.

      7. Restrictive Legend.

      All certificates representing Shares shall have affixed thereto a legend
in substantially the following form, in addition to any other legends that may
be required under federal or state securities laws:

            "The shares of stock represented by this certificate are subject to
            restrictions on transfer and an option to purchase set forth in a
            certain Restricted Stock Agreement between the corporation and the
            registered owner of these shares (or his predecessor in interest),
            and such Agreement is available for inspection without charge at the
            office of the Secretary of the corporation."

      8. Provisions of the Plan.

      This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which
the Participant acknowledges he has been furnished with.

      9. Withholding Taxes; Section 83(b) Election.

      (a) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right
to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any
federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with
respect to the purchase of the Shares by the Participant or the lapse of the
Purchase Option.

      (b) The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has been informed of
the availability of making an election in accordance with Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (attached hereto as Appendix B is the
83(b) Election Form); that such election must be filed with the Internal Revenue
Service within 30 days of the date of this Agreement; and that the Participant
is solely responsible for making such election

      (c) The Company agrees to make a loan or loans to the Participant equal to
the amount of taxes owed by the Participant as a result of the Section 83(b)
election referred to above or, in the event no such election is made, as a
result of the vesting of the Shares hereunder, in each case in accordance with
the terms of the Company's LTI Loan Provision Program, as such program may be in
effect from time to time.


                                        6
<PAGE>

      10. Severability.

      The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and
enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

      11. Waiver.

      Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in this Agreement
may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the
Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

      12. Binding Effect.

      This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Company and the Participant and their respective heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the
restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

      13. Notice.

      All notices, instructions and other communications given hereunder or in
connection herewith shall be in writing. Any such notice, instruction or
communication shall be sent either (i) by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide
overnight courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: Corporate
Counsel, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013, and to the Participant at: 30 Partridge Lane, Boxford,
MA 01921 (or to such other address as either the Company or the Participant may
have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith). Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered five
business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is sent via a reputable
nationwide overnight courier service. Either Party may give any notice,
instruction or other communication hereunder using any other means, but no such
notice, instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly
delivered unless and until it actually is received by the Party for whom it is
intended.

      14. Pronouns.

      Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement
shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the
singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

      15. Entire Agreement.

      This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the
Parties, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement.


                                        7
<PAGE>

      16. Amendment.

      This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument
executed by both the Company and the Participant.

      17. Governing Law.

      This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to
any applicable conflicts of laws.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.


                       EPRESENCE, INC.


                       By: /s/ William P. Ferry
                           ----------------------------
                       Name: William P. Ferry
                             --------------------------
                       Title: Chairman and CEO
                              -------------------------


                       PARTICIPANT


                       /s/ Scott G. Silk
                       --------------------------------
                       Scott G. Silk


                                        8
<PAGE>

                                   Appendix A

                                 ePresence, Inc.

                            Joint Escrow Instructions


                                          December 1, 2000

Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk
ePresence, Inc.
120 Flanders Road
P.O. Box 5013
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013


Dear Sir:

      As Escrow Agent for ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the
"Company"), and the undersigned person ("Holder"), you are hereby authorized and
directed to hold the documents delivered to you pursuant to the terms of that
certain Restricted Stock Agreement (the "Agreement") of even date herewith, to
which a copy of these Joint Escrow Instructions is attached, in accordance with
the following instructions:

      1. Appointment. Holder irrevocably authorizes the Company to deposit with
you any certificates evidencing Shares (as defined in the Agreement) to be held
by you hereunder and any additions and substitutions to said Shares. Holder does
hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint you as his attorney-in-fact and agent
for the term of this escrow to execute with respect to such Shares all documents
necessary or appropriate to make such Shares negotiable and to complete any
transaction herein contemplated. Subject to the provisions of this paragraph 1
and the terms of the Agreement, Holder shall exercise all rights and privileges
of a stockholder of the Company while the Shares are held by you.

      2. Closing of Purchase.

      (a) Upon any purchase by the Company of the Shares pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company shall give to Holder and you a written notice specifying
the purchase price for the Shares, as determined pursuant to the Agreement, and
the time for a closing hereunder (the "Closing") at the principal office of the
Company. Holder and the Company hereby irrevocably authorize and direct you to
close the transaction contemplated by such notice in accordance with the terms
of said notice.
<PAGE>

      (b) At the Closing, you are directed (a) to date the stock assignment form
or forms necessary for the transfer of the Shares, (b) to fill in on such form
or forms the number of Shares being transferred, and (c) to deliver same,
together with the certificate or certificates evidencing the Shares to be
transferred, to the Company against the simultaneous delivery to you of the
purchase price for the Shares being purchased pursuant to the Agreement.

      3. Withdrawal. The Holder shall have the right to withdraw from this
escrow any Shares as to which the Purchase Option (as defined in the Agreement)
has terminated or expired.

      4. Duties of Escrow Agent.

      (a) Your duties hereunder may be altered, amended, modified or revoked
only by a writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

      (b) You shall be obligated only for the performance of such duties as are
specifically set forth herein and may rely and shall be protected in relying or
refraining from acting on any instrument reasonably believed by you to be
genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. You
shall not be personally liable for any act you may do or omit to do hereunder as
Escrow Agent or as attorney-in-fact of Holder while acting in good faith and in
the exercise of your own good judgment, and any act done or omitted by you
pursuant to the advice of your own attorneys shall be conclusive evidence of
such good faith.

      (c) You are hereby expressly authorized to disregard any and all warnings
given by any of the parties hereto or by any other person or Company, excepting
only orders or process of courts of law, and are hereby expressly authorized to
comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any court. In case you obey
or comply with any such order, judgment or decree of any court, you shall not be
liable to any of the parties hereto or to any other person, firm or Company by
reason of such compliance, notwithstanding any such order, judgment or decree
being subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside, vacated or found to
have been entered without jurisdiction.

      (d) You shall not be liable in any respect on account of the identity,
authority or rights of the parties executing or delivering or purporting to
execute or deliver the Agreement or any documents or papers deposited or called
for hereunder.

      (e) You shall be entitled to employ such legal counsel and other experts
as you may deem necessary to properly advise you in connection with your
obligations hereunder and may rely upon the advice of such counsel.

      (f) Your rights and responsibilities as Escrow Agent hereunder shall
terminate if (i) you cease to be Assistant Clerk of the Company or (ii) you
resign by written notice to each party. In the event of a termination under
clause (i), your successor as Assistant Clerk shall become Escrow Agent
hereunder; in the event of a termination under clause (ii), the Company shall
appoint a successor Escrow Agent hereunder.


                                        2
<PAGE>

      (g) If you reasonably require other or further instruments in connection
with these Joint Escrow Instructions or obligations in respect hereto, the
necessary parties hereto shall join in furnishing such instruments.

      (h) It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with respect
to the delivery and/or ownership or right of possession of the securities held
by you hereunder, you are authorized and directed to retain in your possession
without liability to anyone all or any part of said securities until such
dispute shall have been settled either by mutual written agreement of the
parties concerned or by a final order, decree or judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction after the time for appeal has expired and no appeal has
been perfected, but you shall be under no duty whatsoever to institute or defend
any such proceedings.

      (i) These Joint Escrow Instructions set forth your sole duties with
respect to any and all matters pertinent hereto and no implied duties or
obligations shall be read into these Joint Escrow Instructions against you.

      (j) The Company shall indemnify you and hold you harmless against any and
all damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees
and disbursements, for anything done or omitted to be done by you as Escrow
Agent in connection with this Agreement or the performance of your duties
hereunder, except such as shall result from your gross negligence or willful
misconduct.

      5. Notice. All notices, instructions and other communications given
hereunder or in connection herewith shall be in writing. Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be sent to each of the other parties
thereunto entitled either (i) by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) prepaid via a reputable nationwide overnight
courier service, in each case addressed to the Company at: CFO, ePresence, 120
Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013, to the
Participant at: 30 Partridge Lane, Boxford, MA 01921 and to you at: Assistant
Clerk, ePresence, Inc., 120 Flanders Road, P.O. Box 5013, Westboro,
Massachusetts 01581-5013 (or to such other address as a party may have furnished
to the other parties in writing in accordance herewith). Any such notice,
instruction or communication shall be deemed to have been delivered five
business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or one business day after it is sent via a reputable
nationwide overnight courier service. Any party may give any notice, instruction
or other communication hereunder using any other means, but no such notice,
instruction or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly delivered
unless and until it actually is received by the party for whom it is intended.


                                        3
<PAGE>

      6. Miscellaneous.

      (a) By signing these Joint Escrow Instructions, you become a party hereto
only for the purpose of said Joint Escrow Instructions, and you do not become a
party to the Agreement.

      (b) This instrument shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.


                                    Very truly yours,

                                    EPRESENCE, INC.

                                    By: /s/ William P. Ferry
                                        --------------------------------
                                    Name: William P. Ferry
                                    Title: Chairman and CEO


                                    HOLDER

                                    /s/ Scott G. Silk
                                    --------------------------------------
                                    Scott G. Silk


ESCROW AGENT


/s/ Kevin F. Newman
- -----------------------------
Kevin F. Newman
Assistant Clerk


                                        4
<PAGE>

                                   Appendix B


       Election to Include Value of Restricted Property in Gross Income in
     Year of Transfer Pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code

The undersigned hereby makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the property
described below and supplies the following information in accordance with Treas.
Reg. ss. 1.83-2:

The name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the undersigned are:


                _________________________________________________

                _________________________________________________

                _________________________________________________

            Taxpayer identification number:  ____________________

A description of the property with respect to which this election is being made
is as follows:

      ______ shares of common stock, $_______ par value per share, of ePresence,
      Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company")

The date on which the property was transferred and the taxable year for which
this election is being made are as follows:

      Date of transfer: _________, 2000

      Taxable year: calendar year 2000

The nature of the restrictions to which the property is subject is as follows:

      The property is subject to vesting provisions and may be forfeited under
      the terms of a stock restriction agreement executed between the
      undersigned and the Company.


                                        5
<PAGE>

The fair market value of the property at the time of the transfer (determined
without regard to any lapse restriction, as defined in Treas. Reg.ss.1.83-3(i))
is:

      $_____________, equal to a fair market value of $__________ per share

The amount paid for the property by the undersigned is:

      $_____________, equal to a purchase price of $__________ per share

In accordance with Treas. Reg.ss. 1.83-2(d) & (e)(7), a copy of this statement
has been furnished to the Company.


Dated: ____________________    _________________________________


                               Name: ___________________________


                                        6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.48
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>dex1048.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.48


                             SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

                                 October 8, 2000

$27,110.40                                              Westboro, Massachusetts

      For value received, Scott Silk (the "Borrower") promises to pay to the
order of ePresence Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), at the
offices of the Company or such other place as the Company hereafter shall
designate Twenty-Seven Thousand One Hundred Ten Dollars and Forty Cents
($27,110.40) to satisfy his federal and state tax obligations with respect to
the vesting of 15,000 shares of restricted stock of the Company (the "Shares"),
pursuant to the Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement dated October 8,
1999 (the "Agreement"), in which a total of 30,000 restricted shares of common
stock of the Company were issued and sold to the Borrower. Interest shall accrue
on a daily basis on the unpaid principal balance from time to time outstanding
at the rate of prime less 1% per annum, beginning on the date that first appears
above. The principal and all accrued interest of this Note shall be repaid in
full on January 8, 2002. This Note shall immediately become due and payable in
full, as provided below.

      The Borrower acknowledges that this Note must be repaid in full prior to
the due date, upon the sale by the Borrower of any of the Shares.

      Payment of this Note is secured by a security interest in the Shares,
pursuant to a pledge agreement of even date herewith between the Company and the
Borrower (the "Pledge Agreement"). This Note is recourse to the Borrower for the
entire principal sum borrowed, plus interest, and is subject to, and secured by,
and entitled to the benefits of the Pledge Agreement.

      At the option of the Company, this Note shall become immediately due and
payable without notice or demand upon the occurrence at any time of any of the
following events ("Events of Default"):

      (1)   Borrower's voluntary termination of his employment with the Company
            for any reason prior to the repayment in full of the principal and
            any accrued interest due and payable on this Note; or

      (2)   If Borrower is not paying his debts as they become due, becomes
            insolvent, files or has filed against him a petition under any
            chapter of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. ss. 101 et
            seq. (or any similar petition under any insolvency law of any
            jurisdiction), proposes any liquidation, composition or financial
            reorganization with his creditors, makes an assignment or trust
            mortgage for the benefit of creditors, or if a receiver, trustee,
            custodian or similar agent is appointed or takes possession with
            respect to any property or business of the Borrower; or

      (3)   The occurrence of any Default (as defined therein) under the Pledge
            Agreement.

      Upon the occurrence of any of the Events of Default, the Company shall
have then, or at any time thereafter, all of the rights and remedies afforded by
the Uniform Commercial Code as from


                                       -1-
<PAGE>

time to time in effect in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or afforded by other
applicable law or under this Note or the Pledge Agreement.

      Upon the involuntary termination of Borrower by the Company prior to the
repayment in full of the principal amount and any accrued interest due and
payable on this Note, Borrower shall have 90 days from the date of such
termination to repay the principal and any accrued interest under this Note.

      In no event shall any interest charged, collected or reserved under this
Note exceed the maximum rate then permitted by applicable law and if any such
payment is paid by the holder such payment shall be treated as a payment of
principal.

      All payments by the Borrower under this Note shall be made without set-off
or counterclaim and shall be free and clear and without deduction or withholding
for any taxes or fees of any nature whatever, unless the obligation to make such
deduction or withholding is imposed by law. The Borrower shall pay and save the
holder harmless from all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay
or omission to make any such deduction or withholding required by law.

      Whenever any amount is paid under this Note, all or part of the amount
paid may be applied to principal, interest, premium or interest in such order
and manner as shall be determined by the holder in its discretion.

      No reference in this Note to any other document shall impair the
obligation of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay all
amounts under this Note strictly in accordance with the terms of this Note.

      No delay or omission on the part of the Company in exercising any right
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right of such
Company, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a
bar to or waiver of the same or any other right on any future occasion.

      The Borrower waives presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default or enforcement hereof and also waives any delay on the part of the
Company. No discharge or release of any other party primarily or secondarily
liable hereon shall discharge or otherwise affect the liability of the Borrower
to the Company.

      None of the terms or provisions of this Note may be excluded, modified, or
amended except by a written instrument duly executed on behalf of the Borrower
expressly referring hereto and setting forth the provision so excluded, modified
or amended.

      The Borrower will pay on demand all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the Company in enforcing the obligations
under or in connection with this Note or the Pledge Agreement.

      This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and each endorser and
guarantor hereof and upon their heirs, successors and representatives, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors, endorsees and assigns.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time or from time to
time with the consent of the holder, with the giving of such consent to be in
the sole discretion of the holder, provided that the Company shall retain the
security interest in the Shares under the Pledge Agreement until the principal
amount and accrued interest under this Note are paid in full. Any prepayment
shall be without premium or penalty.

      The Borrower irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts for the purpose of any suit, action or other
proceeding brought by the Company arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
and the Borrower waives and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as a defense
or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that the Borrower
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts or the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts or that the Borrower's property is exempt or immune from execution
or attachment, either prior to judgment or in aid of execution, that the suit,
action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of
the suit, action or proceeding is improper, or that this Note or the subject
matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.

      This Note shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance
with, the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard
to its principles of conflicts of laws. This Note shall be deemed to be under
seal.

THE PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.


WITNESS:                                  BORROWER:

Signed in my Presence:

/s/ Anthony J. Bellantuoni                /s/ Scott Silk
- -------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
[Name]                                    Scott Silk


                                      -3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.49
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>dex1049.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.49

                             SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

                                October 16, 2000

$43,939.32                                             Westboro, Massachusetts

      For value received, Richard Spaulding (the "Borrower") promises to pay to
the order of ePresence Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), at the
offices of the Company or such other place as the Company hereafter shall
designate Forty-Three Thousand Nine Hundred Thirty-Nine Dollars and Thirty-Two
Cents ($43,939.32) to satisfy his federal and state tax obligations with respect
to the vesting of 13,600 shares of restricted stock of the Company (the
"Shares"), pursuant to the Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement dated
October 16, 1998 (the "Agreement"), in which a total of 34,000 restricted shares
of common stock of the Company were issued and sold to the Borrower. Interest
shall accrue on a daily basis on the unpaid principal balance from time to time
outstanding at the rate of prime less 1% per annum, beginning on the date that
first appears above. The principal and all accrued interest of this Note shall
be repaid in full on January 16, 2002. This Note shall immediately become due
and payable in full, as provided below.

      The Borrower acknowledges that this Note must be repaid in full prior to
the due date, upon the sale by the Borrower of any of the Shares.

      Payment of this Note is secured by a security interest in the Shares,
pursuant to a pledge agreement of even date herewith between the Company and the
Borrower (the "Pledge Agreement"). This Note is recourse to the Borrower for the
entire principal sum borrowed, plus interest, and is subject to, and secured by,
and entitled to the benefits of the Pledge Agreement.

      At the option of the Company, this Note shall become immediately due and
payable without notice or demand upon the occurrence at any time of any of the
following events ("Events of Default"):

      (1)   Borrower's voluntary termination of his employment with the Company
            for any reason prior to the repayment in full of the principal and
            any accrued interest due and payable on this Note; or

      (2)   If Borrower is not paying his debts as they become due, becomes
            insolvent, files or has filed against him a petition under any
            chapter of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. ss. 101 et
            seq. (or any similar petition under any insolvency law of any
            jurisdiction), proposes any liquidation, composition or financial
            reorganization with his creditors, makes an assignment or trust
            mortgage for the benefit of creditors, or if a receiver, trustee,
            custodian or similar agent is appointed or takes possession with
            respect to any property or business of the Borrower; or

      (3)   The occurrence of any Default (as defined therein) under the Pledge
            Agreement.

      Upon the occurrence of any of the Events of Default, the Company shall
have then, or at any time thereafter, all of the rights and remedies afforded by
the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts or afforded by other applicable law or under this Note or the
Pledge Agreement.


                                       -1-
<PAGE>

      Upon the involuntary termination of Borrower by the Company prior to the
repayment in full of the principal amount and any accrued interest due and
payable on this Note, Borrower shall have 90 days from the date of such
termination to repay the principal and any accrued interest under this Note.

      In no event shall any interest charged, collected or reserved under this
Note exceed the maximum rate then permitted by applicable law and if any such
payment is paid by the holder such payment shall be treated as a payment of
principal.

      All payments by the Borrower under this Note shall be made without set-off
or counterclaim and shall be free and clear and without deduction or withholding
for any taxes or fees of any nature whatever, unless the obligation to make such
deduction or withholding is imposed by law. The Borrower shall pay and save the
holder harmless from all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay
or omission to make any such deduction or withholding required by law.

      Whenever any amount is paid under this Note, all or part of the amount
paid may be applied to principal, interest, premium or interest in such order
and manner as shall be determined by the holder in its discretion.

      No reference in this Note to any other document shall impair the
obligation of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay all
amounts under this Note strictly in accordance with the terms of this Note.

      No delay or omission on the part of the Company in exercising any right
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right of such
Company, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a
bar to or waiver of the same or any other right on any future occasion.

      The Borrower waives presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default or enforcement hereof and also waives any delay on the part of the
Company. No discharge or release of any other party primarily or secondarily
liable hereon shall discharge or otherwise affect the liability of the Borrower
to the Company.

      None of the terms or provisions of this Note may be excluded, modified, or
amended except by a written instrument duly executed on behalf of the Borrower
expressly referring hereto and setting forth the provision so excluded, modified
or amended.

      The Borrower will pay on demand all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the Company in enforcing the obligations
under or in connection with this Note or the Pledge Agreement.

      This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and each endorser and
guarantor hereof and upon their heirs, successors and representatives, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors, endorsees and assigns.

      This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time or from time to
time with the consent of the holder, with the giving of such consent to be in
the sole discretion of the holder, provided that the Company shall retain the
security interest in the Shares under the Pledge


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

Agreement until the principal amount and accrued interest under this Note are
paid in full. Any prepayment shall be without premium or penalty.

      The Borrower irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts for the purpose of any suit, action or other
proceeding brought by the Company arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
and the Borrower waives and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as a defense
or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that the Borrower
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts or the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts or that the Borrower's property is exempt or immune from execution
or attachment, either prior to judgment or in aid of execution, that the suit,
action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of
the suit, action or proceeding is improper, or that this Note or the subject
matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.

      This Note shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance
with, the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard
to its principles of conflicts of laws. This Note shall be deemed to be under
seal.

THE PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.


WITNESS:                                  BORROWER:

Signed in my Presence:

/s/  John P. Mitchell                     /s/  Richard M. Spaulding
- -------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
[Name]                                    Richard Spaulding


                                       -3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.50
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>dex1050.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.50

                             SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

                                October 16, 2000

$26,167.89                                       Westboro, Massachusetts

      For value received, Anthony Bellantuoni (the "Borrower") promises to pay
to the order of ePresence Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), at
the offices of the Company or such other place as the Company hereafter shall
designate Twenty-Six Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Seven Dollars and Eighty-Nine
Cents ($26,167.89) to satisfy his federal and state tax obligations with respect
to the vesting of 12,000 shares of restricted stock of the Company (the
"Shares"), pursuant to the Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement dated
October 16, 1998 (the "Agreement"), in which a total of 30,000 restricted shares
of common stock of the Company were issued and sold to the Borrower. Interest
shall accrue on a daily basis on the unpaid principal balance from time to time
outstanding at the rate of prime less 1% per annum, beginning on the date that
first appears above. The principal and all accrued interest of this Note shall
be repaid in full on January 16, 2002. This Note shall immediately become due
and payable in full, as provided below.

      The Borrower acknowledges that this Note must be repaid in full prior to
the due date, upon the sale by the Borrower of any of the Shares.

      Payment of this Note is secured by a security interest in the Shares,
pursuant to a pledge agreement of even date herewith between the Company and the
Borrower (the "Pledge Agreement"). This Note is recourse to the Borrower for the
entire principal sum borrowed, plus interest, and is subject to, and secured by,
and entitled to the benefits of the Pledge Agreement.

      At the option of the Company, this Note shall become immediately due and
payable without notice or demand upon the occurrence at any time of any of the
following events ("Events of Default"):

      (1)   Borrower's voluntary termination of his employment with the Company
            for any reason prior to the repayment in full of the principal and
            any accrued interest due and payable on this Note; or

      (2)   If Borrower is not paying his debts as they become due, becomes
            insolvent, files or has filed against him a petition under any
            chapter of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. ss. 101 et
            seq. (or any similar petition under any insolvency law of any
            jurisdiction), proposes any liquidation, composition or financial
            reorganization with his creditors, makes an assignment or trust
            mortgage for the benefit of creditors, or if a receiver, trustee,
            custodian or similar agent is appointed or takes possession with
            respect to any property or business of the Borrower; or

      (3)   The occurrence of any Default (as defined therein) under the Pledge
            Agreement.

      Upon the occurrence of any of the Events of Default, the Company shall
have then, or at any time thereafter, all of the rights and remedies afforded by
the Uniform Commercial Code as from


                                       -1-
<PAGE>

time to time in effect in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or afforded by other
applicable law or under this Note or the Pledge Agreement.

      Upon the involuntary termination of Borrower by the Company prior to the
repayment in full of the principal amount and any accrued interest due and
payable on this Note, Borrower shall have 90 days from the date of such
termination to repay the principal and any accrued interest under this Note.

      In no event shall any interest charged, collected or reserved under this
Note exceed the maximum rate then permitted by applicable law and if any such
payment is paid by the holder such payment shall be treated as a payment of
principal.

      All payments by the Borrower under this Note shall be made without set-off
or counterclaim and shall be free and clear and without deduction or withholding
for any taxes or fees of any nature whatever, unless the obligation to make such
deduction or withholding is imposed by law. The Borrower shall pay and save the
holder harmless from all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay
or omission to make any such deduction or withholding required by law.

      Whenever any amount is paid under this Note, all or part of the amount
paid may be applied to principal, interest, premium or interest in such order
and manner as shall be determined by the holder in its discretion.

      No reference in this Note to any other document shall impair the
obligation of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay all
amounts under this Note strictly in accordance with the terms of this Note.

      No delay or omission on the part of the Company in exercising any right
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right of such
Company, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a
bar to or waiver of the same or any other right on any future occasion.

      The Borrower waives presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default or enforcement hereof and also waives any delay on the part of the
Company. No discharge or release of any other party primarily or secondarily
liable hereon shall discharge or otherwise affect the liability of the Borrower
to the Company.

      None of the terms or provisions of this Note may be excluded, modified, or
amended except by a written instrument duly executed on behalf of the Borrower
expressly referring hereto and setting forth the provision so excluded, modified
or amended.

      The Borrower will pay on demand all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the Company in enforcing the obligations
under or in connection with this Note or the Pledge Agreement.

      This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and each endorser and
guarantor hereof and upon their heirs, successors and representatives, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors, endorsees and assigns.


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

      This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time or from time to
time with the consent of the holder, with the giving of such consent to be in
the sole discretion of the holder, provided that the Company shall retain the
security interest in the Shares under the Pledge Agreement until the principal
amount and accrued interest under this Note are paid in full. Any prepayment
shall be without premium or penalty.

      The Borrower irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts for the purpose of any suit, action or other
proceeding brought by the Company arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
and the Borrower waives and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as a defense
or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that the Borrower
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts or the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts or that the Borrower's property is exempt or immune from execution
or attachment, either prior to judgment or in aid of execution, that the suit,
action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of
the suit, action or proceeding is improper, or that this Note or the subject
matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.

      This Note shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance
with, the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard
to its principles of conflicts of laws. This Note shall be deemed to be under
seal.

THE PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.


WITNESS:                                  BORROWER:

Signed in my Presence:

/s/ Richard M. Spaulding                  /s/ Anthony J. Bellantuoni
- -------------------------------------     -------------------------------------
[Name]                                    Anthony Bellantuoni


                                       -3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.51
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dex1051.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PLEDGE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SCOTT SIL
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.51

                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT

      This is a pledge agreement made as of October 8, 2000 between Scott Silk,
an individual residing at 30 Partridge Lane, Boxford, MA 01921, ("Pledgor") and
ePresence Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, with its principal place of
business located at 120 Flanders Road, Westboro, Massachusetts, 01581
("Pledgee").

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Pledgor has issued a secured promissory note (the "Note") of
even date herewith in the original principal amount of Twenty-Seven Thousand One
Hundred Ten Dollars and Forty Cents ($27,110.40) payable to the Pledgee pursuant
to its terms; and

      WHEREAS, as collateral security for the obligations of the Pledgor under
the Note, the Pledgor has agreed to pledge and grant to the Pledgee a first
priority security interest in 15,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock of
the Pledgee that have been issued under an Executive Officer Restricted Stock
Agreement (the "Restricted Stock Agreement") between the Pledgor and the Pledgee
dated October 8, 1999, as more fully set forth herein;

      NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the foregoing
recitals are true and correct and to the following:

      1. Pledge of Collateral. As collateral security for the performance of the
obligations of the Pledgor under the Note (the "Obligations"), the Pledgor
hereby pledges and grants to the Pledgee a security interest in and to the
Shares held by the Pledgor, and any and all stock rights, powers and other
distributions, dividends or proceeds thereof. In addition, any stock rights,
dividends, powers or other distributions or proceeds received by the Pledgor
shall be held in trust for and delivered to the Pledgee to be held in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, and shall be included in the Shares described
above.

      2. Delivery of the Shares. The Shares have been delivered to the Pledgee
on the date hereof, together with undated stock powers executed in blank. Upon
payment in full of the Notes, the Pledgee shall return to the Pledgor the
Shares, undated stock powers as well as such other instruments, documents, stock
certificates, money and goods as may come into Pledgee's possession from time to
time, whether through delivery by Pledgor or otherwise.

      3. Pledgee's Rights and Duties with Respect to the Collateral. Pledgee's
only duty with respect to the Shares shall be to exercise reasonable care to
secure the safe custody thereof all other duties being hereby expressly
disclaimed. Pledgee shall have the right, but not the obligation, to (a) demand,
sue for, receive and collect all money or money damages payable on account of
any Shares, (b) protect, preserve or assert any other rights of Pledgor or take
any other action with respect to the Shares, and (c) pay any taxes, liens,
assessments, insurance premiums or other charges pertaining to Shares. Any
expenses incurred by Pledgee under the preceding sentence shall be paid by
Pledgor upon demand and become part of the Obligations secured by the Shares.
Pledgee shall be relieved of all responsibility for the Shares upon surrendering
them to Pledgor.

      4. Pledgor's Warranties and Indemnity.
<PAGE>

            4.1 Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants (a) that Pledgor is
the lawful owner of the Shares, (b) that the Shares are fully paid and
nonassessable, (c) that as of the date hereof, the Shares are free and clear of
all liens, encumbrances, and security interests, other than the security
interest granted by the Pledgor hereunder, and this pledge constitutes a valid
and perfected security interest in the Shares enforceable against the Pledgor,
(d) that the Shares are not subject to any outstanding rights of redemption or
options to purchase or sell except as set forth in the Restricted Stock
Agreement, (e) that the Pledgor has the sole right and lawful authority to
pledge the Shares and otherwise to comply with the provisions hereof, (f) no
litigation is pending or threatened against the Pledgor, which if adversely
determined, would have a material adverse effect against the Pledgor or the
Pledgee's rights in respect of the Shares, (g) that the Pledgor agrees to defend
the Pledgee's title in the Shares and the security interest therein against any
and all claims and demands, and (h) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Pledgor, enforceable against the Pledgor in
accordance with its terms.

            4.2 If any adverse claim is asserted in respect of the Shares or any
portion thereof, except as such may arise from the wanton, reckless or
unauthorized acts of the Pledgee, the Pledgor agrees to indemnify the Pledgee
and hold the Pledgee harmless from and against any reasonable liabilities or
damages, and reasonable attorney's fees incurred by the Pledgee in exercising
any right, power or remedy of the Pledgee hereunder.

      5. Voting of Collateral. While Pledgor is not in default hereunder,
Pledgor may vote the Shares, provided that said voting shall be in conformity
with the Pledgor's performance under this Agreement and the Note.

      6. Dividends and Other Distributions. While Pledgor is not in default
hereunder, Pledgor may receive all cash dividends, payments of principal and
interest, and other cash distributions payable with respect to Shares, provided,
however, that Pledgor shall immediately inform Pledgee of the receipt of any
such dividend, payment or other distribution and shall hold the amount thereof
in trust for Pledgee unless and until Pledgee shall in writing release Pledgor
from such trust. Pledgor shall cause all non-cash dividends and distributions
with respect to Shares to be distributed directly to Pledgee, to be held by
Pledgee as additional Shares, and if any such distribution is made to Pledgor he
shall receive such distribution in trust for Pledgee and shall immediately
transfer it to Pledgee.

      7. Pledgor's Default. Pledgor shall be in default hereunder upon the
occurrence of any of the following events ("Defaults"):

            (a) Any event of default shall occur under the Note;

            (b) If any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim of any nature
whatsoever is asserted with respect to any Shares (except pursuant to this
Pledge Agreement);

            (c) If any warranty of Pledgor hereunder is or shall become false;

            (d) If Pledgor fails to fulfill any obligation hereunder;


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

            (e) If Pledgor fails to pay or perform any of the Obligations when
such payment of performance is due.

      8. Pledgee's Rights upon Default. Upon the occurrence of any default as
defined in Section 7 hereof, Pledgee may, if Pledgee so elects in its sole
discretion, take any one or more of the following:

            (a) at any time and from time to time sell, assign and deliver all
or any part of the Shares, or any interest therein, at any public or private
sale, for cash, on credit or for other property, for immediate or future
delivery without any assumption of credit risk, and for such price or prices and
on such terms as Pledgee in its absolute discretion may determine; provided that
(i) at least ten (10) days' notice of the time and place of any such sale shall
be given to Pledgor, and (ii) in the case of any private sale, such notice shall
also contain the terms of the proposed sale and Pledgee shall sell the Shares
proposed to be sold to any purchaser procured by Pledgor who is ready, willing
and able to purchase, and who prior to the time of such sale tenders the
purchase price of, such Shares on terms more favorable to Pledgee than the terms
contained in such notice; provided, further, the Pledgor acknowledges that the
Pledgee may be unable to effect a public sale of all or part of the Shares by
reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales to a
restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other
things, to acquire such securities for their own account, for investment, and
not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Pledgor acknowledges
that any such private sale may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the
seller than if sold at public sales and that private sales shall be deemed to be
made in a commercially reasonable manner notwithstanding that such a private
sale may result in a lower sale price;

            (b) exercise the right to vote, the right to receive cash dividends
and other distributions, and all other rights with respect to the Shares as
though Pledgee were the absolute owner thereof, whether or not such rights were
retained by Pledgor as against Pledgee before default;

            (c) transfer the Shares into the name of the Pledgee and become sole
and absolute owner thereof;

            (d) exercise all other rights available to a secured party under the
Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law or hereunder; and

            (e) the rights and remedies available pursuant to the Agreement are
cumulative, and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies otherwise
available to the Pledgee.

      9. Application of Sale Proceeds. In the event of a sale of Shares, the
proceeds shall first be applied to the payment of the expenses of the sale,
including brokers' commissions, counsel fees, any taxes or other charges imposed
by law upon the Shares or the transfer thereof and all other charges paid or
incurred by Pledgee pertaining to the sale; and, second, to satisfy outstanding
Obligations, in the order in which Pledgee elects in its sole discretion; and,
third, the surplus (if any) shall be paid to Pledgor.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

      10. Notices. All notices made or required to be made hereunder shall be
sent by United States first class or certified or registered mail, with postage
prepaid, or delivered by hand to Pledgee or to Pledgor at the addresses first
above written. Notice by mail shall be deemed to have been made on the date when
the notice is deposited in the mail.

      11. Heirs, Successors, Etc. This Agreement and all of its terms and
provisions shall benefit and bind the heirs, successors, assigns, transferees,
executors and administrators of each of the parties hereto.

      12. Pledgee's Forbearance. Any forbearance, failure or delay by Pledgee in
exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of
such right, power or remedy. Any single or partial exercise of any right, power
or remedy of Pledgee shall continue in full force and effect until such right,
power or remedy is specifically waived in writing by Pledgee.

      13. Further Assurances. The Pledgor covenants and agrees to execute and
deliver, or cause to be executed or delivered, all such other stock powers,
proxies, instruments, and documents, and will take such other action or actions
as the Pledgee may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out
the provisions and purposes hereof.

      14. Termination. This Agreement and the pledge and security interest
represented hereby shall terminate upon the indefeasible payment in full of the
Note.

      15. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement or any part thereof cannot be
changed, waived, or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by
Pledgee; and waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a waiver on any other
occasion. (b) The Uniform Commercial Code and other laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts shall govern the construction and enforcement of this Agreement.
(c) If any part of this Agreement or any agreement, document, or instrument
executed in connection herewith shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall remain in full
force and effect, and shall continue to be binding upon the parties. (d) This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

      16. Jurisdiction. The Pledgor irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District
Court for the District of Massachusetts for the purpose of any suit, action or
other proceeding brought by the Lender arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, and the Pledgor waives and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as
a defense or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
the Pledgor is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts or the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts or that the Pledgor's property is exempt or immune
from execution or attachment, either prior to judgment or in aid of execution,
that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper, or that this Pledge
Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

THE PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.

      EXECUTED under seal as of the date first above written.

      PLEDGOR:


      /s/ Scott Silk
      --------------------------------
      Scott Silk


      PLEDGEE:

      ePresence Inc.


      /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
      --------------------------------
      By: Richard M. Spaulding
      Its: SVP & CFO


                                      -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.52
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>dex1052.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PLEDGE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND RICHARD S
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.52

                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT

      This is a pledge agreement made as of October 16, 2000 between Richard
Spaulding, an individual residing at 66 Solon Street, Newton, MA 02161,
("Pledgor") and ePresence Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, with its principal
place of business located at 120 Flanders Road, Westboro, Massachusetts, 01581
("Pledgee").

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Pledgor has issued a secured promissory note (the "Note") of
even date herewith in the original principal amount of Forty-Three Thousand Nine
Hundred Thirty-Nine Dollars and Thirty-Two Cents ($43,939.32) payable to the
Pledgee pursuant to its terms; and

      WHEREAS, as collateral security for the obligations of the Pledgor under
the Note, the Pledgor has agreed to pledge and grant to the Pledgee a first
priority security interest in 13,600 shares (the "Shares") of common stock of
the Pledgee that have been issued under an Executive Officer Restricted Stock
Agreement (the "Restricted Stock Agreement") between the Pledgor and the Pledgee
dated October 16, 1998, as more fully set forth herein;

      NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the foregoing
recitals are true and correct and to the following:

      1. Pledge of Collateral. As collateral security for the performance of the
obligations of the Pledgor under the Note (the "Obligations"), the Pledgor
hereby pledges and grants to the Pledgee a security interest in and to the
Shares held by the Pledgor, and any and all stock rights, powers and other
distributions, dividends or proceeds thereof. In addition, any stock rights,
dividends, powers or other distributions or proceeds received by the Pledgor
shall be held in trust for and delivered to the Pledgee to be held in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, and shall be included in the Shares described
above.

      2. Delivery of the Shares. The Shares have been delivered to the Pledgee
on the date hereof, together with undated stock powers executed in blank. Upon
payment in full of the Notes, the Pledgee shall return to the Pledgor the
Shares, undated stock powers as well as such other instruments, documents, stock
certificates, money and goods as may come into Pledgee's possession from time to
time, whether through delivery by Pledgor or otherwise.

      3. Pledgee's Rights and Duties with Respect to the Collateral. Pledgee's
only duty with respect to the Shares shall be to exercise reasonable care to
secure the safe custody thereof all other duties being hereby expressly
disclaimed. Pledgee shall have the right, but not the obligation, to (a) demand,
sue for, receive and collect all money or money damages payable on account of
any Shares, (b) protect, preserve or assert any other rights of Pledgor or take
any other action with respect to the Shares, and (c) pay any taxes, liens,
assessments, insurance premiums or other charges pertaining to Shares. Any
expenses incurred by Pledgee under the preceding sentence shall be paid by
Pledgor upon demand and become part of the Obligations secured by the Shares.
Pledgee shall be relieved of all responsibility for the Shares upon surrendering
them to Pledgor.

      4. Pledgor's Warranties and Indemnity.
<PAGE>

            4.1 Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants (a) that Pledgor is
the lawful owner of the Shares, (b) that the Shares are fully paid and
nonassessable, (c) that as of the date hereof, the Shares are free and clear of
all liens, encumbrances, and security interests, other than the security
interest granted by the Pledgor hereunder, and this pledge constitutes a valid
and perfected security interest in the Shares enforceable against the Pledgor,
(d) that the Shares are not subject to any outstanding rights of redemption or
options to purchase or sell except as set forth in the Restricted Stock
Agreement, (e) that the Pledgor has the sole right and lawful authority to
pledge the Shares and otherwise to comply with the provisions hereof, (f) no
litigation is pending or threatened against the Pledgor, which if adversely
determined, would have a material adverse effect against the Pledgor or the
Pledgee's rights in respect of the Shares, (g) that the Pledgor agrees to defend
the Pledgee's title in the Shares and the security interest therein against any
and all claims and demands, and (h) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Pledgor, enforceable against the Pledgor in
accordance with its terms.

            4.2 If any adverse claim is asserted in respect of the Shares or any
portion thereof, except as such may arise from the wanton, reckless or
unauthorized acts of the Pledgee, the Pledgor agrees to indemnify the Pledgee
and hold the Pledgee harmless from and against any reasonable liabilities or
damages, and reasonable attorney's fees incurred by the Pledgee in exercising
any right, power or remedy of the Pledgee hereunder.

      5. Voting of Collateral. While Pledgor is not in default hereunder,
Pledgor may vote the Shares, provided that said voting shall be in conformity
with the Pledgor's performance under this Agreement and the Note.

      6. Dividends and Other Distributions. While Pledgor is not in default
hereunder, Pledgor may receive all cash dividends, payments of principal and
interest, and other cash distributions payable with respect to Shares, provided,
however, that Pledgor shall immediately inform Pledgee of the receipt of any
such dividend, payment or other distribution and shall hold the amount thereof
in trust for Pledgee unless and until Pledgee shall in writing release Pledgor
from such trust. Pledgor shall cause all non-cash dividends and distributions
with respect to Shares to be distributed directly to Pledgee, to be held by
Pledgee as additional Shares, and if any such distribution is made to Pledgor he
shall receive such distribution in trust for Pledgee and shall immediately
transfer it to Pledgee.

      7. Pledgor's Default. Pledgor shall be in default hereunder upon the
occurrence of any of the following events ("Defaults"):

            (a)   Any event of default shall occur under the Note;

            (b) If any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim of any nature
whatsoever is asserted with respect to any Shares (except pursuant to this
Pledge Agreement);

            (c)   If any warranty of Pledgor hereunder is or shall become false;

            (d)   If Pledgor fails to fulfill any obligation hereunder;


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

            (e) If Pledgor fails to pay or perform any of the Obligations when
such payment of performance is due.

      8. Pledgee's Rights upon Default. Upon the occurrence of any default as
defined in Section 7 hereof, Pledgee may, if Pledgee so elects in its sole
discretion, take any one or more of the following:

            (a) at any time and from time to time sell, assign and deliver all
or any part of the Shares, or any interest therein, at any public or private
sale, for cash, on credit or for other property, for immediate or future
delivery without any assumption of credit risk, and for such price or prices and
on such terms as Pledgee in its absolute discretion may determine; provided that
(i) at least ten (10) days' notice of the time and place of any such sale shall
be given to Pledgor, and (ii) in the case of any private sale, such notice shall
also contain the terms of the proposed sale and Pledgee shall sell the Shares
proposed to be sold to any purchaser procured by Pledgor who is ready, willing
and able to purchase, and who prior to the time of such sale tenders the
purchase price of, such Shares on terms more favorable to Pledgee than the terms
contained in such notice; provided, further, the Pledgor acknowledges that the
Pledgee may be unable to effect a public sale of all or part of the Shares by
reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales to a
restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other
things, to acquire such securities for their own account, for investment, and
not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Pledgor acknowledges
that any such private sale may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the
seller than if sold at public sales and that private sales shall be deemed to be
made in a commercially reasonable manner notwithstanding that such a private
sale may result in a lower sale price;

            (b) exercise the right to vote, the right to receive cash dividends
and other distributions, and all other rights with respect to the Shares as
though Pledgee were the absolute owner thereof, whether or not such rights were
retained by Pledgor as against Pledgee before default;

            (c) transfer the Shares into the name of the Pledgee and become sole
and absolute owner thereof;

            (d) exercise all other rights available to a secured party under the
Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law or hereunder; and

            (e) the rights and remedies available pursuant to the Agreement are
cumulative, and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies otherwise
available to the Pledgee.

      9. Application of Sale Proceeds. In the event of a sale of Shares, the
proceeds shall first be applied to the payment of the expenses of the sale,
including brokers' commissions, counsel fees, any taxes or other charges imposed
by law upon the Shares or the transfer thereof and all other charges paid or
incurred by Pledgee pertaining to the sale; and, second, to satisfy outstanding
Obligations, in the order in which Pledgee elects in its sole discretion; and,
third, the surplus (if any) shall be paid to Pledgor.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

      10. Notices. All notices made or required to be made hereunder shall be
sent by United States first class or certified or registered mail, with postage
prepaid, or delivered by hand to Pledgee or to Pledgor at the addresses first
above written. Notice by mail shall be deemed to have been made on the date when
the notice is deposited in the mail.

      11. Heirs, Successors, Etc. This Agreement and all of its terms and
provisions shall benefit and bind the heirs, successors, assigns, transferees,
executors and administrators of each of the parties hereto.

      12. Pledgee's Forbearance. Any forbearance, failure or delay by Pledgee in
exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of
such right, power or remedy. Any single or partial exercise of any right, power
or remedy of Pledgee shall continue in full force and effect until such right,
power or remedy is specifically waived in writing by Pledgee.

      13. Further Assurances. The Pledgor covenants and agrees to execute and
deliver, or cause to be executed or delivered, all such other stock powers,
proxies, instruments, and documents, and will take such other action or actions
as the Pledgee may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out
the provisions and purposes hereof.

      14. Termination. This Agreement and the pledge and security interest
represented hereby shall terminate upon the indefeasible payment in full of the
Note.

      15. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement or any part thereof cannot be
changed, waived, or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by
Pledgee; and waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a waiver on any other
occasion. (b) The Uniform Commercial Code and other laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts shall govern the construction and enforcement of this Agreement.
(c) If any part of this Agreement or any agreement, document, or instrument
executed in connection herewith shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall remain in full
force and effect, and shall continue to be binding upon the parties. (d) This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

      16. Jurisdiction. The Pledgor irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District
Court for the District of Massachusetts for the purpose of any suit, action or
other proceeding brought by the Lender arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, and the Pledgor waives and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as
a defense or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
the Pledgor is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts or the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts or that the Pledgor's property is exempt or immune
from execution or attachment, either prior to judgment or in aid of execution,
that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper, or that this Pledge
Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.


                                       -4-
<PAGE>

THE PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.

      EXECUTED under seal as of the date first above written.

      PLEDGOR:


      /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
      ----------------------------
      Richard Spaulding


      PLEDGEE:

      ePresence Inc.


      /s/ John P. Mitchell
      ----------------------------
      By:
      Its:


                                       -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.53
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>dex1053.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PLEDGE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ANTHONY B
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.53

                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT

      This is a pledge agreement made as of October 16, 2000 between Anthony
Bellantuoni, an individual residing at 37 Woodland Drive, Nashua, NH 03063,
("Pledgor") and ePresence Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, with its principal
place of business located at 120 Flanders Road, Westboro, Massachusetts, 01581
("Pledgee").

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Pledgor has issued a secured promissory note (the "Note") of
even date herewith in the original principal amount of Twenty-Six Thousand One
Hundred Sixty-Seven Dollars and Eighty-Nine Cents ($26,167.89) payable to the
Pledgee pursuant to its terms; and

      WHEREAS, as collateral security for the obligations of the Pledgor under
the Note, the Pledgor has agreed to pledge and grant to the Pledgee a first
priority security interest in 12,000 shares (the "Shares") of common stock of
the Pledgee that have been issued under an Executive Officer Restricted Stock
Agreement (the "Restricted Stock Agreement") between the Pledgor and the Pledgee
dated October 16, 1998, as more fully set forth herein;

      NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the foregoing
recitals are true and correct and to the following:

      1. Pledge of Collateral. As collateral security for the performance of the
obligations of the Pledgor under the Note (the "Obligations"), the Pledgor
hereby pledges and grants to the Pledgee a security interest in and to the
Shares held by the Pledgor, and any and all stock rights, powers and other
distributions, dividends or proceeds thereof. In addition, any stock rights,
dividends, powers or other distributions or proceeds received by the Pledgor
shall be held in trust for and delivered to the Pledgee to be held in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, and shall be included in the Shares described
above.

      2. Delivery of the Shares. The Shares have been delivered to the Pledgee
on the date hereof, together with undated stock powers executed in blank. Upon
payment in full of the Notes, the Pledgee shall return to the Pledgor the
Shares, undated stock powers as well as such other instruments, documents, stock
certificates, money and goods as may come into Pledgee's possession from time to
time, whether through delivery by Pledgor or otherwise.

      3. Pledgee's Rights and Duties with Respect to the Collateral. Pledgee's
only duty with respect to the Shares shall be to exercise reasonable care to
secure the safe custody thereof all other duties being hereby expressly
disclaimed. Pledgee shall have the right, but not the obligation, to (a) demand,
sue for, receive and collect all money or money damages payable on account of
any Shares, (b) protect, preserve or assert any other rights of Pledgor or take
any other action with respect to the Shares, and (c) pay any taxes, liens,
assessments, insurance premiums or other charges pertaining to Shares. Any
expenses incurred by Pledgee under the preceding sentence shall be paid by
Pledgor upon demand and become part of the Obligations secured by the Shares.
Pledgee shall be relieved of all responsibility for the Shares upon surrendering
them to Pledgor.

      4. Pledgor's Warranties and Indemnity.
<PAGE>

            4.1 Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants (a) that Pledgor is
the lawful owner of the Shares, (b) that the Shares are fully paid and
nonassessable, (c) that as of the date hereof, the Shares are free and clear of
all liens, encumbrances, and security interests, other than the security
interest granted by the Pledgor hereunder, and this pledge constitutes a valid
and perfected security interest in the Shares enforceable against the Pledgor,
(d) that the Shares are not subject to any outstanding rights of redemption or
options to purchase or sell except as set forth in the Restricted Stock
Agreement, (e) that the Pledgor has the sole right and lawful authority to
pledge the Shares and otherwise to comply with the provisions hereof, (f) no
litigation is pending or threatened against the Pledgor, which if adversely
determined, would have a material adverse effect against the Pledgor or the
Pledgee's rights in respect of the Shares, (g) that the Pledgor agrees to defend
the Pledgee's title in the Shares and the security interest therein against any
and all claims and demands, and (h) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Pledgor, enforceable against the Pledgor in
accordance with its terms.

            4.2 If any adverse claim is asserted in respect of the Shares or any
portion thereof, except as such may arise from the wanton, reckless or
unauthorized acts of the Pledgee, the Pledgor agrees to indemnify the Pledgee
and hold the Pledgee harmless from and against any reasonable liabilities or
damages, and reasonable attorney's fees incurred by the Pledgee in exercising
any right, power or remedy of the Pledgee hereunder.

      5. Voting of Collateral. While Pledgor is not in default hereunder,
Pledgor may vote the Shares, provided that said voting shall be in conformity
with the Pledgor's performance under this Agreement and the Note.

      6. Dividends and Other Distributions. While Pledgor is not in default
hereunder, Pledgor may receive all cash dividends, payments of principal and
interest, and other cash distributions payable with respect to Shares, provided,
however, that Pledgor shall immediately inform Pledgee of the receipt of any
such dividend, payment or other distribution and shall hold the amount thereof
in trust for Pledgee unless and until Pledgee shall in writing release Pledgor
from such trust. Pledgor shall cause all non-cash dividends and distributions
with respect to Shares to be distributed directly to Pledgee, to be held by
Pledgee as additional Shares, and if any such distribution is made to Pledgor he
shall receive such distribution in trust for Pledgee and shall immediately
transfer it to Pledgee.

      7. Pledgor's Default. Pledgor shall be in default hereunder upon the
occurrence of any of the following events ("Defaults"):

            (a)   Any event of default shall occur under the Note;

            (b) If any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim of any nature
whatsoever is asserted with respect to any Shares (except pursuant to this
Pledge Agreement);

            (c)   If any warranty of Pledgor hereunder is or shall become false;

            (d)   If Pledgor fails to fulfill any obligation hereunder;


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

            (e) If Pledgor fails to pay or perform any of the Obligations when
such payment of performance is due.

      8. Pledgee's Rights upon Default. Upon the occurrence of any default as
defined in Section 7 hereof, Pledgee may, if Pledgee so elects in its sole
discretion, take any one or more of the following:

            (a) at any time and from time to time sell, assign and deliver all
or any part of the Shares, or any interest therein, at any public or private
sale, for cash, on credit or for other property, for immediate or future
delivery without any assumption of credit risk, and for such price or prices and
on such terms as Pledgee in its absolute discretion may determine; provided that
(i) at least ten (10) days' notice of the time and place of any such sale shall
be given to Pledgor, and (ii) in the case of any private sale, such notice shall
also contain the terms of the proposed sale and Pledgee shall sell the Shares
proposed to be sold to any purchaser procured by Pledgor who is ready, willing
and able to purchase, and who prior to the time of such sale tenders the
purchase price of, such Shares on terms more favorable to Pledgee than the terms
contained in such notice; provided, further, the Pledgor acknowledges that the
Pledgee may be unable to effect a public sale of all or part of the Shares by
reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales to a
restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other
things, to acquire such securities for their own account, for investment, and
not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Pledgor acknowledges
that any such private sale may be at prices and on terms less favorable to the
seller than if sold at public sales and that private sales shall be deemed to be
made in a commercially reasonable manner notwithstanding that such a private
sale may result in a lower sale price;

            (b) exercise the right to vote, the right to receive cash dividends
and other distributions, and all other rights with respect to the Shares as
though Pledgee were the absolute owner thereof, whether or not such rights were
retained by Pledgor as against Pledgee before default;

            (c) transfer the Shares into the name of the Pledgee and become sole
and absolute owner thereof;

            (d) exercise all other rights available to a secured party under the
Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law or hereunder; and

            (e) the rights and remedies available pursuant to the Agreement are
cumulative, and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies otherwise
available to the Pledgee.

      9. Application of Sale Proceeds. In the event of a sale of Shares, the
proceeds shall first be applied to the payment of the expenses of the sale,
including brokers' commissions, counsel fees, any taxes or other charges imposed
by law upon the Shares or the transfer thereof and all other charges paid or
incurred by Pledgee pertaining to the sale; and, second, to satisfy outstanding
Obligations, in the order in which Pledgee elects in its sole discretion; and,
third, the surplus (if any) shall be paid to Pledgor.


                                       -3-
<PAGE>

      10. Notices. All notices made or required to be made hereunder shall be
sent by United States first class or certified or registered mail, with postage
prepaid, or delivered by hand to Pledgee or to Pledgor at the addresses first
above written. Notice by mail shall be deemed to have been made on the date when
the notice is deposited in the mail.

      11. Heirs, Successors, Etc. This Agreement and all of its terms and
provisions shall benefit and bind the heirs, successors, assigns, transferees,
executors and administrators of each of the parties hereto.

      12. Pledgee's Forbearance. Any forbearance, failure or delay by Pledgee in
exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of
such right, power or remedy. Any single or partial exercise of any right, power
or remedy of Pledgee shall continue in full force and effect until such right,
power or remedy is specifically waived in writing by Pledgee.

      13. Further Assurances. The Pledgor covenants and agrees to execute and
deliver, or cause to be executed or delivered, all such other stock powers,
proxies, instruments, and documents, and will take such other action or actions
as the Pledgee may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out
the provisions and purposes hereof.

      14. Termination. This Agreement and the pledge and security interest
represented hereby shall terminate upon the indefeasible payment in full of the
Note.

      15. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement or any part thereof cannot be
changed, waived, or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by
Pledgee; and waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a waiver on any other
occasion. (b) The Uniform Commercial Code and other laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts shall govern the construction and enforcement of this Agreement.
(c) If any part of this Agreement or any agreement, document, or instrument
executed in connection herewith shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall remain in full
force and effect, and shall continue to be binding upon the parties. (d) This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

      16. Jurisdiction. The Pledgor irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District
Court for the District of Massachusetts for the purpose of any suit, action or
other proceeding brought by the Lender arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, and the Pledgor waives and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as
a defense or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
the Pledgor is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts or the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts or that the Pledgor's property is exempt or immune
from execution or attachment, either prior to judgment or in aid of execution,
that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper, or that this Pledge
Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.


                                       -4-
<PAGE>

THE PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND DOCUMENTS
EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.

      EXECUTED under seal as of the date first above written.

      PLEDGOR:


      /s/ Anthony J. Bellantuoni
      ----------------------------------
      Anthony Bellantuoni


      PLEDGEE:

      EPresence, Inc.


      /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
      ----------------------------------
      By: Richard M. Spaulding
      Its: SVP & CFO


                                       -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.54
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>dex1054.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED TO THE COMPANY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.54

                                PROMISSORY NOTE

$ 836,772.25                                            NOVEMBER 16, 2000
                                                        WESTBORO, MASSACHUSETTS

     For value received, William P. Ferry (the "Borrower") promises to pay to
the order of ePresence, Inc. (the "Company") at the offices of the Company or
such other place as the Company hereafter shall designate Eight Hundred Thirty
Six Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Two Dollars and Twenty Five Cents
($836,772.25).  This promissory note consolidates and replaces three prior
promissory notes issued by the Borrower to the Company in the following
principal amounts on the dates indicated:  (1) $221,969.89 issued on October 16,
1999; (2) $400,735.74 issued on May 5, 2000; and (3) $185,423.84 issued on
October 16, 2000.  This promissory note is being issued pursuant to Amendment
No. 4 to Employment Agreement between the Borrower and the Company, dated
November 16, 2000.  Simple interest shall accrue on the unpaid balance from time
to time outstanding, which interest rate shall be adjusted each month to the
then applicable Federal rate, beginning on the date hereof.  The principal and
all accrued interest of this Note shall be repaid in full 90 days after the
Borrower's employment with the Company is terminated, unless the Borrower is
terminated pursuant to a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment
Agreement between the Borrower and the Company, dated February 4, 1997), in
which case the loan shall be due and payable in full 180 days after the
Borrower's termination date.  The Borrower shall repay this Note prior to the
aforementioned dates as provided below.

     At the option of the Company, this Note shall become immediately due and
payable without notice or demand upon the institution by the Borrower of any
proceedings under the United States Bankruptcy Code or the pendency of any
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding against the Borrower for a period of 60 days
from the institution thereof or the making by the Borrower of an assignment for
the benefit of creditors (the "Event of Default").

     Upon the occurrence of the Event of Default, the Company shall have then,
or at any time thereafter, all of the rights and remedies afforded by the
Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts or afforded by other applicable law.

     In no event shall any interest charged, collected or reserved under this
Note exceed the maximum rate then permitted by applicable law and if any such
payment is paid by the holder as a payment of principal.

     All payments by the Borrower under this Note shall be made without set-off
or counterclaim and be free and clear and without deduction or withholding for
any taxes or fees of any nature whatever, unless the obligation to make such
deduction or withholding is imposed by law.  The Borrower shall pay and save the
holder harmless from all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay
or omission to make any such deduction or withholding required by law.
<PAGE>

     Whenever any amount is paid under this Note, all or part of the amount paid
may be applied to principal, interest, premium or interest in such order and
manner as shall be determined by the holder in its discretion.

     No reference in this Note to any other document shall impair the obligation
of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay all amounts under
this Note strictly in accordance with the terms of this Note.

     No delay or omission on the part of the Company in exercising any right
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right of such
Company, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a
bar to or waiver of the same or any other right on any future occasion.

     The Borrower waives presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default or enforcement hereof and also waives any delay on the part of the
Company.  No discharge or release of any other party primarily or secondarily
liable hereon shall discharge or otherwise affect the liability of the Borrower
to the Company.

     None of the terms or provisions of this Note may be excluded, modified, or
amended except by a written instrument duly executed on behalf of the Borrower
expressly referring hereto and setting forth the provision so excluded, modified
or amended.

     The Borrower will pay on demand all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the Company in enforcing the obligations
created by this Note.

     This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and each endorser and
guarantor hereof and upon their heirs, successors and representatives, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors, endorsees and assigns.

     This Note shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance
with, the substantive laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard
to its principled of conflicts of laws.  This Note shall be deemed to be under
seal.


WITNESS:            BORROWER:

Signed in my Presence:


    /s/ Richard M. Spaulding                /s/ William P. Ferry
 -----------------------------------      -----------------------------------
 Richard M. Spaulding                     William P. Ferry
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.55
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>dex1055.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED TO THE COMPANY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.55

                                PROMISSORY NOTE

$ 192,899.70                                        DECEMBER 21, 2000
                                                    WESTBORO, MASSACHUSETTS

     For value received, William P. Ferry (the "Borrower") promises to pay to
the order of ePresence, Inc. (the "Company") at the offices of the Company or
such other place as the Company hereafter shall designate One Hundred Ninety Two
Thousand Eight Hundred Ninety Nine Dollars and Seventy Cents ($192,899.70) to
satisfy his federal and state tax obligations with respect to the issuance to
him of One Hundred Twenty Thousand Shares of restricted common stock of the
Company at a par value of $0.01 per share, pursuant to a Corporate Officer
Restricted Stock Agreement dated December 21, 2000.  This promissory note is
being issued pursuant to Amendment No. 4 to Employment Agreement between the
Borrower and the Company, dated November 16, 2000.  Simple interest shall accrue
on the unpaid balance from time to time outstanding, which interest rate shall
be adjusted each month to the then applicable Federal rate, beginning on the
date hereof.  The principal and all accrued interest of this Note shall be
repaid in full 90 days after the Borrower's employment with the Company is
terminated, unless the Borrower is terminated pursuant to a Change in Control
(as defined in the Employment Agreement between the Borrower and the Company,
dated February 4, 1997), in which case the loan shall be due and payable in full
180 days after the Borrower's termination date.  The Borrower shall repay this
Note prior to the aforementioned dates as provided below.

     At the option of the Company, this Note shall become immediately due and
payable without notice or demand upon the institution by the Borrower of any
proceedings under the United States Bankruptcy Code or the pendency of any
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding against the Borrower for a period of 60 days
from the institution thereof or the making by the Borrower of an assignment for
the benefit of creditors (the "Event of Default").

     Upon the occurrence of the Event of Default, the Company shall have then,
or at any time thereafter, all of the rights and remedies afforded by the
Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts or afforded by other applicable law.

     In no event shall any interest charged, collected or reserved under this
Note exceed the maximum rate then permitted by applicable law and if any such
payment is paid by the holder as a payment of principal.

     All payments by the Borrower under this Note shall be made without set-off
or counterclaim and be free and clear and without deduction or withholding for
any taxes or fees of any nature whatever, unless the obligation to make such
deduction or withholding is imposed by law.  The Borrower shall pay and save the
holder harmless from all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay
or omission to make any such deduction or withholding required by law.

                                       1
<PAGE>

     Whenever any amount is paid under this Note, all or part of the amount paid
may be applied to principal, interest, premium or interest in such order and
manner as shall be determined by the holder in its discretion.

     No reference in this Note to any other document shall impair the obligation
of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay all amounts under
this Note strictly in accordance with the terms of this Note.

     No delay or omission on the part of the Company in exercising any right
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right of such
Company, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a
bar to or waiver of the same or any other right on any future occasion.

     The Borrower waives presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default or enforcement hereof and also waives any delay on the part of the
Company.  No discharge or release of any other party primarily or secondarily
liable hereon shall discharge or otherwise affect the liability of the Borrower
to the Company.

     None of the terms or provisions of this Note may be excluded, modified, or
amended except by a written instrument duly executed on behalf of the Borrower
expressly referring hereto and setting forth the provision so excluded, modified
or amended.

     The Borrower will pay on demand all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the Company in enforcing the obligations
created by this Note.

     This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and each endorser and
guarantor hereof and upon their heirs, successors and representatives, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors, endorsees and assigns.

     This Note shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance
with, the substantive laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard
to its principled of conflicts of laws.  This Note shall be deemed to be under
seal.


WITNESS:                                    BORROWER:

Signed in my Presence:


/s/ Richard M. Spaulding                    /s/ William P. Ferry
- ---------------------------------------     -----------------------------------
Richard M. Spaulding                        William P. Ferry

                                       2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.56
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>dex1056.txt
<DESCRIPTION>TERMINATION OF STOCKHOLDERS VOTING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.56


                  TERMINATION OF STOCKHOLDERS' VOTING AGREEMENT

      The undersigned, Viacom Inc., a Delaware corporation (successor to CBS
corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation) (the "Purchaser"), ePresence, Inc., a
Massachusetts corporation, (formerly Banyan Systems Incorporated, a
Massachusetts corporation) ("ePresence), and Switchboard Incorporated, a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), hereby agree that the Stockholders' Voting
Agreement dated as of June 30, 1999 by and among the undersigned is hereby
terminated in its entirety and shall have no further force or effect, effective
as of January 1, 2001.

      ePresence agrees that if ePresence transfers shares of capital stock of
the Company held by it such that, after giving effect to such transfer,
ePresence's indemnification obligations under Section 8 of the Common Stock and
Warrant Purchase Agreement by and among the undersigned dated as of June 1, 1999
(the "Purchase Agreement") would have terminated as a result of such transfer
pursuant to Section 8.4(b)(y) of the Purchase Agreement, ePresence's
indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 8 shall nonetheless continue in
full force and effect in accordance with the terms of Section 8 and subject to
Section 8.4(b)(x), notwithstanding Section 8.4(b)(y).


      Executed as of January 1, 2001.


                                     Viacom Inc.

                                     By: /s/ Fredrik G. Reynolds
                                         -------------------------------
                                         Name: Fredrik G. Reynolds
                                         Title: Executive Vice President
                                         & Chief Financial Officer


                                     ePresence, Inc.


                                     By: /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                         -------------------------------
                                         Name: Richard M. Spaulding
                                         Title: Senior Vice President &
                                         Chief Financial Officer

                                     Switchboard Incorporated

                                     By: /s/ Douglas Greenlaw
                                         -------------------------------
                                         Name: Douglas Greenlaw
                                         Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.57
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>dex1057.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.57

                                PRESENCE, INC.
                     NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
                     ------------------------------------


1.  Grant of Options. ePresence, Inc. , a Massachusetts corporation (the
    "Company"), hereby grants to William P. Ferry (the "Optionee"), an option,
    pursuant to the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), to
    purchase an aggregate of 300,000 shares of Common Stock ("Common Stock") of
    the Company at a price of $5.81 per share, purchasable as set forth in and
    subject to the terms and conditions of this option and the Plan. The date of
    grant of this option is January 25, 2001. Except where the context otherwise
    requires, the term "Company" shall include the parent and all present and
    future subsidiaries of the Company as defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f)
    of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or replaced from time to
    time (the "Code").

2.  Non-Qualified Stock Option.  This option is not intended to qualify as
    an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

3.  Exercise of Option and Provisions for Termination.

    a.  Vesting Schedule. This option shall vest and become exercisable equally
        over 16 months at the rate of 18,750 shares per month commencing on
        February 1, 2001 and on the first day of each month thereafter. Except
        as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this option may be exercised
        prior to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant (hereinafter the
        "Expiration Date"). This option may not be exercised at any time on or
        after the Expiration Date. The right of exercise shall be cumulative so
        that if the option is not exercised to the maximum extent permissible
        during any exercise period, it shall be exercisable, in whole or in
        part, with respect to all shares not so purchased at any time prior to
        the Expiration Date or the earlier termination of this option.

    b.  Change in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, as
        defined in the February 4, 1997 Employment Agreement, as last amended as
        of November 16, 2000, between the Company and the Employee (the
        "Employment Agreement"), this option shall become vested and exercisable
        as to 100% of the number of shares covered hereby that would not
        otherwise then be vested and exercisable as provided for in Section 8(b)
        of the Employment Agreement.

    c.  Certain Events.  The vesting of this option shall also be subject
        to continuation in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 of the
        Employment Agreement.
<PAGE>

    d.  Exercise Procedure. Subject to the conditions set forth in this
        Agreement, this option shall be exercised by the Optionee's delivery of
        written notice of exercise to the Treasurer of the Company, specifying
        the number of shares to be purchased and the purchase price to be paid
        therefore and accompanied by payment in full in accordance with Section
        4 hereof.

    e.  Continuous Employment Required. Except as otherwise provided in this
        Section 3, this option may not be exercised unless Optionee, at the time
        he exercises this option, is, and has been at all times since the date
        of grant of this option, an employee of the Company. For all purposes of
        this option, (i) "employment" shall be defined in accordance with the
        provisions of Section 1.421-7(h) of the Income Tax Regulations or any
        successor regulations, and (ii) if this option shall be assumed or a new
        option substituted therefore in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of
        the Code applies, employment by such assuming or substituting
        corporation (hereinafter called the "Successor Corporation") shall be
        considered for all purposes of this option to be employment by the
        Company.

    f.  Exercise Period Upon Termination of Employment. If the Optionee ceases
        to be employed by the Company for any reason, then, except as provided
        in paragraphs (g) and (h) below, the right to exercise this option shall
        terminate three months after the later of cessation of employment or
        cessation of vesting (but in no event after the Expiration Date),
        provided that this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that
        the Optionee was entitled to exercise this option on the date of such
        cessation. The Company's obligation to deliver shares upon the exercise
        of this option shall be subject to the satisfaction of all applicable
        federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding
        requirements, arising by reason of this option being treated as a non-
        statutory option or otherwise.

    g.  Exercise Period Upon Death or Disability. If the Optionee dies or
        becomes disabled (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code)
        prior to the Expiration Date while he is an employee of the Company, or
        if the Optionee dies within three months after the Optionee ceases to be
        an employee of the Company (other than as a result of a discharge for
        "cause" as specified in paragraph (h)

                                       2
<PAGE>

        below), this option shall become exercisable within the period of one
        year following the date of death or disability of the Optionee (but in
        no event after the Expiration Date), by the Optionee or by the person to
        whom this option is transferred by will or the laws of descent and
        distribution. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, if the
        Optionee dies or becomes disabled during a vesting continuation period
        under Paragraph 3 (c) above and prior to the Expiration Date, this
        option shall become exercisable within the period of one year following
        the cessation of such vesting (but in no event after the Expiration
        Date) as to only such options that become exercisable by the Optionee
        during such vesting continuation period, by the Optionee or by the
        person to whom this option is transferred by will or the laws of descent
        and distribution. This option shall be exercisable only to the extent
        that this option was exercisable by the Optionee on the date of his
        cessation of employment and/or cessation of vesting, as the case may be.
        Except as otherwise indicated by the context, the term "Optionee", as
        used in this option, shall be deemed to include the estate of the
        Optionee or any person who acquires the right to exercise this option by
        bequest or inheritance or otherwise by reason of the death of the
        Optionee.

    h.  Exercise Period Upon Discharge for Cause. If the Optionee, prior to the
        Expiration Date, ceases his employment with the Company because he is
        discharged for "cause" (as defined in Section 5 (b) (1) and 5 (b) (2) of
        the Employment Agreement), the right to exercise this option shall
        terminate 30 days after such cessation of employment.

4.  Payment of Purchase Price.

    a.  Method of Payment. Payment of the purchase price for shares purchased
        upon exercise of this option shall be made by delivery of cash or check
        in the amount equal to the exercise price of such options or, with the
        prior consent of the Company (which may be withheld in its sole
        discretion), by (A) delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the
        Optionee for at least six months, valued at their fair market value, as
        determined in (b) below, (B) delivery of a promissory note of the
        Optionee to the Company on terms determined by the Compensation
        Committee of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Compensation
        Committee") (C) delivery of an irrevocable undertaking by a broker to
        deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise
        price or delivery of irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver

                                       3
<PAGE>

        promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise
        price, (D) payment of such other lawful consideration as the
        Compensation Committee may determine, or (E) any combination of the
        foregoing.

    b.  Valuation of Shares or Other Non-Cash Consideration Tendered in Payment
        of Purchase Price. For the purposes hereof, the fair market value of any
        share of the Company's Common Stock or other non-cash consideration
        which may be delivered to the Company in exercise of this option shall
        be determined in good faith or in the manner determined by the
        Compensation Committee from time to time.


    c.  Delivery of Shares Tendered in Payment of Purchase Price. If the
        Optionee exercises options by delivery of shares of Common stock of the
        Company, the certificate or certificates representing the shares of
        Common Stock of the Company to be delivered shall be duly executed in
        blank by the Optionee or shall be accompanied by a stock power duly
        executed in blank suitable for purposes of transferring such shares to
        the Company. Fractional shares of Common Stock of the Company will not
        be accepted in payment of the purchase price of shares acquired upon
        exercise of this option.

    d.  Restrictions on Use of Option Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
        shares of Common Stock of the Company may be tendered in payment of the
        purchase price of shares purchased upon exercise of this option if the
        shares to be so tendered were acquired within six months before the date
        of such tender through the exercise of this option or any other stock
        option or restricted stock agreement.

5.  Delivery of Shares; Compliance with Securities Laws, etc. The Company will
    not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock or to remove
    restrictions from shares previously delivered (i) until all conditions of
    the option have been satisfied or removed, (ii) until, in the opinion of
    Company's counsel, all applicable federal and state laws and regulations
    have been complied with, (iii) if the outstanding Common Stock is at the
    time listed on any stock exchange, until the shares to be delivered have
    been listed or authorized to be listed on such exchange upon official notice
    of notice of issuance, and (iv) until all other legal matters in connection
    with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been approved by the
    Company's counsel.

                                       4
<PAGE>

6.  Non-transferability of Option. This option is personal and no rights granted
    hereunder may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way
    (whether by operation of law or otherwise) nor shall any such rights be
    subject to execution, attachment or similar process, except that this option
    may be transferred (i) by will or the laws of descent and distribution or
    (ii) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in Section
    414(p) of the Code. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge,
    hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this option or of such rights contrary
    to the provisions hereof, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar
    process upon this option or such rights, this option and such rights shall,
    at the election of the Company, become null and void.

7.  No Special Employment or Similar Rights. Nothing contained in this option
    shall be construed or deemed by any person under any circumstances to bind
    the Company to continue the employment or other relationship of Optionee
    with the Company for the period within which this option may be exercised.


8.  Rights as a Shareholder. The Optionee shall have no rights as a shareholder
    with respect to any shares which may be purchased by exercise of this option
    (including, without limitation, any rights to receive dividends or non-cash
    distributions with respect to such shares) unless and until a certificate
    representing such shares is duly issued and delivered to the Optionee. No
    adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record
    date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued.

9.  Adjustment Provisions. In the event that the Compensation Committee, in its
    sole discretion, determines that any stock dividend, extraordinary cash
    dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidate, split-up,
    spin-off, combination or other similar transaction affects the Common Stock
    such that an adjustment is required in order to preserve the benefits or
    potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the
    Compensation Committee shall equitably adjust either or both (i) the number
    and kind of shares subject to this option, and (ii) the award, exercise or
    conversion price with respect to the foregoing, and if considered
    appropriate, the Compensation Committee may make provision for a cash
    payment with respect to this option, provided that the number of shares
    subject to this option shall always be a whole number.

10. Mergers, Consolidation, Distributions, Liquidations, etc. Subject to the
    provisions of Section 3(b) above, in the event of a consolidation, merger

                                       5
<PAGE>

    or other reorganization in which all of the outstanding shares of Common
    Stock are exchanged for securities, cash or other property of any other
    corporation or business entity (an "Acquisition") or in the event of a
    liquidation of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company, or the
    board of directors of any corporation assuming the obligations of the
    Company, may, in its discretion, take any one or more of the following
    actions as to this option: (i) provide that this option shall be assumed, or
    a substantially equivalent option shall be substituted by the acquiring or
    succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) on such terms as the Board
    determines to be appropriate, (ii) upon written notice to the Optionee,
    provide that if unexercised, this option will terminate immediately prior to
    the consummation of such transaction unless exercised by the Optionee within
    a specific period following the date of such notice, (iii) in the event of
    an Acquisition under the terms of which holders of the Common Stock of the
    Company will receive upon consummation thereof a cash payment for each share
    surrendered in the Acquisition (the "Acquisition Price"), make or provide
    for a cash payment to the Optionee equal to the difference between (A) the
    Acquisition Price times the number of shares of Common Stock subject to
    outstanding options (to the extent then exercisable at prices not in excess
    of the Acquisition Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price of all such
    outstanding options in exchange for the termination of such options, and
    (iv) provide that all or part of this option shall become exercisable or
    realizable in full prior to the effective date of such Acquisition.


11. Withholding Taxes. The Company's obligation to deliver shares upon the
    exercise of this option shall be subject to the Optionee's satisfaction to
    all applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax
    withholding requirements. The Optionee shall pay to the Company, or make
    provision satisfactory to the Compensation Committee for payment of, any
    taxes required by law to be withheld in respect of options under the Plan no
    later than the date of the event creating the tax liability. In the
    Compensation Committee's discretion, and subject to such conditions as the
    Compensation Committee may establish, such tax obligations may be paid in
    whole or in part in shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from
    the option creating the tax obligation, valued at their fair market value.
    The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax
    obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Optionee.

12. Miscellaneous.

    a.  If any terms of this Option Agreement are contrary to or otherwise

                                       6
<PAGE>

        conflict with the terms of the Employment Agreement, the terms of the
        Employment Agreement shall control.

    b.  All notices under this option shall be mailed or delivered by hand to
        the parties at their respective addresses set forth beneath their names
        below or at such other address as may be designated in writing by either
        of the parties to one another.

    c.  This option shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
        the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.



                              EPRESENCE, INC.



                              BY: /s/ Richard M. Spaulding
                                 ---------------------------
                                  Richard M. Spaulding
                                  Senior Vice President and
                                  Chief Financial Officer

                                       7
<PAGE>

                             OPTIONEE'S ACCEPTANCE

     The undersigned hereby accepts the foregoing option and agrees to the terms
and conditions hereof.


                              OPTIONEE:


                              /s/ William P. Ferry
                              ---------------------------------
                              William P. Ferry
- -
                              Address:    P.O. Box 638
                                          Hyannis, MA  02601-0638

                                       8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>dex13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SELECTED PORTIONS OF REGISTRANTS ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 13
                                                                      ----------

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operation

Overview

ePresence, Inc. (formerly Banyan Systems Incorporated) (the "Company") is a
leading provider of technology services from e-infrastructure through web
development deployed on leading-edge Internet and directory technologies.
Our primary service offerings include web site and web portal design and
implementation; directory and security planning, application design and
integration; and network integration and optimization.

In addition, our subsidiary, Switchboard Incorporated ("Switchboard"), is an
Internet-based local merchant network, interconnecting consumers, merchants and
national advertisers.  Switchboard connects consumers searching for specific
products and services with merchants that provide them.  Switchboard's results
are consolidated as part of the Company's financial results.  From inception to
March 2000, Switchboard was a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company.  In
March 2000, Switchboard consummated an initial public offering.  Pre-offering,
the Company owned approximately 53% of Switchboard's outstanding common stock
and, as of December 31, 2000, the Company owns approximately 38% of
Switchboard's outstanding common stock.  Due to the Company's control of the
Switchboard board of directors during 2000, Switchboard's results have been
consolidated as part of our financial results.  Effective January 2001, we will
no longer consolidate Switchboard's results and we will begin to account for our
interest in Switchboard under the equity method of accounting.

In 1999, we announced a decision to exit our software business and began to
account for the software business as discontinued operations.  Included in the
1999 results of operations is an estimated loss from disposal of discontinued
operations of $3 million, net of tax.  Since 1995, software revenues had
declined primarily due to competitive pressures in the network operating system
and electronic messaging markets.

During 2000, we focused our efforts on strengthening our position in the
e-services marketplace with the acquisition of two e-services companies and the
initial public offering of Switchboard. The Company was able to increase
revenues from $45.8 million in 1999 to $81.6 million in 2000. Due to our
strategic focus on e-services, we changed our name to ePresence, Inc. in May
2000.

Results of Operations

Services Revenues

Services revenues for 2000 increased 64% to $61.3 million, compared with $37.5
million in 1999 and $21.3 million in 1998.  The increase in 2000 was due to
revenues generated from consulting services due to an increase in customer
engagements, particularly in web-site design and implementation, network
integration, and directory & security planning.  The increase was also due to
the consolidation of post closing results from two acquisitions in the first six
months of 2000.  The increase in 1999 was primarily due to additional revenues
generated from consulting services due to an increase in consulting engagements.

International revenues for 2000 decreased 17% to $9.6 million, compared with
$11.5 million in 1999.  International revenues were $5.4 million in 1998.  The
decrease in 2000 was primarily due to the sale of our French subsidiary in
January 2000 and the closing of our Malaysian and Japanese offices in 1999.  The
increase in 1999 was primarily due to increased revenues from consulting
engagements and services.  In March 2001, we sold our Australian subsidiary,
which accounted for approximately 9% of Services revenue in 2000.  We anticipate
that our international revenues will decrease as a percentage of total revenue
in 2001 when compared to 2000.

Services Gross Profit

Gross profits for Services in 2000 were 45%, or $27.4 million, compared with
39%, or $14.8 million, in 1999 and 42%, or $9.0 million, in 1998.

The increases in gross profit dollars and percentages in 2000 were primarily due
to increases in revenues from consulting services and improved billing rates,
offset in part by an increase in delivery personnel and related costs to expand
consulting services.  The increase in gross profit dollars in 1999 was due
primarily to an increase in consulting
<PAGE>

engagements, offset in part by increases in third-party product costs incurred
as part of select consultancy engagements, and an increase in delivery personnel
and related costs to expand consulting services revenues. The decrease in gross
profit percentage in 1999 was due primarily to an increase in consulting
delivery personnel and related costs. Cost of Services revenues consists
primarily of consulting delivery personnel and third-party product costs.

Services Operating Expenses

Sales and marketing expenses for Services increased 85% to $20.2 million in
2000, compared with $10.9 million in 1999 and $7.8 million in 1998.  These
increases were due primarily to increases in sales staff in our expanded
consulting services activities and an increase in variable sales costs,
including commissions, which increased due to higher revenues.  Additionally, we
incurred approximately $1.7 million of corporate rebranding expense in 2000
relating to the change of the Company's name to ePresence.  Sales and marketing
expenses as a percentage of Services revenues were 33%, 29% and 37% for 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively.  Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries, associated employee benefits and travel expenses of sales and
marketing personnel and promotional expenses.

General and administrative expenses increased 22% to $14.5 million in 2000,
compared with $11.9 million in 1999 and $8.4 million in 1998.  These increases
were due primarily to additional recruiting and training expenses related to the
staffing of our expanding consulting services activities.  General and
administrative expenses as a percentage of Services revenues were 24%, 32% and
40% for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.  General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of compensation, benefits and travel costs for employees in
the Company's management, finance, human resources, information services and
operations groups; recruiting and training costs for delivery personnel; and
facilities and depreciation expenses not allocated to sales or cost of revenues.

Amortization of goodwill expenses for Services were $2.3 million in 2000 as
compared to none in 1999 and 1998.  This increase was due to two  acquisitions
of services companies in the first and second quarters of 2000.  Amortization of
goodwill expenses as a percentage of Services revenues was 4% for 2000, as
compared to none in 1999 and 1998.

Switchboard Revenues

Total revenues from Switchboard included in the consolidated financial results
of our continuing operations increased 145% to $20.3 million, compared with
$8.3 million in 1999 and $6.5 million in 1998. The increase in Switchboard
revenues in 2000 was due primarily to an increase in national advertising,
merchant services and syndication and licensing revenues. The increase in
Switchboard revenues in 1999 was due primarily to an increase in syndication and
license revenues, the launch of Switchboard's merchant aggregation program and
the commencement of a strategic alliance between Switchboard and Discover
Financial Services.

Switchboard Gross Profit

Gross profits for Switchboard in 2000 were 80%, or $16.3 million, compared with
76%, or $6.3 million, in 1999 and 69%, or $4.5 million, in 1998.  These
increases in gross profits were due primarily to increases in revenues offset in
part by increases in amortization of deferred project costs, web service fees in
connection with the merchant aggregation program and data communication costs to
support the Switchboard web site.

Switchboard Operating Expenses

Sales and marketing expenses for Switchboard increased 163% to $29.6 million in
2000, compared with $11.2 million in 1999 and $5.2 million in 1998.  These
increases were due primarily to an increase in promotional investment in
Switchboard, particularly CBS non-cash advertising, merchant services program
expenses and employee salaries and benefits.  Sales and marketing expenses as a
percentage of Switchboard revenues were 146%, 135% and 90% for 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively.

Product development expenses increased 81% to $3.5 million in 2000, compared
with $1.9 million in 1999.  Product development expenses were $3.2 million in
1998.  The increase in 2000 was due primarily to increases in salaries and
benefits associated with new personnel, consulting services and depreciation
expense.  The decrease in 1999 was due primarily to $1.4 million of expense for
incomplete technology related to the MapsOnUs technology acquisition from Lucent
Technologies, Inc. in 1998, as described below.  Product development expenses as
a percentage of Switchboard revenues were 17%, 23% and 49% for 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively.
<PAGE>

On May 18, 1998, Switchboard acquired the MapsOnUs Internet mapping technology
from Lucent Technologies, Inc. for $1.6 million.  Switchboard acquired the
technology for integration into its directory web site.  A significant portion
of the technology acquired was deemed incomplete, as it did not meet the
criteria for capitalization.  The technology was incomplete because it required
a substantial development effort by Switchboard, including a significant amount
of coding, testing and integration, in order to successfully integrate the
MapsOnUs technology into Switchboard's web site.

The technology had no alternative future use to Switchboard inasmuch as
Switchboard had acquired the technology to improve and integrate it into
Switchboard's web site and not to market it as a standalone product.  Further,
Switchboard had no other product, line of business or product development
project that could use the technology.  Therefore, a charge to product
development of $1.4 million was recorded for the purchase of incomplete
technology in 1998.  Switchboard has subsequently completed the design and
integration of the MapsOnUs technology into the Switchboard web site.  The cost
of completing the development effort was $200,000, which was capitalized in
1998.

General and administrative expenses for Switchboard increased 92% to
$3.5 million in 2000, compared with $1.8 million in 1999 and $1.1 million in
1998. The increase in 2000 was primarily due to increased salaries and benefits,
recruitment, insurance expense and increased allowance for doubtful accounts
related to the revenue increase. The increase in 1999 was primarily due to
increased salaries and benefits, recruitment and professional service costs,
offset in part by a decrease in allowances for doubtful accounts. General and
administrative expenses as a percentage of Switchboard revenues were 17%, 22%
and 17% for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

Consolidated Other Income/(Expense) and Income Taxes

Consolidated other income/(expense) increased to $59.6 million in 2000 compared
with $20.7 million in 1999 and $1.0 million in 1998.  The increases in 2000 and
1999 were due primarily to recognized gains on sales of Software.com stock of
approximately $44.6 million and $16.6 million for 2000 and 1999, respectively.
In 2000 we had greater funds available for investment, primarily due to the
sales of Software.com stock and proceeds raised for Switchboard in its initial
public offering, as compared to 1999 and 1998.  The increases in 2000 and 1999
were also due to increases in our minority interest in subsidiary losses.

Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2000 was 49.3%.  This was
negatively impacted by our deconsolidation of Switchboard for tax purposes, as
Switchboard net losses are not included in our tax return, upon our percentage
ownership change on June 30, 1999.  In 1999, management considered the Company's
recent results of operations, as well as the realizability of a gain on its
investment in Software.com, and concluded that it is more likely than not that
the deferred tax assets will be fully realizable. Accordingly, reserves against
the Company's deferred tax assets were reversed, resulting in a one-time benefit
from income taxes of $21.7 million. Subsequently, these deferred tax assets have
been utilized to offset tax from gains on sales of Software.com stock.

Discontinued Operations

In the fourth quarter of 1999, our Board of Directors approved a plan to exit
our software business and to focus on our services and Switchboard  businesses
as our sole operating units.  Included in the 1999 results of operations is an
estimated loss from disposal of discontinued operations of $3.0 million, net of
tax.  The provision is comprised primarily of $1.9 million for the write-off of
certain idle assets and the closure and consolidation of leased facilities,
estimated future operating losses of $0.7 million and $0.4 million for severance
and costs related to the reduction of approximately 45 members of the Company's
staff.

Revenues from discontinued operations for 1999 decreased 44% to $26.7 million,
compared with $47.4 million in 1998 and $63.8 million in 1997.  The decline in
revenues was due primarily to competitive pressures in the network operating
system and electronic messaging markets.  Excluding the estimated loss from
disposal of discontinued operations, expenses from discontinued operations for
1999 decreased 46% to $18.4 million, compared with $34.4 million in 1998 and
$68.6 million in 1997.  The decrease in expenses was due primarily to the
redeployment of resources into the Company's services and Switchboard segments,
a decrease in product development activities and a decrease in variable costs,
including commissions and cost of goods sold, due to lower revenues.
<PAGE>

Other Matters

In May 2000, as a result of our strategic focus on the services market place, we
changed our name to ePresence, Inc.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

At December 31, 2000, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were
$152.2 million, of which $81.4 million was held by ePresence  and $70.8 million
was held by Switchboard.  At December 31, 1999, cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities were $130.8 million, of which $127.2 million was held by
ePresence and $3.6 million was held by Switchboard.  Working capital increased
from $112.4 million at December 31, 1999 to $155.5 million at December 31, 2000.
Cash and cash equivalents increased $9.8 million resulting in a cash balance of
$39.7 million at December 31, 2000.  The increase in cash and cash equivalents
was primarily due to $86.8 million raised from Switchboard's sale of equity in
its initial public offering and $45.3 million in net proceeds from the sale of
shares of Software.com.  These increases were offset in part by $42.3 million in
net purchases of marketable securities, $27.1 million for the acquisitions of
two privately held services companies, $6.5 million in prepaid royalties, $4.9
million of other current assets, $4.3 million of capital expenditures, a $4.0
million decrease in deferred income taxes, and other various operating,
investing and financing activities.

In January 1999, we announced a strategic alliance with Microsoft(R) Corporation
("Microsoft").  As part of the agreement, Microsoft has committed to
contributing $10.0 million to us over a three-year period to fund the training
of at least 500 professionals, marketing and development costs and the purchase
of a warrant to purchase 1.75 million shares of our Common Stock.  Microsoft
paid $8.4 million to us in 1999.

In June 1999, the Company, Switchboard and Viacom, Inc. (formerly CBS)
consummated their agreement for Viacom to acquire a 35% equity stake in
Switchboard as of that date.  In exchange, Switchboard received $5.0 million in
cash and is entitled to promotion and branding over terms of seven and ten
years, respectively, across the full range of Viacom media properties, as well
as those of its radio and outdoor subsidiary, Infinity Broadcasting Corporation.
The agreement provides advertising with a future value of $95.0 million to
Switchboard over a seven-year period and a license to utilize the CBS trademarks
for ten years.  Viacom also received warrants to purchase an additional 5% of
Switchboard as of June 30, 1999.

In January 2000, we acquired ePresence Inc. (now named ePresence Web Consulting,
Inc.) a privately held e-business services company based in Red Bank, New Jersey
that specializes in web design, development and integration.  Consideration for
the acquisition is comprised of $10.0 million in cash and the issuance of shares
of our common stock based on the achievement of certain performance measures.
The estimated purchase price of the acquisition, assuming the achievement of the
performance measures, is approximately $13.8 million.  The acquisition is
accounted for, assuming the achievement of the performance measures, using the
purchase method of accounting.

In May 2000, we acquired Strategic Network Designs, Inc. (now named ePresence
CRM, Inc.), a privately held e-business services company based in Clark, New
Jersey, that specializes in customer relationship management, e-mobility,
wireless and custom application solutions.  The total purchase price of $30.5
million, excluding transaction expenses, included consideration of $17.5 million
in cash, 221,713 shares of common stock valued at $2.4 million and a one-year
earnout of $10.0 million contingent on performance.  In March 2001, the Company
agreed to a $2.0 million payment in satisfaction of the earnout consideration.
The transaction has been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

In March 2000, Switchboard raised approximately $74.8 million, net of expenses,
through an initial public offering of its common stock.  Subsequently, in April
2000, Switchboard raised an additional $11.5 million, net of expenses, through
the sale of the over-allotment of shares by its underwriters.

In 2000, we sold 491,202 shares of Software.com common stock resulting in net
proceeds of approximately $45.3 million and a net realized gain of approximately
$44.6 million.  During January and February of 2000, we entered into hedging
contracts for the remaining 400,000 shares of Software.com common stock, which
we held.  On November 17, 2000,
<PAGE>

Software.com and Phone.com merged. Pursuant to the terms of the merger, each
Software.com shareholder received 1.6105 Phone.com shares in exchange for their
Software.com shares. On October 26, 2000, we entered into two hedging contracts
for Openwave Systems, Inc. (the merged Software.com and Phone.com company)
shares, effectively rolling over our hedging contracts for Software.com common
shares. These contracts are adjusted to equivalent Phone.com shares and pricing
and maintain the same terms as the original contracts with the exception of
maturities. The hedging contract for 483,150 shares matures on March 19, 2001
and the hedging contract for 161,050 shares matures on April 9, 2001. In January
2001, we liquidated this Openwave position for net proceeds of approximately
$39.3 million.

We terminated our line of credit with Foothill Capital Corporation effective
September 4, 2000.  On October 6, 2000, we entered into a new $10.0 million line
of credit agreement with Fleet National Bank.  In general, the Company's
obligations under this credit agreement bear interest at the variable base rate
per annum.  This credit agreement has a three-year term.  The line of credit
contains covenants relating to the maintenance of certain financial ratios.
We had no borrowings under the line of credit outstanding at December 31, 2000.

On December 18, 2000, the Board of Directors of ePresence authorized the
repurchase of up to $10.0 million of its common stock on the open market.
Repurchases of stock will be at management's discretion, depending upon
acceptable prices and availability.  Funds used in the repurchase of shares will
come from ePresence's existing cash and investment balances along with cash
generated from operations.  As of December 31, 2000, the Company has expended
$166,250 toward stock repurchase.

We believe that existing cash and marketable securities, combined with cash
expected to be generated from operations, will be sufficient to fund the
Company's operations through at least the next 12 months.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We do not believe that we have any material market risk exposure with respect to
derivative or other financial instruments which would require disclosure under
this item.

Factors Affecting Future Operating Results

Certain of the information contained in this Annual Report, including, without
limitation, information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business,
statements relating to the sufficiency of cash and cash equivalent balances,
anticipated expenditures, the intended effects of the discontinuation of our
software business, the deconsolidation of Switchboard.com and our sales and
marketing and product development efforts, consists of forward-looking
statements.  Any statements contained herein that are not statements of
historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.  Without
limiting the foregoing, the words  "believes," "expects," "anticipates,"
"plans," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements.  Important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements include the following factors:

In October 1999, we announced a plan to exit our software business.  Until the
fourth quarter of 1998, a majority of our revenues were attributable to the
software business.  While we have continued to provide consulting services to
our customers, we no longer market software, nor have we advanced our software
technology through product development.  Our future success will depend in part
upon our ability to continue to grow our Services business, enter into new
strategic alliances, acquire additional Services customers and adapt to changing
technologies and customer requirements. Any failure to do so could have a
material adverse effect on us. We have a limited operating history as a services
company. There can be no assurance we will be successful in our new strategic
focus on services, including e-services.

The recent stock market decline and broad economic slowdown has affected the
demand for e-services, lengthened the sales cycles and caused decreased
technology spending for many of our customers and potential customers.  These
events could have a material effect on us.

As part of our strategic focus on services, on January 11, 1999, we announced a
global alliance with Microsoft to deliver integrated messaging, networking and
Internet solutions and the collaboration on the design and implementation of
packaged services, solutions and support offerings based on Microsoft's
enterprise platform.  The agreement contains various obligations and milestones
that must be met by us, including the certification of 500 Microsoft-trained
professionals.  The failure to meet such obligations and milestones could result
in a termination of the agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on
us.
<PAGE>

We sell our services principally through a direct sales force to customers in a
broad range of industries.  We do not require collateral or other security to
support customer receivables.  Conditions affecting any of our clients could
cause them to become unable or unwilling to pay us in a timely manner, or at
all, for services we have already performed.  Our financial results and
condition could be adversely affected by credit losses.

During 2000 we entered into a number of partnerships and alliances with software
vendors under which the Company provides services around such vendors' products.
Any failure of these alliances to generate the anticipated level of sales, or
the loss of one or more of these alliances, or the failure to enter into
additional stategic alliances, could have a material adverse effect on us.

We are dependent upon the continued services of our key management and technical
personnel.  Competition for qualified personnel is intense, and there can be no
assurance we will be able to attract and retain qualified management and other
key employees.

In 1999, we announced our intention to acquire additional professional services
companies in an attempt to strengthen our expanding consulting services business
activities.  In 2000, we completed two acquisitions, described elsewhere herein.
Any failure by us to effectively identify and acquire additional companies,
integrate and assimilate acquired companies, and any failure of acquired
companies to perform as expected, could have a material adverse effect on us.

In 2000, 1999 and 1998, international revenues accounted for 16%, 31% and 25%,
respectively, of the Company's Services revenues.  International revenues may be
adversely affected by factors such as local or global economic conditions,
political uncertainty, currency fluctuations and governmental regulation.  For
example, our results of operations in 1998 were adversely affected by global
economic uncertainty, and in particular, the financial market instability in
Asia.  There can be no assurance such uncertainty will not continue to adversely
affect our operating results.

As part of Viacom's June 1999 investment in Switchboard, Switchboard and
ePresence entered into an Advertising and Promotion Agreement with CBS, under
which CBS agreed to arrange for the placement of up to $95.0 million of
advertising and promotion of the Switchboard web site.  Under this agreement, we
agreed to indemnify CBS for any breach by Switchboard of Switchboard's
representations, warranties or covenants in the agreement.  Our indemnification
obligations with respect to the covenants expire upon the first to occur of
(i) the first business day after June 30, 2001 when we own or control less than
a majority of Switchboard's voting power and (ii) the first business day after
any person owns or controls more of Switchboard's voting power than do we.
Switchboard has agreed to indemnify us for amounts that we may be required to
pay Viacom pursuant to our indemnification obligations to Viacom. If we are
required under the Advertising and Promotion Agreement to indemnify Viacom it
may have a material adverse effect on us.

We own 9,802,421 shares of Switchboard's common stock, which is traded on the
Nasdaq National Market.  The trading price of Switchboard's common stock is
likely to be volatile and may be influenced by many factors, including, without
limitation, variations in financial results, changes in earnings estimates by
industry research analysts, the failure or success of branding and strategic
initiatives (including Switchboard's relationship with CBS) and investors'
perceptions.  Volatility in the trading price of Switchboard's common stock
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  In addition,
due to our level of ownership of Switchboard, the trading price of our common
stock is likely to be influenced by the trading price of Switchboard's common
stock.  If Switchboard's trading price declines, the trading price of our common
stock will likely decline as well.

Through 2000, Switchboard's results of operations are consolidated as part of
our results of operations.  Beginning in 2001, Switchboard's results of
operations will be accounted for under the equity method of accounting, whereby
we will include our pro rata share of Switchboard's net income or loss as a
separate line item in our statement of operations.  Switchboard, which has a
history of incurring net losses, expects its net losses to continue through at
least 2001 as a result of planned increases in operating expenses and may never
achieve profitability.  In addition, Switchboard's quarterly results of
operations have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to fluctuate
significantly from quarter to quarter in the future.  Factors that may cause
Switchboard's results of operations to fluctuate include:
<PAGE>

 . the addition or loss of relationships with third parties that are
  Switchboard's source of new merchants for its local merchant network or that
  license Switchboard's services for use on their own web sites;

 . Switchboard's ability to attract and retain consumers, local merchants and
  national advertisers to its web site;

 . the amount and timing of expenditures for expansion of Switchboard's
  operations, including the hiring of new employees, capital expenditures and
  related costs;

 . technical difficulties or failures affecting Switchboard's systems or the
  Internet in general;

 . the cost of acquiring, and the availability of, content, including directory
  information and maps; and

 . Switchboard's expenses, which are largely fixed, particularly in the short-
  term, are partially based on expectations regarding future revenue.

In addition, Switchboard has only a limited operating history and until March
2000 had no operating history as a stand-alone company and no experience in
addressing various business challenges without the support of a corporate
parent.  It may not be successful as a stand-alone company.

Because of the foregoing factors and the other factors we have disclosed from
time to time, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our financial
results are not necessarily meaningful and you should not rely upon these
comparisons as indicators of our future performance.  We expect that our results
of operations may fluctuate from period-to-period in the future.


EURO CONVERSION DISCLOSURE

On January 1, 1999, the participating member countries of the European Union
adopted the Euro as the common legal currency and fixed conversion rates between
their existing sovereign currencies and the Euro.  We do not believe that the
Euro conversion will have a material impact on our operations.
<PAGE>

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                December 31,
                                                                           --------------------
                                                                              2000       1999
                                                                           --------   ---------
                                                                              (in thousands,
                                                                           except share amounts)
<S>                                                                        <C>        <C>
  Assets
  Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                             $ 39,726   $ 29,920
     Marketable securities                                                  104,207     91,653
     Accounts receivable, less allowances of
     $1,278 and $869, respectively                                           20,016     14,482
     Other current assets                                                    14,293      2,729
     Total current assets                                                   178,242    138,784
     Property and equipment, net                                              5,636      3,784
     Marketable securities                                                    8,249      9,198
     Deferred tax asset                                                      13,265     21,655
     Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of $2,263                     29,330         --
     Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of
     $876 and $596, respectively                                              9,708      1,029
  Total assets                                                             $244,430   $174,450

  Liabilities
  Current liabilities:
     Accounts payable                                                      $  4,561   $  3,677
     Accrued compensation                                                     5,136      4,493
     Accrued expenses                                                         7,577      7,538
     Net liabilities of discontinued operations                                  --      3,264
     Other current liabilities                                                  737      1,041
     Deferred revenue                                                         4,723      5,728
     Long-term debt, current portion                                             --        600
     Total current liabilities                                               22,734     26,341
  Commitments and contingencies (Note I)
  Long-term debt                                                              2,000         --
  Deferred tax liability                                                     13,947     30,350
  Minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries                            56,070      2,392

  Shareholders' Equity
     Convertible preferred stock, $.01 par value; authorized 1,000,000
      shares;
     none issued and outstanding                                                 --         --
     Common stock, $.01 par value; authorized 35,000,000 shares;
     issued and outstanding 26,063,646 and 24,783,670
     shares, respectively                                                       261        248
     Additional paid-in capital                                             144,725     93,648
     Unearned compensation                                                   (2,743)      (603)
     Accumulated earnings/(deficit)                                          11,619     (3,436)
     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                  24,547     54,074
     Treasury stock at cost; 1,893,000 shares                               (28,730)   (28,564)
     Total shareholders' equity                                             149,679    115,367
     Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                            $244,430   $174,450
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
 financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     Years ended December 31,
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                    2000       1999       1998
                                                 --------   --------   --------
                                                   (in thousands, except share
                                                     and per share amounts)
<S>                                              <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenues:
  Services                                       $ 61,300   $ 37,494   $ 21,320
  Switchboard                                      20,310      8,304      6,513
     Total revenues                                81,610     45,798     27,833
Cost of Revenues:
  Services                                         33,857     22,714     12,284
  Switchboard                                       4,049      1,970      1,999
Total cost of revenues                             37,906     24,684     14,283
Gross profit                                       43,704     21,114     13,550
Operating Expenses:
  Sales and marketing                              49,819     22,163     13,053
  Product development                               3,473      1,923      3,223
  General and administrative                       18,067     13,768      9,595
  Amortization of Goodwill and Intangibles          2,308         --         --
     Total operating expenses                      73,667     37,854     25,871
Operating loss from continuing operations         (29,963)   (16,740)   (12,321)
Other Income/(Expense):
  Interest income                                   7,624      1,345        793
  Minority interest                                 9,861      3,513        549
  Interest expense                                    (61)      (100)      (122)
  Other, net                                       42,208     15,914       (257)
  Total other income/(expense)                     59,632     20,672        963
Income/(loss) from continuing operations
  before income taxes                              29,669      3,932    (11,358)
Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes          14,614    (22,292)       573
Income/(loss) from continuing operations         $ 15,055   $ 26,224   $(11,931)
Discontinued operations:
  Income from discontinued operations
     (net of taxes of $3,283 in 1999)                  --      4,925     13,046
  Loss from disposal of discontinued operations
     (net of tax benefit of $2,000 in 1999)            --     (3,000)        --
Net income                                       $ 15,055   $ 28,149   $  1,115

Net Income/(Loss) per Share:
  Basic
     Income/(loss) from continuing operations       $0.64      $1.24     $(0.66)
     Net income                                     $0.64      $1.33      $0.06
  Diluted
     Income/(loss) from continuing operations       $0.56      $1.03     $(0.66)
     Net income                                     $0.56      $1.11      $0.06
Weighted average number of common shares:
  Basic                                            23,695     21,155     18,085
  Diluted                                          26,727     25,449     18,085

</TABLE>
              The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
                      consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

THREE YEARS ENDED            CONVERTIBLE              ADDITIONAL                  ACCUMULATED      OTHER
DECEMBER 31, 2000             PREFERRED    COMMON      PAID-IN      UNEARNED      EARNINGS/    COMPREHENSIVE   TREASURY     TOTAL
(In Thousands)                  STOCK      STOCK       CAPITAL    COMPENSATION    (DEFICIT)        INCOME        STOCK     EQUITY
- ---------------------------- -----------  --------   ----------   ------------   ------------  -------------   ---------  --------
<S>                          <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>        <C>

  Balance, December 31, 1997     $   --       $193     $ 66,020        $    --      $(32,700)       $    128   $(28,564)  $  5,077
  Net income                                                                           1,115                                 1,115
  Foreign currency
     translation adjustment                                                                               42                    42
  Change in net unrealized
     gain on investments                                                                                   8                     8
  Comprehensive income                                                                                                       1,165
  1,472,305 shares of
   common stock
     issued under stock and
      option
     plans including related
      tax benefits                              15          2,542         2,557
  263,158 shares of
     convertible
     preferred stock issued           3                   9,497                                                              9,500
  Unearned compensation                                   1,426         (1,426)                                                 --
  Amortization of unearned
     compensation                                                          100             100
  Balance, December 31, 1998          3        208       79,485         (1,326)      (31,585)            178    (28,564)    18,399
  Net income                                                                          28,149                                28,149
  Foreign currency
   translation adjustment                                                                (61)                                  (61)
  Change in net unrealized
     gain on investments, net
     of tax                                                                           53,957                                53,957
  Comprehensive income                                                                                                      82,045
  1,333,108 shares of
   common stock issued
     under stock and option
      plans
     including related tax
      benefits                                  13        3,736                                                              3,749
  Exercise of warrants for
     90,701 shares of common
      stock                                      1           (1)                                                                --
  Conversion of preferred
   stock to
     2,631,580 shares of
      common stock(3)                           26          (23)                                                                --
  Unearned compensation                                     277           (277)                                                 --
  Amortization of unearned
      compensation                                                       1,000                                               1,000
  Issuance of warrants                                    4,503                                                              4,503
  Issuance of subsidiary
   common stock
     and warrants, net of
     minority interests                                   3,474                                                              3,474
  Non-cash advertising and
   promotion
     expenses, net of minority
      interests                                           2,197                                                              2,197
  Balance, December 31, 1999         --        248       93,648           (603)       (3,436)         54,074    (28,564)   115,367
  Net income                                                                          15,055                                15,055
  Foreign currency
     translation adjustment                                                                             (240)                 (240)
  Change in net unrealized
     loss on investments                                                                             (29,287)              (29,287)
  Comprehensive loss                                                                                                       (14,472)
  1,279,976 shares of
   common stock issued
     under stock and option
      plans
     including related tax
      benefits                                  13        8,891                                                              8,904
  Conversion of warrants
  Repurchase of 45,000
   shares                                                                                                          (166)      (166)
  Unearned compensation                                   2,927         (3,015)                                                (88)
  Amortization on unearned
     compensation                                                           (5)          875             870
  Net change in subsidiary
   capital,
     net of minority
      interest                                           39,264                                                             39,264
  Balance, December 31, 2000     $   --       $261     $144,725        $(2,743)     $ 11,619        $ 24,547   $(28,730)  $149,679
The accompanying notes are
 an integral part of the
 consolidated financial
 statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                         --------------------------------
                                                                                            2000      1999      1998
                                                                                         --------   --------   -------
                                                                                                (in thousands)
<S>                                                                                      <C>        <C>        <C>
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
  Net income                                                                             $ 15,055   $ 28,149   $ 1,115
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
     Cash (used in)/provided by operating activities:
     Gain on sale of investments                                                          (44,556)   (16,586)       --
     Other-than-temporary unrealized loss on
     available for sale investments                                                           714         --        --
     Depreciation and amortization                                                          5,418      2,343     4,662
     Minority interest                                                                     (9,861)    (3,684)     (549)
     Loss on disposal of assets                                                               325         --        --
     Discontinued operations, non-cash portion                                                 --        600        --
     Other charges, non-cash portion                                                           --         --     1,400
     Amortization of unearned compensation                                                    870      1,000       100
     Non-cash advertising and promotion                                                    11,610      4,069        --
     Deferred income taxes                                                                 (4,005)     8,695        --
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       Accounts receivable                                                                 (2,570)      (804)   (4,370)
       Inventories                                                                             --         --       192
       Net discontinued liabilities                                                        (3,634)     2,071        --
       Other current assets                                                                (4,909)       212      (327)
       Other non-current assets                                                            (5,498)       481      (125)
       Prepaid royalties                                                                   (6,500)        --        --
       Accounts payable and accrued compensation and expenses                              (2,660)       846       707
       Accrued costs for restructuring and other charges                                       --         --      (873)
       Other current liabilities                                                             (250)      (437)      (69)
       Deferred revenue                                                                      (850)    (1,429)     (483)
       Other liabilities                                                                       --         --      (175)
  Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                                     (51,301)    25,526     1,205
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
     Capital expenditures                                                                  (4,303)    (2,218)   (1,420)
     Proceeds from investment                                                              45,278     17,286        --
     Acquisition of technology                                                                 --         --      (500)
     Acquisition of goodwill                                                              (27,142)        --        --
     (Purchases of)/proceeds from marketable securities, net                              (42,328)   (38,265)   (2,918)
  Net cash (used in) investing activities                                                 (28,495)   (23,197)   (4,838)
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
     Net proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred stock                                 --         --     9,500
     Sale of equity in subsidiary, net                                                     86,842      4,298        --
     Proceeds from acquired debt                                                              (35)        --        --
     Purchase of treasury stock                                                              (166)        --        --
     Proceeds from stock plan purchases, stock options
       and warrants                                                                         2,894      8,326     2,557
  Net cash provided by financing activities                                                89,535     12,624    12,057
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                 67       (193)       62
  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                 9,806     14,760     8,486
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                       29,920     15,160     6,674
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                           $ 39,726   $ 29,920   $15,160
  Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information:
     Cash paid during the year for:
       Interest                                                                          $     61   $    147   $   473
       Income taxes                                                                      $  1,870   $    301   $   372
     Non-cash financing activity:
       Corporate insurance financing                                                           --   $  1,029        --
       Issuance of note payable for technology                                                 --         --   $ 1,100

</TABLE>
                The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    the consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

A. NATURE OF BUSINESS

ePresence, Inc., formerly Banyan Systems Incorporated ("the Company"), has two
reportable segments: Services and Switchboard.  The Company's Services segment
delivers professional services including web site and web portal design and
implementation; directory and security planning, application design and
integration; network integration and optimization.  The Company's Switchboard
segment is organized as a subsidiary, Switchboard Incorporated ("Switchboard").
Switchboard is an Internet-based local merchant network interconnecting
consumers, merchants and national advertisers.  Switchboard connects consumers
searching for specific products and services with merchants that provide them.
In March 2000, Switchboard completed an initial public offering.  At December
31, 2000, the Company owned 9,802,421 shares or an approximate 38% equity
interest on a fully diluted basis.  In 1999, the Company announced the
discontinuation of its software business.  The Company's reportable segments are
managed separately because they market and distribute distinct products and
services.

B. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements comprise those of the Company and its
subsidiaries.  Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Certain previously reported amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
current method of presentation.

Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.  Those instruments with maturities
between three and twelve months are considered to be short-term marketable
securities, and investments with maturities of greater than one year are
classified as long-term marketable securities.  Cash equivalents and marketable
securities are carried at market, and consist primarily of U.S. government
securities, corporate and municipal issues, and interest bearing deposits with
major banks.

In accordance with Statement of Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 115, the
Company classifies all of its marketable debt and marketable equity securities
as available for sale securities.  These securities are valued at their fair
value.  Unrealized holding gains and losses are reported as a net amount in
accumulated other comprehensive income, a separate component of shareholders'
equity (see Note O).

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method over the following estimated asset lives:

  Computers and peripherals                       3 years
  Equipment                                       2-5 years
  Furniture and fixtures                          5 years

Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred, while betterments
are capitalized.  Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the
lease term or the life of the asset.  When property is retired or otherwise
disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
respective amounts and any gain or loss is reflected in operations.

Product Development Costs

The Company capitalizes costs for internally developed software after
technological feasibility of the products is reached.  Costs incurred prior to
the establishment of technological feasibility are charged to research and
development expense.  Software costs are amortized, on a product-by-product
basis, ratably over the estimated economic life of the product (generally three
years), or the ratio of current gross revenues to total current and expected
future gross revenues of the product, whichever is greater.

The Company evaluates the net realizable value of capitalized software on an
ongoing basis, relying on a number of factors including operating results,
business plans, budgets, economic projections and undiscounted cash flows.  In
addition, the Company's evaluation considers non-financial data such as market
trends, project development cycles and changes in management's market emphasis.
<PAGE>

Software Licenses

The Company has purchased various software licenses for technology that have
been incorporated in the Company's products.  The cost of these licenses,
included in other assets, is amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives, not to exceed three years (see Note F).

Certain of these licenses require royalty payments based on future sales.  Such
amounts are expensed as incurred.

Revenue Recognition

The Company recognizes services revenues pursuant to time and material contracts
generally as services are provided.  Services revenues pursuant to fixed-fee
contracts are generally recognized as services are rendered on the percentage-
of-completion method of accounting (based on the ratio of costs incurred to
total estimated costs).

The Company's subsidiary, Switchboard, generates its revenue from web site
advertising, syndication and licensing fees for its directory technologies, and
its merchant aggregation program.  Revenue from advertising is recognized as the
services are delivered, provided that no significant Switchboard obligations
remain and collection of the resulting receivable is probable.  Revenue from
revenue-sharing agreements is recognized in the period following that in which
the services are provided and when the revenue amount can be determined.
Syndication and licensing revenues and related costs are recognized ratably over
the term of the contract.  Subscription fees are recognized over the period that
the local merchant web site is in place, usually on a monthly basis.  Customer
acquisition fees are recognized when the local merchant web site construction is
complete.

Deferred revenue is principally comprised of billings in excess of recognized
revenue relating to consulting engagements, advertising agreements and licensing
fees received in advance of revenue recognition.

Foreign Currency Translation

The Company's subsidiaries generally use the local currency as the functional
currency; assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the period
ended exchange rate, and income and expense amounts are translated using the
average rate prevailing for the period.  Adjustments resulting from translation
are included in accumulated other comprehensive income.  For those subsidiaries,
which use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency, translation gains and
losses are included in other income and expenses in the statement of operations.
The Company's foreign subsidiaries, ePresence (UK) Ltd., ePresence (Deutschland)
GmbH and ePresence Holland B.V., used the U.S. dollar as functional currency for
the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997.  In April 1999, the Company made a
determination to change the functional currency of ePresence (UK) Ltd.,
ePresence (Deutschland) GmbH and ePresence Holland B.V. to their respective
local currencies.  The Company's foreign subsidiary, ePresence Australia Pty.
Ltd., used the local currency as functional currency for the year ended December
31, 1997.  In January of 1998, the Company made a determination to change the
functional currency of ePresence Australia Pty. Ltd. to the U.S. dollar.  In
1999, the remainder of the Company's subsidiaries used the U.S. dollar as their
functional currency.

Minority Interest

Minority interest in consolidated subsidiary represents minority shareholders'
proportionate share of the equity in the Company's subsidiary, Switchboard.  At
December 31, 2000, the Company owned approximately 38.2% of the capital stock on
a fully diluted basis of Switchboard (see Note K).

Risks and Uncertainties

The Company invests its cash and cash equivalents primarily in deposits and
money market funds with two commercial banks.  The Company has not experienced
any losses to date on its invested cash.

The Company sells its services principally through a direct sales force to
customers in a broad range of industries.  The Company performs ongoing credit
evaluations of its customers but does not require collateral or other security
to support customer receivables.  The Company maintains reserves for credit
losses, and to date, such losses have been within management's expectations.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.
<PAGE>

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled.  A deferred tax asset is established
for the expected future benefit of net operating loss and credit carryforwards.
A valuation reserve against net deferred tax assets is required if, based upon
available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized.

Derivative Instruments and Hedging

In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities."  The standard establishes accounting and
reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain derivative
instruments embedded in other contracts, and for hedging activities.  SFAS No.
133, as amended by SFAS No. 137, is effective for all fiscal quarters of fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2000.  The Company does not expect SFAS No. 133
to have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.

Advertising Expense

Advertising costs, in the Switchboard subsidiary books, are expensed as incurred
and totaled $17,272,000, $6,612,000 and $3,296,000 in the years ended December
31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.  In 2000 and 1999, the cost included
$11,824,000 and $4,069,000 of non-cash advertising received from Viacom
(formerly CBS), respectively.

C. MARKETABLE SECURITIES

Marketable securities consisted of the following at December 31, 2000 and 1999:
<TABLE>
                                      2000                  1999
                                   AGGREGATE  AMORTIZED  AGGREGATE    AMORTIZED
  SECURITY TYPE                   FAIR VALUE     COST    FAIR VALUE      COST
  -------------                   ----------  ---------  ----------  ----------
                                                (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                               <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
  Maturing within one year:
     Common stock                   $ 38,448    $   649    $ 85,555    $ 1,310
     Commercial paper/agencies        57,469     57,057       5,961      5,957
     U.S. treasury notes               1,247      1,225         137        137
     Municipal obligations             7,043      7,017          --         --
                                     104,207     65,948      91,653      7,404
  Maturing after one year through
   five years:
     Commercial paper/agencies         7,232      7,034       1,030      1,017
     U.S. treasury notes               1,017      1,010       8,168      8,123
                                       8,249      8,044       9,198      9,140
  Totals                            $112,456    $73,992    $100,851    $16,544
</TABLE>
Unrealized gains/(losses) are included in shareholders' equity and accumulated
other comprehensive income, net of tax.

D. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   December 31,
Property and equipment consists of the         -------------------
 following at:                                   2000       1999
- --------------------------------------------   --------   --------
                                                 (in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>        <C>
  Computer and peripherals                     $ 19,277   $ 17,786
  Equipment                                       9,524      8,740
  Furniture and fixture                           2,263      1,638
  Leasehold improvements                          3,411      2,361
  Total cost                                     34,475     30,525
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization     (28,839)   (26,741)
                                               $  5,636   $  3,784
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

Depreciation expense for 2000, 1999 and 1998 was $2,194,000, $1,931,000 and
$3,607,000, respectively.  At December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, 5%, 8% and 7%,
respectively, of the Company's fixed assets were deployed or resided
internationally.  The principal international locations were the United Kingdom,
Germany, Holland and Australia.


E. ACQUISITION OF BUSINESSES

In January 2000, the Company acquired ePresence, Inc. (currently named ePresence
Web Consulting, Inc.), a privately held e-business services company based in Red
Bank, New Jersey that specializes in web design, development and integration.
Consideration for the acquisition is comprised of $10,037,000 in cash, of which
approximately $9,963,000 had been paid through December 31, 2000, and the
issuance of shares of the Company's common stock based upon the achievement of
certain performance measures.  The estimated purchase price of the acquisition,
assuming the achievement of the performance measures, is approximately
$13,750,000 and has been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

The Company has recorded an intangible of approximately $9,505,000, which will
be amortized over a ten-year period.

A summary of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the ePresence, Inc.
acquisition follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                (Thousands)
<S>                                                            <C>
  Estimated fair values
     Assets acquired                                              $ 1,553
     Liabilities assumed                                           (1,021)
     Goodwill (amortized by the straight-line method
      over 10 years)                                                9,505
  Purchase price                                                   10,037
  Less cash acquired and liability for outstanding shares             (20)
  Net cash paid                                                   $10,017
</TABLE>

In May 2000, the Company acquired Strategic Network Designs, Inc. (currently
named ePresence CRM, Inc.), a privately held e-business services company based
in Clark, New Jersey that specializes in customer relationship management, e-
mobility, wireless and custom application solutions.  The total purchase price
of $30,500,000, excluding transaction expenses, included consideration of
$17,500,000 in cash, 221,713 shares of common stock valued at $2,400,000 and a
one-year earnout of $10,000,000 contingent on performance.  The transaction has
been accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.  The Company has
recorded an intangible of approximately $19,800,000, which will be amortized
over a ten-year period.

A summary of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Strategic
Network Designs, Inc. acquisition follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 (Thousands)
<S>                                                            <C>
  Estimated fair values
     Assets acquired                                              $ 3,073
     Liabilities assumed                                           (2,934)
     Goodwill (amortized by the straight-line method
      over 10 years)                                               19,800
  Purchase price                                                   19,939
  Less cash acquired and liability for outstanding shares            (556)
  Net cash paid                                                   $19,383
</TABLE>

The following are the Company's unaudited pro forma results for the year ended
December 31, 1999 as compared to the unaudited pro forma results for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2000, assuming the acquisitions occurred on January 1,
1999 (in thousands, except for per share data).
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                              -------------------------
                                                   2000         1999
                                              ------------ ------------
                                               (pro forma) (pro forma)
<S>                                           <C>          <C>
  Net revenues                                  $ 88,167     $ 62,144
  Net (loss) from continuing operations         $(28,313)    $(14,272)
  Net income                                    $ 16,299     $  3,336
  Net earnings per common share:
     Basic                                      $   0.69     $   0.16
     Diluted                                    $   0.61     $   0.13
  Weighted average number of common shares
     Basic                                        23,695       21,155
     Diluted                                      26,727       25,449
</TABLE>

These unaudited pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes
only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations, which
would have actually resulted, had the combinations been in effect on January 1,
1999, or of future results of operations.
<PAGE>

F. OTHER ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                               December 31,
                                             --------------
Other assets consist of the following at:     2000    1999
- -----------------------------------------    ------  ------
                                             (in thousands)
<S>                                          <C>     <C>
  AOL stock, net                             $3,138  $   --
  AOL long-term prepaid                       6,133      --
  Continuum software license, net               219     743
  Other                                         218     286
                                             $9,708  $1,029
</TABLE>

Amortization expense for other assets was $603,000, $413,000 and $1,185,000 for
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

On May 18, 1998, Switchboard acquired the MapsOnUs Internet mapping technology
from Lucent Technologies, Inc. ("Lucent").  The technology was acquired to
integrate it into Switchboard's directory web site.  Switchboard paid Lucent
$500,000 in cash and executed a note payable of $1,100,000 to be paid over a
two-year period.  The note bore interest at a rate of 6.75%.  During the year
ended December 31, 2000, Switchboard completed payment of the final principal
and interest payable under the note.

A significant portion of the technology acquired was deemed incomplete as it did
not meet the criteria for capitalization.  The technology was incomplete because
the technology required a substantial development effort by Switchboard in order
to successfully integrate the MapsOnUs technology into its web site.  The
technology had no alternative future use to Switchboard inasmuch as Switchboard
had acquired the technology to improve and integrate it into Switchboard's web
site and not to market it as a standalone product.  Further, Switchboard had no
other product, line of business or product development project that could use
the technology.  Therefore, a charge to product development of $1,400,000 was
recorded for the purchase of incomplete technology in 1998.

In December 2000, Switchboard entered into a Directory and Local Advertising
Platform Services Agreement (the "Directory Agreement") with AOL to develop a
new directory & local advertising platform and product set to be featured across
specified AOL properties. Switchboard and AOL will share specified directory
advertisement revenue during the term of the Directory Agreement. In general (i)
Switchboard will receive a majority of the first $35.0 million of such directory
advertisement revenue and (ii) Switchboard will receive a lesser share of any
additional such directory advertisement revenue. Switchboard paid AOL $13.0
million at the signing of the Directory Agreement and, under the terms of the
Directory Agreement, will pay to AOL a total of an additional $13.0 million
under a schedule that shall end no later than March 11, 2002. These amounts will
be amortized as sales and marketing expenses over the estimated life of the
agreement. AOL has committed to pay at least $2.0 million to Switchboard in
consulting or service fees. The Directory Agreement has an initial term of four
years, which is subject to earlier termination upon the occurrence of specified
events including, without limitation, (a) after 24 months, and again after 36
months, if specified revenue targets have not been achieved and neither party
has made additional payments to the other to prevent such termination, (b) if
Switchboard is acquired by one of certain third parties or (c) if AOL acquires
one of certain third parties and AOL pays to Switchboard a termination fee of
$25.0 million.

In connection with entering into the Directory Agreement, Switchboard issued to
AOL 746,260 shares of its common stock, and agreed to issue to AOL 746,260
shares of common stock if the Directory Agreement continues after two years and
an additional 746,260 shares of common stock if the Directory Agreement
continues after three years.  Switchboard recorded the value of the 746,260
shares issued to AOL as an other asset and is amortizing this value on a
straight line basis over four years through amortization of goodwill and
intangibles.  If Switchboard and AOL renew the Directory Agreement for at least
an additional four years after the initial term, Switchboard agreed to issue to
AOL a warrant to purchase up to 721,385 shares of common stock at a per share
purchase price of $4.32.  Switchboard granted AOL "piggy-back" registration
rights and up to two Form S-3 demand registration rights with respect to the
foregoing shares of Common Stock.
<PAGE>

G. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN

In 1989, the Company established a savings and profit sharing plan covering
substantially all U.S. employees.  The plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  Effective January 1, 1994, the
Company elected to match an employee's elective deferrals to the plan based upon
a prescribed formula.  The maximum matching contribution was 2% of an employee's
annual compensation.  Vesting is over a four-year period and begins on the date
of hire.  The Company contributed $268,000, $307,000, and $297,000 in 2000,
1999, and 1998, respectively.

In January 2000, the Company acquired ePresence, Inc. ("ePresence"), and has
elected to continue administering the savings and profit sharing plan that was
adopted by ePresence on January 1, 1997.  The maximum matching contribution was
4% of an employee's annual compensation.  Vesting is over a four-year period and
begins four months from the date of hire.  The Company contributed $82,000 in
2000.

In May 2000, the Company acquired Strategic Network Designs, Inc. ("SND"), and
has elected to continue administering the savings and profit sharing plan that
was adopted by SND on January 1, 1997.  The maximum matching contribution was 3%
of an employee's annual compensation.  Vesting is over a four-year period and
begins three months from the date of hire.  The Company's contribution was
$203,000 in 2000.

H. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In the fourth quarter of 1999, the Board of Directors of the Company committed
to a plan to exit its software business and to focus the Company on its services
and Switchboard segments as its sole operating units.  The Company plans to
provide support to its existing customers through April 30, 2001.

Included in the 1999 results of operations is an estimated loss from disposal of
discontinued operations of $3,000,000, net of tax.  The provision is comprised
primarily of $1,900,000 for the write-off of certain idle assets and the closure
and consolidation of leased facilities, estimated future operating losses of
$700,000 and $400,000 for severance and costs related to the reduction of
approximately 45 members of the Company's staff.

The Company has expended $1,797,000 and $484,000 in cash related to the exiting
of its software business in 2000 and 1999, respectively. Excluding the estimated
loss from disposal of discontinued operations, revenues and expenses from
discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 were
$26,636,000 and $18,431,000; and $47,389,000 and $34,343,000, respectively.

Net liabilities of discontinued operations, which are included in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999, are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                      1999
- --------------                                      ----
<S>                                                <C>
  Accounts receivable (net)                        $1,846
  Inventory                                            53
  Other current assets                              1,402
  Other assets (net)                                  565
     Total assets                                   3,866

  Accrued expenses                                  4,634
  Deferred revenues                                 2,496
     Total liabilities                              7,130
     Net liabilities of discontinued operations    $3,264
</TABLE>
I. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The Company leases its facilities and certain equipment under non-cancelable
lease agreements, which expire at various dates through March of 2014.  Rental
expense under these leases totaled $1,582,000, $1,389,000, and $2,241,000 in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.  Under these agreements, the Company is
obligated to pay for utilities, taxes, insurance and maintenance.

At December 31, 2000, future minimum lease payments under operating leases with
initial terms exceeding one year are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               (in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>
  2001                                            $ 3,713
  2002                                              3,101
  2003                                              1,727
  2004                                              1,484
  2005                                                980
  Thereafter                                        1,565
  Total future minimum lease payments             $12,570
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

The total of future minimum rentals to be received under non-cancelable
subleases related to the above leases are $846,000, $684,000, $166,000,
$114,000, $76,000 and $325,000 for the years ending 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,
2005, and thereafter, respectively.

J. LINE OF CREDIT

In October 2000, the Company entered into a $10,000,000 line of credit agreement
with a commercial lender that replaced the Company's prior $15,000,000 credit
facility that expired in September 2000.  There were no borrowings under the
agreement or the prior line of credit facility in 2000, 1999 and 1998.  This
agreement has a three-year term.  In the event of borrowing, all of the
Company's assets would be eligible collateral.  Outstanding borrowings drawn
under this line are restricted to 85% of the Company's eligible accounts
receivable.

K. MINORITY INTEREST

In 1999, the Company entered into an agreement with Viacom, Inc. (formerly CBS)
to sell a minority interest in Switchboard.  Pursuant to this agreement, Viacom
invested $5,000,000 in Switchboard and will provide $95,000,000 in promotion
over seven years and branding over ten years across the full range of Viacom
media properties as well as those of its radio and outdoor advertising
subsidiary, Infinity Broadcasting Corporation.  As a result of this investment,
Viacom held an equity interest of approximately 29.1% on a shares-issued basis
at December 31, 2000.

In 1996, the Company entered into an agreement with America Online, Inc. ("AOL")
and Digital City, Inc. ("DCI") to sell minority interests in Switchboard to AOL
and DCI.  Pursuant to this agreement, AOL and DCI invested a total of $3,000,000
in Switchboard and held a combined equity interest of 5.8% on a shares-issued
basis at December 31, 2000.  Viacom, AOL and DCI's collective minority interest
in the net loss of Switchboard is deducted from net income on a pro rata basis.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, revenues and expenses were approximately
$20,310,000 and $40,730,000, respectively.  At December 31, 2000, assets and
liabilities for Switchboard were approximately $98,558,000 and $7,830,000,
respectively.

L. PREFERRED STOCK

In July 1992, the shareholders of the Company approved the creation of a new
class of undesignated preferred stock and authorized 1,000,000 shares of $.01
par value, in one or more series, with voting rights and preferences to be
determined by the Board of Directors.  In March 1998, 263,158 shares were
designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and were issued to
HarbourVest Partners along with warrants to purchase 65,790 shares of Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock and 65,790 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock at an exercise price of $45.00 and $50.00 per share, respectively, in
exchange for cash of $9,500,000, net of issuance costs of $500,000.  Each share
of preferred stock was initially convertible, at the option of the holder, into
ten shares of common stock, subject to adjustment for certain dilutive
issuances.  In June 1999, the 263,158 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, held by HarbourVest Partners, automatically converted into 2,631,580
shares of common stock.  As of March 10, 2000, the warrants to purchase shares
of Series B and Series C Convertible Preferred Stock converted into warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 1,315,800 shares of common stock.

M. STOCK OPTION PLANS

Under the Company's 1984 stock option plans, the Company granted incentive and
non-qualified stock options to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,113,841 shares
of common stock, of which 20,000 options were outstanding at December 31, 2000.
In June 1992, the Board of Directors voted that no further options be granted
under the 1984 stock option plans.  Generally, options outstanding vest ratably
over a four-year period and expire ten years from the date of grant.

Under the Company's 1992 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the "1992 Stock
Incentive Plan"), the Company may grant incentive stock options and non-
statutory options for the purchase of an aggregate of 5,470,000 shares of common
stock to employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors.  At December
31, 2000, 3,163,000 options were outstanding under this plan, of which 540,000
shares were restricted.  The 1992 Stock Incentive Plan provides that incentive
stock options may not be granted at less than the fair market value of the
Company's common stock at the grant date, and options generally vest ratably
over a three-year period and expire ten years from the date of grant.

The 1992 Stock Incentive Plan also permits awards of restricted stock at a price
determined by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors subject to
the Company's right to repurchase such stock in specified circumstances prior to
the expiration of a restricted period.  On October 16, 1998, the Company issued
396,000 shares of restricted common stock to executive officers and certain
members of senior management at par value.  These shares are subject to the
Company's repurchase right and certain other restrictions for a period of up to
<PAGE>

three years.  An amount for unearned compensation of $1,426,000 was recorded
within shareholders' equity equal to the fair market value of the stock on the
date it was issued, less the purchase price.  An additional 480,000 shares and
40,000 shares of restricted stock were issued in 2000 and 1999, respectively.
An additional $2,560,200 and $277,000 was recorded as unearned compensation
within shareholders' equity in 2000 and 1999, respectively, equal to the fair
market value of the stock on the date it was issued, less the purchase price.
In 2000, 35,600 shares of restricted stock were cancelled, and 10,000 shares of
restricted stock were cancelled in 1999.  Amortization of $824,527 was recorded
in 2000 and $1,000,000 was recorded in 1999, as compensation expense related to
these issuances.  The remainder of the unearned compensation will be amortized
over a period of up to three years from the date of issuance.

The Company currently holds notes receivable for a total of approximately
$1,260,000 from officers of the Company.  The notes arose from transactions in
1999 and 2000 whereby the Company loaned the officers money to pay federal and
state tax obligations with respect to the vesting and issuance of restricted
stock.  The notes bear interest at either a rate equal to the prime rate less 1%
per annum or the applicable Federal rate.  The principal and all accrued
interest of these notes is required to be repaid in full based on the officers'
individual agreements.  The note and accrued interest are recorded as an other
current asset.

Under the Company's 2000 Non-Executive Stock Incentive Plan (the "2000 Non-
Executive Stock Plan"), the Company may grant non-statutory options for the
purchase of an aggregate of 1,250,000 shares of common stock to employees,
consultants and advisors.  At December 31, 2000, 579,000 options were
outstanding under this plan, of which 40,000 shares were restricted.  These
options vest ratably over a three-year period and expire ten years from the date
of grant.

The 2000 Non-Executive Stock Plan permits awards of restricted stock at a price
determined by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors subject to
the Company's right to repurchase such stock in specified circumstances prior to
the expiration of a restricted period.  On October 19, 2000, the Company issued
80,000 shares of restricted stock to certain members of senior management at par
value.  These shares are subject to the Company's repurchase right and certain
other restrictions for a period of up to two years.  An amount for unearned
compensation of $454,200 was recorded within shareholders' equity equal to the
fair market value of the stock on the date it was issued, less the purchase
price.  In 2000, amortization of $45,175 was recorded as compensation expense
related to these transactions.  The remainder of the unearned compensation will
be amortized over a period of up to two years from the date of issuance.

Under the Company's 1992 Director Stock Option Plan, as amended (the "1992
Director Plan"), the Company may grant non-statutory stock options for the
purchase of up to an aggregate of 325,000 shares of common stock to directors of
the Company who are not officers or employees of the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company.  Under the terms of the 1992 Director Plan, initial options are
automatically granted to each eligible director upon his or her initial election
as a director that cover 32,000 shares of common stock, and annual options are
automatically granted on the date of each Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the
Company that cover 8,000 shares of common stock.  In addition, after four years
of service on the Board, each director will automatically receive an option that
covers 16,000 shares.  The 1992 Director Plan provides that options shall be
granted at the fair market value of the Company's common stock at the grant
date.  Annual options generally vest twelve months after the grant date and
initial options and service options vest ratably over a four-year period.  At
December 31, 2000, 211,000 options were outstanding under the 1992 Director
Plan.

Under the Company's 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the "1995
Employee Stock Purchase Plan"), 1,050,000 shares of common stock are available
to all full-time employees through semi-annual offerings.  At December 31, 2000,
950,978 shares of common stock have been purchased under this Plan.

In May 2000, ePresence, Inc. acquired Strategic Network Designs ("SND"), and
assumed the 2000 SND Stock Incentive Plan.  The Company may grant incentive
stock options and non-statutory options for the purchase of an aggregate of
318,700 shares of common stock to employees, officers, directors, consultants
and advisors.  At December 31, 2000, 260,900 options were outstanding under this
plan.  The 2000 SND Stock Incentive Plan provides that incentive stock options
may not be granted at less than the fair market value of the Company's common
stock at the grant date, and options generally vest ratably over a three-year
period and expire ten years from the date of grant.

During 1997, in addition to the options described above, options to purchase an
aggregate of 1,300,000 shares were issued to four executive officers of the
Company.  The underlying shares were registered with the SEC and generally vest
over a four-year period.  At December 31, 2000, 793,500 of such options were
outstanding.

The Company applies APB Opinion 25 and related interpretations in accounting for
its plans.  In fiscal year 1996, the Company adopted the disclosure only
provisions of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation."
Accordingly, no compensation cost has been recognized for its stock-based
compensation plans.  Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based
compensation plans been recorded based on the fair value of awards at the grant
dates as calculated in accordance with SFAS No. 123, the Company's net income
<PAGE>

and earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
would have been reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                2000              1999               1998
                                                  As     Pro        As      Pro        As     Pro
                                            Reported   Forma  Reported    Forma  Reported   Forma
                                            --------   -----  --------    -----  --------   -----
                                                   (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                         <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>
  Net income                                 $15,055  $6,508   $28,149  $24,016    $1,115  $1,194
  Basic income per share                     $  0.64  $ 0.27   $  1.33  $  1.14    $ 0.06  $ 0.07
  Diluted income per share                   $  0.56  $ 0.24   $  1.11  $  0.94    $ 0.06  $ 0.06
</TABLE>

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively; dividend yield
of 0%, 0% and 0%; expected volatility of 105%, 90% and 90%; risk-free interest
rates of 6.4%, 5.8% and 5.5%; and expected lives of 5.0, 5.0, and 5.0 years.
The effects of applying SFAS No. 123 in this pro forma disclosure are not likely
to be representative of the effects on reported net income for future years.
Additional awards in future years are anticipated.  SFAS No. 123 does not apply
to awards granted prior to 1995.  The 2000 pro forma amounts include $8,547,000
of pro forma income related to stock option forfeiture experience.

A summary of the status of the Company's stock plans as of December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998 and changes during the years ending on those dates is presented
below.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(share amounts in thousands)                                                         2000                  1999                 1998
                                                                                 Weighted              Weighted             Weighted
                                                                                  Average               Average              Average
                                                                                 Exercise              Exercise             Exercise
                                                                     Shares         Price    Shares       Price    Shares      Price
                                                                     ------         -----    ------       -----    ------      -----
<S>                                                             <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
  Outstanding at beginning of year                                    3,222        $ 7.11     3,076      $ 3.55     3,293     $ 2.77
  Granted                                                             2,492        $10.50     1,590       10.94     1,225       3.93
  Exercised                                                            (424)       $ 3.98    (1,119)       2.83    (1,108)      1.89
  Cancelled                                                            (843)       $ 9.71      (325)       6.95      (334)      2.63
  Outstanding at end of year                                          4,447        $ 8.81     3,222      $ 7.11     3,076     $ 3.55
  Options exercisable at end of year                                  1,450        $ 5.20     1,095      $ 3.93     1,339     $ 3.16
  Weighted-average fair value of
     options granted during the year                                               $10.46                $ 7.97               $ 4.24
</TABLE>

The following table summarizes information about the
 Company's stock options at December 31, 2000:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(share amounts in thousands)
                                                                              Options Outstanding      Options Exercisable
                                                                              ---------------------   ----------------------
                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                  Average  Weighted                 Weighted
  Range of                                                                      Remaining   Average                  Average
  Exercise Prices                                               Number        Contractual  Exercise      Number     Exercise
                                                                Outstanding          Life     Price  Exercisable       Price
                                                                -----------         -----    ------  ----------        -----
<S>                                                             <C>           <C>          <C>       <C>               <C>
  $ 1.15 - $ 2.25                                                       762   5.7 years     $  2.23         715      $  2.23
  $ 2.26 - $ 6.50                                                       874   7.9 years     $  5.16         295      $  4.84
  $ 6.51 - $10.00                                                       976   8.5 years     $  8.60         309      $  8.84
  $10.01 - $20.00                                                     1,835   11.8 years    $ 13.40         131      $ 13.65
                                                                      4,447                                            1,450
</TABLE>
N. SALE OF EQUITY BY SWITCHBOARD

On March 7, 2000, Switchboard sold, at an initial public offering price of
$15.00 per share, 5,500,000 shares of its common stock.  On April 6, 2000,
Switchboard sold, at $15.00 per share, an additional 825,000 shares of its
common stock pursuant to the March 31, 2000 exercise in full of the
underwriters' over-allotment option.  The aggregate gross proceeds raised in the
offering were $94,900,000.  Total expenses in connection with the offering were
approximately $8,600,000, of which $6,600,000 was for underwriting discounts and
commissions and
<PAGE>

$2,000,000 was for professional services and other expenses. Switchboard's net
proceeds from the offering were approximately $86,300,000, of which $74,800,000
was received in March 2000 and $11,500,000 was received in April 2000.

O. COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income includes unrealized gains or losses on the Company's
available-for-sale investments and foreign currency translation adjustments.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

For the twelve months ended December 31,
<S>                                         <C>        <C>
(in thousands)                                 2000      1999
- --------------                              --------   -------
Net income                                  $ 15,055   $28,149
Other comprehensive (expense)/income         (29,527)   53,896
Comprehensive (loss)/income                 $(14,472)  $82,045
</TABLE>
P. SALE OF INVESTMENT

In 1996, the Company made an equity investment of approximately $2,001,000 in
Software.com, Inc. ("Software.com"), a company which supplies Internet messaging
solutions to services providers.  During the year ended December 31, 2000, the
Company sold 491,202 shares of common stock of Software.com, resulting in net
proceeds of $45,276,000 and a realized gain of approximately $44,556,000.  At
December 31, 2000, the Company held 400,000 shares of common stock of
Software.com of which 300,000 and 100,000 of said shares were valued at $114.50
and $115.90 per share, respectively, with a total value of $45,940,000.  The net
unrealized gain of approximately $29,025,000, net of taxes of approximately
$16,308,000, is included in other comprehensive income within stockholders'
equity.

In January 2000, the Company entered into a hedging contract for 300,000 shares
of Software.com common stock.  The maturity date for the contract is February 2,
2001.  Upon maturity, the Company will receive payment for the value of the
Software.com common shares based upon the average closing price of the ten
consecutive trading days prior to, and including, the maturity date.  The
settlement price can be no lower than $84.04 and no higher than $114.50 per
common share.

In February 2000, the Company entered into a hedging contract for 100,000 shares
of Software.com common stock.  The maturity date for the contract is February
25, 2001.  Upon maturity, the Company will receive payment for the value of the
Software.com common shares based upon the average closing price of the ten
consecutive trading days prior to, and including, the maturity date.  The
settlement price can be no lower than $84.60 and no higher than $115.90 per
common share.

On November 17, 2000, Software.com and Phone.com merged and began doing business
as Openwave Systems, Inc. ("Openwave").  Each Software.com shareholder received
1.6105 Phone.com shares.  On October 26, 2000, the Company entered into two
hedging contracts for Openwave shares effectively rolling over its hedging
contracts of Software.com common shares.  The contracts are adjusted to
equivalent Phone.com shares and pricing and maintain the same terms as the
original contracts with the exception of maturities.  The hedging contract for
483,150 Openwave shares matures on March 19, 2001 and the settlement price can
be no lower than $52.18 and no higher than $71.09 per common share.  The hedging
contract for 161,050 Openwave shares matures on April 9, 2001.  The settlement
price can be no lower than $52.53 and no higher than $71.96 per common share.

In January 2001, the Company liquidated its Openwave position for net proceeds
of approximately $39,266,000.

Q. INCOME TAXES

The components of the provision/(benefit) for income taxes are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years ended December 31,
  (in thousands)                                2000       1999     1998
- ------------------------                        ----       ----     ----
<S>                                          <C>       <C>        <C>
  Currently Payable:
     U.S. Federal                            $   328   $    170   $   --
     State                                     1,045        224       --
     Foreign                                     (19)       (37)     573
                                               1,354        357      573
  Deferred:
     U.S. Federal                             12,194      1,254       --
     State                                     1,066         75       --
     Valuation allowance                           0    (23,978)      --
                                              13,260    (22,649)      --
                                             $14,614   $(22,292)  $  573
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

A reconciliation of the Federal statutory tax rate to the Company's
effective income tax rate is as  follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                2000       1999     1998
                                                ----       ----     ----
<S>                                          <C>       <C>        <C>
  Tax at statutory rate                         35.0%      35.0%    35.0%
  State income taxes, net of U.S.
   federal benefit                               4.6        7.1      3.7
  Effect of foreign tax rates                     --        3.1      3.0
  Non-deductible goodwill amortization           1.1         --       --
  Minority interest                              9.2       71.8    (11.4)
  Foreign losses not benefited                  (1.1)      14.7     35.4
  Other                                          0.5        1.0     (0.8)
  Valuation                                       --     (751.5)   (30.9)
  Effective tax rate                            49.3%    (618.8)%   34.0 %
</TABLE>

As of December 31, 2000, the Company no longer has a valuation allowance
offsetting the net deferred tax asset.  In assessing the realizability of
deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  Based
upon an analysis of the Company's ability to generate sufficient future taxable
income during periods in which temporary differences reverse, management
believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of its
net deferred tax assets.  The amount of net deferred tax assets considered
realizable could be reduced if estimated future taxable income cannot be
achieved.

The components of the net deferred tax asset/(liability) are as follows:
<TABLE>
  (in thousands)                                       2000       1999
- ------------------------                               ----       ----
<S>                                                <C>        <C>
  Deferred tax assets:
     Net operating loss and other carryforwards    $  9,909   $ 10,292
     Purchased research and development                   0      6,510
     Fixed assets                                     1,106      1,537
     Benefit plans                                      514        443
     Bad debt allowance                                 642        764
     Discontinued operations                            233      1,455
     Other                                              861        654
  Gross deferred tax asset                           13,265     21,655
  Deferred tax liabilities:
     Accrual to cash adjustment                        (302)
     Unrealized gain on securities                  (13,645)   (30,350)
  Gross deferred tax liability                      (13,947)   (30,350)
  Less: valuation allowance                              --         --
  Net deferred tax liability                       $   (682)  $ (8,695)
</TABLE>
The Company has net operating loss carryforwards of federal and state tax
purposes of approximately $14,400,000 and $32,790,000, respectively.

The federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2012 and
the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2001.

Ownership changes resulting from the Company's issuance of capital stock may
limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that can be utilized
annually to offset future taxable income.  The amount of the annual limitation
is determined based upon the Company's value immediately prior to the ownership
change.  Subsequent significant changes in ownership could further affect the
limitation in the future.

R. BASIC AND DILUTED EARNING/(LOSS) PER SHARE

Basic earnings/(loss) per share is based upon the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per share include
the dilutive effect of potential common shares outstanding during the period.
Potential common shares have been
<PAGE>

excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share in 1998, as their effect
would have been anti-dilutive. Potential common shares result from the assumed
conversion of preferred stock plus the assumed exercise of outstanding stock
options and warrants, the proceeds of which are then assumed to have been used
to repurchase outstanding common stock using the treasury stock method.
Potential common shares also include the unvested portion of restricted stock.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, basic and diluted earnings per share were
calculated as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                     Years ended December 31,
                                                   ---------------------------
  (in thousands, except per share amounts)            2000     1999      1998
- -----------------------------------------------    -------  -------  ---------
<S>                                                <C>      <C>      <C>
  Basic earnings/(loss) per share numerator:
     Income/(loss) from continuing operations      $15,055  $26,224  $(11,931)
     Net income                                     15,055   28,149     1,115
  Denominator:
     Weighted average common shares outstanding     23,695   21,115    18,085
  Basic continuing earnings/(loss) per share       $   .64  $  1.24  $   (.66)
  Basic earnings per share                         $   .64  $  1.33  $    .06
  Diluted earnings per share per numerator:
     Income/(loss) from continuing operations      $15,055  $26,224  $(11,931)
     Net income                                     15,055   28,149     1,115
  Denominator:
     Weighted average common shares outstanding     23,695   21,115    18,085
     Weighted average common potential shares        3,032    4,334     4,292
     Total shares                                   26,727   25,449    22,377
  Diluted continuing earnings/(loss) per share     $   .56  $  1.03  $   (.66)
  Diluted earnings per share                       $   .56  $  1.11  $    .05
</TABLE>

Options to purchase 855,200 and 531,000 shares of common stock outstanding
during the years ended December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, respectively,
were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share, as their
exercise price was greater than the average share price.  Options and warrants
to purchase 4,517,000 shares of common stock outstanding during the year ended
December 31, 1998, were excluded from the year-to-date calculation of diluted
net loss per share as the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-
dilutive.

S. SEGMENT INFORMATION

As described in Note A. "Nature of Business," the Company has two reportable
segments: Services and Switchboard.  Significant financial information relative
to the Company's reportable segments is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year Ended December 31, 2000                               Total
(in thousands)                  Services   Switchboard    Company
- ----------------------------    --------   -----------   --------
<S>                             <C>        <C>           <C>
  Revenues
     Services                   $ 61,300      $     --   $ 61,300
     Switchboard                      --        20,310     20,310
  Total revenue                   61,300        20,310     81,610
  Cost of revenues                33,857         4,049     37,906
  Gross profit                    27,443        16,261     43,704
  Operating expenses              36,990        36,677     73,667
  Operating loss                $ (9,547)     $(20,416)  $(29,963)
  Total assets                  $145,872      $ 98,558   $244,430
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

The Company delivers its services worldwide and Switchboard delivers its
revenues within North America.  Revenue can be grouped into geographic areas as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            Years Ended December 31,
                                           -------------------------
                                              2000     1999     1998
                                           -------  -------  -------
                                                 (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>      <C>      <C>
  Revenues from unaffiliated customers:
     North America                         $72,052  $34,252  $22,459
     Europe                                  4,185    7,275    4,165
     Other                                   5,373    4,271    1,209
  Total revenues                           $81,610  $45,798  $27,833
</TABLE>

No one customer accounted for more than ten percent of consolidated revenues in
2000 or 1999.  The Company does business throughout Europe with the majority of
the revenue concentrated in Germany, The Netherlands, United Kingdom and France
for the years presented.  The majority of the revenue in the other category is
concentrated in Australia, Malaysia and Japan for all years presented.

T. MICROSOFT CORPORATION ALLIANCE

On January 11, 1999, the Company announced a strategic alliance with Microsoft
Corporation to deliver integrated messaging, networking and Internet solutions
and the collaboration on the design and implementation of packaged services,
solutions and support offerings based on Microsoft's enterprise platform.  Under
the agreement, Microsoft has contributed $8,400,000 for the training of at least
500 professionals, certain marketing and product development efforts, and the
purchase of 1,750,000 common stock warrants.  The first of these payments was
received in January 1999 in the amount of $5,900,000.  The second payment of
$2,500,000 was received in December 1999.  The Company has recorded $4,032,000
of the 1999 payments received as additional paid in capital for the warrants
issued to Microsoft.  The remaining $4,368,000, associated with training,
marketing and product development efforts, was recorded as an offset to expenses
incurred related to this effort.  At December 31, 2000, approximately $1,314,000
is classified as a component of accrued expenses.  The common stock warrants are
subject to a three-year lock-up provision, based on continuation of the
alliance, and have an exercise price of $10.00 per share.  If exercised,
Microsoft's warrants represent approximately 7.3% ownership of the outstanding
common stock of the Company at December 31, 2000.

U. RELATED PARTIES

The Company and Switchboard entered into a corporate services agreement dated
November 1, 1996 under which the Company's corporate staff provided certain
administrative services, including financial, accounting and payroll advice,
treasury, tax and insurance services for which Switchboard paid the Company a
monthly fee based on Switchboard's headcount and the level of services provided
by the Company.  Under a revised agreement dated March 7, 2000, the Company
continues to provide certain administrative, technical support and equipment
maintenance services for Switchboard.  The fee is reviewed and adjusted
periodically by mutual agreement of the parties.  The corporate services
agreement extends for a period of three years and thereafter renews annually
unless either party terminates the agreement with 90 days notice to the other.

For additional items such as development of data processing systems and
programs, legal support, support in financing and acquisition transactions,
general executive and management services, and support for contract bidding,
Switchboard is charged based on ePresence's labor costs for the employee
performing the services.  Further, Switchboard reimburses the Company for its
pro rata share of telephone, photocopying, postage and employee benefit plan
expenses.  Switchboard leases the space it occupies under an agreement with the
Company.  Switchboard pays ePresence rent in an amount that is approximately
equal to its pro rata share of the Company's occupancy costs.

Certain directors of Switchboard hold positions as officers or directors of the
Company.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors of Switchboard is also Chairman
of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
One director of Switchboard is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company.

V. Viacom ALLIANCE

In 1999, Switchboard and Viacom Inc. (formerly CBS) consummated a number of
agreements under which Viacom acquired a 35% equity stake in Switchboard,
through the issuance of 7,468,560 shares of Switchboard common stock and one
share of Series E Special Voting Preferred Stock.
<PAGE>

In exchange, Switchboard received $5,000,000 in cash and will receive
advertising and promotional value over a term of seven years, across the full
range of Viacom media properties, as well as those of its radio and outdoor
advertising subsidiary, Infinity Broadcasting Corporation.  As part of the
transactions, Viacom was also issued warrants to purchase up to an additional
1,066,937 shares of Switchboard common stock at a per share exercise price of
$1.00, which would increase its ownership position in Switchboard to 40%.  The
number of shares of common stock and warrants issued to Viacom are subject to
adjustment in the event of certain future issuances of securities by
Switchboard.

The Advertising and Promotion Agreement dated as of June 30, 1999 and among the
Company, Switchboard and Viacom provides advertising with a future value of
$95,000,000 to Switchboard over a seven-year period, subject to one-year
renewals upon the mutual written agreement of the Company, Switchboard and
Viacom.  The net present value of the advertising has been recorded as a
subscription receivable and an offsetting amount as paid-in capital in the
Switchboard equity accounts.  The subscription equity account will be amortized
as marketing expense based on the proportion of advertising provided to the
total amount to be provided over the seven-year term.  During the year ended
December 31, 1999, the Company recognized approximately $4,069,000 in non-cash
advertising expense pursuant to the agreement.

Viacom and Switchboard also entered into a License Agreement dated as of June
30, 1999 which provides a ten-year license, subject to extension, to Switchboard
for the utilization of the CBS trademarks in identifying, marketing and
promoting the Switchboard web site.  Additionally, the Company issued a common
stock purchase warrant to Viacom on June 30, 1999, whereby Viacom received
warrants to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company's common stock at $11.27 per
share.  These warrants expired on June 30, 2000.

Switchboard is required to pay Viacom a 25% revenue share on the net advertising
revenues derived from the sale of advertising displayed to Viacom users through
the co-branded interfaces or vertical guides during the term of the agreement.
Additionally, Switchboard is required to pay a 12% sales commission for
advertising sold by Viacom on the Switchboard web site, or on advertisements
displayed to Viacom users through co-branded interfaces or vertical guides.  In
the event that the agreement is terminated by Switchboard for cause, as defined
in the agreement, in lieu of performing the advertising and promotional
obligations Viacom may elect to pay in cash the difference between $95,000,000
and the amount of promotional value provided to date.  Viacom may pay the cash
over the original term of the agreement or in a lump sum payment equal to the
net present value of the amount due.

The Company has agreed to indemnify Viacom for breaches by Switchboard of
representations, warranties and covenants in the Advertising and Promotion
Agreement.  The indemnification obligations with respect to the covenants will
expire upon the first to occur of: (i) the first business day after June 30,
2001 when the Company owns or controls less than a majority of Switchboard's
voting power; or (ii) the first business day after any person owns or controls
more of Switchboard's voting power than the Company does.  Switchboard has
agreed to indemnify the Company for amounts that the Company may be required to
pay to Viacom pursuant to the Company's indemnification obligations to Viacom.

W. SUBSEQUENT EVENTs (UNAUDITED)

In January 2001, the Company, Viacom and Switchboard agreed to terminate the
Switchboard Incorporated Voting Rights Agreement dated as of June 30, 1999.  As
a result, the Company no longer controls the Switchboard board of directors.
Beginning on January 1, 2001, the Company will account for its interest in
Switchboard on the equity method whereby its pro rata share of Switchboard's net
(loss)/income will be reflected as a separate line item below (loss)/income from
operations as opposed to the current consolidated accounting reflected herein.

On March 22, 2001, the Company sold its Australian Subsidiary to an Australian
based company.  The Company will exchange its shares in the Australian subsidary
for a 10% interest in the Acquirer.



Report of Independent Accountants

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of ePresence, Inc.:

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
ePresence, Inc. ("ePresence") at December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States.  These financial statements are the
responsibility of the
<PAGE>

Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
February 1, 2001


Supplementary Data -- Selected Financial Data
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          Years ended December 31,
                                                            ------------------------------------------------
                                                            2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                                            ----       ----       ----       ----       ----
                                                          (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)
<S>                                                     <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
  Statement of operations data:
     Revenues:
     Services                                           $ 61,300   $ 37,494   $ 21,320   $  9,797   $  7,231
     Switchboard                                          20,310      8,304      6,513        709        170
     Total revenues                                       81,610     45,798     27,833     10,506      7,401
     Operating loss from continuing operations1          (29,963)   (16,740)   (12,321)   (11,964)    (8,527)
     Net income/(loss)2,3,4                               15,055     28,149      1,115    (16,908)   (27,030)
  Net income/(loss) per share:
  Basic                                                 $   0.64   $   1.33   $   0.06   $  (0.97)  $  (1.59)
  Diluted                                               $   0.56   $   1.11   $   0.06   $  (0.97)  $  (1.59)
  Balance sheet data:
     Working capital                                    $155,508   $112,443   $ 10,249   $ (2,732)  $ (1,513)
     Total assets                                        244,430    174,450     43,389     42,928     69,532
     Total shareholders' equity                          149,679    115,367     56,210      5,077     20,322
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

2000 Quarter Ended                                                  Dec. 31    Sept. 30    June 30   March 31
- ------------------                                                  -------    --------    -------   --------
<S>                                                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
  Revenues:
     Services                                                      $ 17,651   $ 17,005   $ 14,593   $ 12,051
     Switchboard                                                      6,026      5,700      4,766      3,818
     Total revenues                                                  23,677     22,705     19,359     15,869
  Loss from continuing operations1                                   (8,025)    (6,877)    (5,745)    (9,315)
  Net income/(loss)2                                                 (2,339)    (1,818)    (1,113)    20,328
  Net income/(loss) per share:
  Basic                                                            $  (0.10)  $  (0.08)  $  (0.05)  $   0.88
  Diluted                                                          $  (0.10)  $  (0.08)  $  (0.05)  $   0.73
     Stock prices (close):
     High                                                          $   7.06   $   9.06   $  16.75   $  39.75
     Low                                                           $   3.44   $   6.06   $   6.69   $  15.75
<CAPTION>
1999 Quarter Ended                                                  Dec. 31    Sept. 30    June 30   March 31
- ------------------                                                  -------    --------    -------   --------
<S>                                                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
  Revenues:
     Services                                                      $ 11,011   $  9,881   $  8,636   $  7,966
     Switchboard                                                      3,040      2,286      1,850      1,128
     Total revenues                                                  14,051     12,167     10,486      9,094
  Loss from continuing operations                                    (7,609)    (3,540)    (3,018)    (2,573)
  Net income/(loss)3,4                                               24,215       (985)     4,462        457
  Net income/(loss) per share:
  Basic                                                            $   1.07   $  (0.04)  $   0.22   $   0.02
  Diluted                                                          $   0.93   $  (0.04)  $   0.17   $   0.02
     Stock prices (close):
     High                                                          $  23.13   $  11.75   $  17.25   $  17.94
     Low                                                           $   8.31   $   6.72   $   9.50   $   8.81
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

For additional discussion items such as discontinued operations, the Company's
name change, sales of Software.com shares and non-cash CBS advertising expense,
please refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.

1. Includes approximately $11,824 in non-cash CBS advertising expense.
2. Includes a net realized gain of approximately $44,556 for the sale of shares
   in Software.com
3. In the second quarter of 1999, the Company recorded a net gain of
   approximately $4,043 for the sale of shares in Software.com.
4. In the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company recorded a net gain of
   approximately $12,543 for the sale of shares in an unaffiliated company, a
   one-time benefit from the reversal of deferred tax asset reserves of $21,655,
   and a one-time charge of $3,000, net of taxes, for the loss on disposal of
   business.

The Company has not paid cash dividends on its common stock and has historically
retained earnings for use in its business.  The Company has no present intention
to pay dividends.  The Company intends to review its policy with respect to the
payment of dividends from time to time; however, there can be no assurance that
any dividends will be paid in the future.

On March 22, 2001, the Company had 10,917 shareholders of record.



Shareholder Information

Annual Meeting
The 2001 Annual Meeting will be held on May 9, 2001 at
2:00 p.m. at the Wyndham Westboro, 5400 Computer Drive,
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-1721.

Form 10-K
Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K are available
upon written request to Investor Relations, ePresence, Inc.,
120 Flanders Road, Westboro, Massachusetts 01581.

Common Stock
The Company's common stock is currently traded on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol EPRE.

Independent Accountants
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts

Legal Counsel
Hale and Dorr LLP
Boston, Massachusetts

Transfer Agent and Registrar
State Street Bank and Trust Company
c/o EquiServe
150 Royall Street
Canton, MA 02021
Shareholder inquiries (877) 282-1168
www.EquiServe.com
<PAGE>

Corporate Headquarters
ePresence, Inc.
120 Flanders Road
Westboro, Massachusetts 01581-5013

United States Offices
San Francisco, California
Washington, D.C.
Westboro, Massachusetts
Okemos, Michigan
Clark, New Jersey
Red Bank, New Jersey
New York, New York
Dallas, Texas

International Offices
Haacht, Belgium
Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
Crawley, West Sussex, England
Munich, Germany
Maarssen, The Netherlands



(C) Copyright 2001 ePresence.
All Rights Reserved.
Printed in USA.



Directors and Officers

Directors

William P. Ferry
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
ePresence, Inc.

John Burton
Managing Director
Updata Capital, Inc., an investment banking firm

Albert A. Notini
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Manufacturers' Services Limited,
a global electronic manufacturing services company

John J. Rando
Advisor/Partner
NewcoGen Group LLC, a venture development firm

Fontaine K. Richardson
Director

Robert M. Wadsworth
Managing Director
HarbourVest Partners, LLC, a venture capital management company
<PAGE>

Corporate Officers

William P. Ferry
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Tony Bellantuoni
Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Rodney P. Jackson
Senior Vice President of Americas

Richard M. Spaulding
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Secretary

Scott G. Silk
Senior Vice President,
Marketing and Business Development


Senior Management

Lou Frio
Vice President, eInfrastructure Services

Scott Kitlinski
Vice President, Chief Information Officer

Kevin Newman
Vice President, Corporate Counsel

Thomas Shambo
Vice President of Strategic Alliances
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>dex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 21
                                                                      ----------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Name of Subsidiary                       Jurisdiction of Incorporation
- ------------------                       -----------------------------
<S>                                      <C>
ePresence CRM, Inc.                              New Jersey
ePresence Web Consulting, Inc.                   New Jersey
ePresence Securities Corporation                 Massachusetts
ePresence International Incorporated             Massachusetts
ePresence BV (Holland)                           The Netherlands
ePresence of Canada, Ltd.                        Canada
ePresence Ltd. (UK)                              United Kingdom
ePresence GmbH (Deutschland)                     Germany

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>dex23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit 23

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-54042, 333-45732, 333-39860, 333-36640,
333-36618, 33-50860, 33-50862, 33-50864, 33-54140, 33-57734, 33-78804, 33-92312,
33-95288, 333-22631, 333-26857, 333-28745, 333-28675,333-40671, 333-46259, 333-
78553, and 333-78551) of ePresence, Inc. of our report dated February 1, 2001
relating to the financial statements, which is incorporated by reference in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of
our report dated February 1, 2001 relating to the financial statement schedule,
which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


/s/  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
March 30, 2001
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
