-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Jr2m1UjAjGVJUe2fOSWKmEn9FLipOCBcn41+DQmsaJ/Oo1aw+00R2K4AmcpXIuGK
 74o3UdkITZvu5NJUPXsK9g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001004522-98-000032.txt : 19980930
<SEC-HEADER>0001004522-98-000032.hdr.sgml : 19980930
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001004522-98-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19980630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19980929
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000098618
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL FANS & BLOWERS & AIR PURIFYING EQUIP [3564]
		IRS NUMBER:				860220694
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AZ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09347
		FILM NUMBER:		98716700

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15900 N 78TH ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6026071010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15900 N 78TH ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALANCO RESOURCES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALANCO LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19901004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOMBSTONE MINERAL RESERVES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19801106
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>



                                   Form 10-K

               Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of
                      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                    For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1998
                         Commission file number 0-9347

                   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION
              ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                      Arizona                           86-0220694
           --------------------------------       --------------------
           (State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer
          incorporation or organization)          Identification No.)

           15900 North 78th Street, Suite 101, Scottsdale, AZ  85260
            ----------------------------------------------------------
           (Address of principal executive offices)        (Zip Code)

                Registrant's Telephone Number:    (602) 607-1010

       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                           COMMON STOCK, NO PAR VALUE
                            --------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                            Yes   X       No        
                                 -----        -----
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendments to this Form 10-K. [X]

     State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-
affiliates of the registrant: $2,828,382 as of September 24, 1998.

     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes
of common stock: 5,050,683 as of September 24, 1998.  (All common shares and
per share data has been adjusted to reflect a one for seven stock reversal
that took place in May of 1998.)

Documents incorporated by reference: Part III of this Report is incorporated by
reference from the Registrant's Proxy Statement to be filed on or before
October 30, 1998.  Certain Exhibits are incorporated by reference from the
Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
1997.<PAGE>

PART 1

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS

     Alanco Environmental Resources Corporation was incorporated in 1969 under
the laws of the State of Arizona.  Unless otherwise noted, "Company" refers to
Alanco Environmental Resources Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
The Company's continuing operations are diversified and include: (i) design,
production, marketing and distribution of pollution control products, and (ii)
restaurant equipment/food marketing and distribution.  The Company previously
operated mining properties and continues to have mineral property assets that
are presented as "net assets of discontinued operations held for sale" on the
consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 1998 and 1997.

RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

     Pollution Control Products.  The Company has a patented air pollution
control technology based on a charged dry sorbent injection system called CDSI.
 The Company had, by fiscal year end, substantially completed the contracts for
eleven CDSI units, which had been sold during the year to customers in China. 
Eight units were sold to Guangzhou Paper Ltd., Guangzhou, China, and three were
sold to Lanzhou Chemical Industry of Lanzhou, China.  The Company has been paid
in full for all systems sold.  The Company is continuing its efforts to export
CDSI units to China and other countries; however, the current economic turmoil
in the Asian markets is negatively affecting sales.

     The Company has other patented and non-patented pollution control products
that it sells nationally and internationally.  During September 1998, Alanco
Environmental Manufacturing Incorporated ("AEMI"), a wholly owned subsidiary,
was assigned a U.S. patent for the E-86 Cartridge Dust Control Filter.  The E-
86 series filter incorporates a proprietary design which minimizes costs by
reducing the complexity of the cartridge seal system.

     Restaurant Equipment/Food Service Products.  In December 1996, the
Company, through its Fry Guy Inc. subsidiary, completed the nationwide roll-out
of its Integrated Finger Food Marketing ("IFFM") program, featuring the
Company's private label "Sgt. Fry" food menu in Wal-Mart stores.  Fry Guy's
agreement with Wal-Mart was for a two year period and accounted for 90% of this
segment's revenue during fiscal year ended June 30, 1998.  In May of 1998 Wal-
Mart notified the Company of their intention to terminate the contract.  The
contract was terminated on August 9, 1998.  Wal-Mart elected to purchase new
fryer equipment for all stores and to self-manage the very successful finger
food program.  Wal-Mart is expected to return all Fry Guy fryer units to the
Company by the end of October 1998. 

     The Company plans on refurbishing the returned machines at its facility in
 Scottsdale, Arizona.  Sales and marketing efforts are continuing in an effort
to place the returned and refurbished units at new locations under the IFFM
program.  The Company anticipates entering into a number of contracts in its
attempt to replace the Wal-Mart business and is considering a sale and/or
leasing program.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Pollution Control Products Segment

     CDSI Technology.  The Company acquired the rights to the CDSI (Charged Dry
Sorbent Injection) technology in 1989.  The CDSI system is a patented process

                                       2<PAGE>

that utilizes an electrostatically charged sorbent to remove noxious gases,
particularly sulfur dioxide, from a hot exhaust gas stream from an air
pollution source such as a power plant.  The electrostatic charge increases the
dispersal of sorbent particles which react more readily with a pollutant
molecule in the gas stream.  The solid product of this reaction is then later
removed from the gas stream.  The CDSI system has a significantly lower cost
relative to most competing technologies with similar levels of efficiency.

     The CDSI system appears to offer other advantages over most competing
technologies for remediating polluted gas streams, particularly flue gas
desulfurization.  The most common of these competing technologies are wet
scrubbers which spray a mixture of water and limestone into the polluted gas
stream which reacts primarily with sulfur dioxide to produce a sludge composed
of gypsum, limestone, and polluted water.  This sludge must be disposed of and
the water treated before reuse or release.  Wet scrubbers are very expensive to
build and have very high operating costs.  They are subject to corrosion and
frequent breakdown.  The CDSI system is a dry process making collection and
disposal of reaction products a much less costly and simpler procedure. 
Another significant advantage of the CDSI system is its ability to operate at
temperatures above 2000 degrees Fahrenheit.  Because many chemical reactions
with sorbents occur more rapidly at these high temperatures, CDSI equipment can
be used effectively where wet scrubbers cannot.

     The Company believes that the CDSI system is particularly well suited to
use in small power plants, mining and smelting facilities, incinerators and
mini steel mills.  The proprietary elements of the CDSI system are fabricated
and assembled by the Company.  The Company, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Alanco Environmental Manufacturing Inc. (AEMI) in Falls City,
Nebraska, manufactures all of the necessary ancillary equipment for a CDSI
installation, such as blowers and bins.

     Other Pollution Control Products.  AEMI also manufactures baghouse filters
and cyclone particulate removal systems for industrial applications as well as
air handling equipment for the agricultural industry.  The product lines are:
Reverse Air Filters, Pulse Jet Filters, Cyclonic Collectors, Centrifugal Fans,
Pneumatic Conveyors and Ducting.  The manufacturing facility can also perform
job shop and original equipment manufacturing for other entities.

     During fiscal year ended June 30, 1998, AEMI was assigned U.S. Patent
#5,803,939 for the E-86 Cartridge Dust Control Filter.  The patent was issued
on September 8, 1998.  The E-86 series filter incorporates a proprietary design
which minimizes costs by reducing the complexity of the cartridge seal system.

     Pollution control products accounted for 50.9% and 54.1% of the
consolidated revenues for years ended June 30, 1998 and 1997, respectively.

     Marketing.  The Company's primary marketing effort for the sale of
pollution control products in the United States is through a national network
of independent sales representatives, supported and supplemented with sales and
marketing efforts (including telephone sales) performed by Company personnel.

     The marketing efforts for CDSI technology and other pollution control
products is concentrated on third world applications, primarily in the People's
Republic of China and South America.  The Chinese effort is primarily through
its subsidiary, Alanco Environmental Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. ("Alanco
Beijing"), a Chinese company.  Alanco Beijing manages the Company's interests
in China and marketing efforts aimed at other select third world countries.  In

                                       3<PAGE>

addition, the Company has a marketing agreement with the China National
Environment Protection Company, one of the largest environmental companies in
China.  Alanco Beijing currently has engineering and technical support staff in
place, as well as people trained to represent its technology in China.  In
South America the Company operates its marketing program through a network of
distributors.

     The Company believes that China represents the largest single potential
market for CDSI technology.  There are currently more than 450,000 industrial
coal-fired boilers in China, a country which consumes more coal than any other
country in the world.  Chinese central authorities issued a comprehensive new
sulfur dioxide emission regulation in 1997 to control the country's serious
acid rain problem.  All industrial coal users must significantly reduce the
sulfur dioxide emission from their operations.

     In October, 1995, test results from the Dezhou Heat & Power Plant exceeded
Chinese compliance standards for sulfur dioxide removal with a removal
efficiency for sulfur dioxide of 69.5%.  This facility is now certified as
operating in compliance with Chinese standards.

     Raw Materials.  The Company has numerous sources for materials and parts
used to manufacture the CDSI units and other pollution control products.  The
principal raw materials used in manufacturing are sheet metal and plate steel,
welding supplies, and various kinds of electrical components, all of which are
common to this industry.  Most of the suppliers are located in the Midwest, and
none are relied upon as the sole source.  In this regard, the Company believes
that it has and should maintain an adequate supply of raw materials and does
not foresee any substantial increase in prices.

     Patents.  The Company owns the following United States patents:

          U.S. Patent Application entitled "Apparatus For Removing 
     Particulate Matter And Gases From A Polluted Gas Stream" issued as U.S. 
     Patent No. 5,308,590 on May 3, 1994.  This patent is also filed in China.

          U.S. Patent Application entitled "Method For Removing 
     Particulate Matter And Gases From A Polluted Gas Stream" issued as U.S. 
     Patent No. 5,332,562 on July 26, 1994.  This patent is also filed in 
     China.

          U.S. Patent Application entitled "Hopper System And 
     Electrostatic Gun For Injection Of An Electrostatically Charged Sorbent 
     Into A Polluted Gas Stream" issued as U.S. Patent No. 5,312,598 on May 17,
     1994.  In addition, this patent application has been filed in Argentina, 
     Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Europe, India, Japan, Korea, 
     Mexico, Pakistan, Singapore, Turkey and Venezuela.

          U.S. Patent Application entitled "Improved Electrostatic Gun For 
     Injection Of An Electrostatically Charged Sorbent Into A Polluted Gas 
     Stream" issued as U.S. Patent No. 5,591,412 on January 7, 1997.

          U.S. Patent Application entitled "Purging Electrostatic Gun For  A 
     Charged Dry Sorbent Injection And Control System For The Remediation Of 
     Pollutants In A Gas Stream" issued as U.S. Patent No. 5,648,049 on July 
     15, 1997.  In addition, this patent application has been filed in 
     Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Czech Republic, Europe, Hungary, 
     Korea, Mexico and Poland.

          U.S. Patent Application entitled "Industrial Dust Collector And 

                                       4<PAGE>

     Method For Its Use" issued as U.S. Patent No. 5,803,939 on September 8, 
     1998.  AEMI has developed this filter in conjunction with the passage of 
     the new Clean Air Act.  The new filter, called the "E-86", falls in line 
     with the proposed Pm2.5 ruling that will replace Pm10.

     Competitive Conditions.  The Company has various competitors, depending on
the type of pollution control product.  In the area of flue gas desulfurization
technology, the Company's competitors include: Babcock Wilcox, Wheelabrator,
Pure Air, General Electric, Austria Energy, and Mitsubishi Corporation.  The
Company believes its CDSI technology is appropriately targeted at relatively
low capacity generation plants.

     Significant competitors exist for the industrial air pollution products
other than in the area of flue gas desulfurization technology, and the Company
is relatively new to this market.  However, the Company has procured
significant orders, thereby demonstrating its sales, engineering and production
capabilities.

     The aeration equipment products market has three major manufacturers to
compete against.  The Company is considered the market leader in the aeration
equipment market and produces equipment for the upper end customer.

     Research and Development Activities.  The Company continues to enhance the
performance capability of its products through innovative configurations and
improved electronics.  This year the CDSI unit has been further redesigned to
improve performance and reliability in the most severe environments.  The
Company also developed and patented a new air filter in conjunction with the
passage of the new Clean Air Act.  The new filter, called the "E-86", falls in
line with the proposed Pm2.5 ruling that will replace Pm10.

     Employees.  As of September 1, 1998, the Company had 51 individuals
primarily involved in the pollution control products segment.

     Seasonality of Business.  Some of the Company's manufactured products are
marketed to the agricultural market and are highly seasonal.  The demand for
agricultural products, such as fans, ducting and fan/heater assemblies, begins
to heighten around April and May and normally tapers off around October and
November.  Other industrial pollution control products, including CDSI units,
have minimal seasonality.

     Dependence Upon Key Customers.  The Company has recorded sales to over 500
different customers during the year ended June 30, 1998.  Guangzhou Paper Ltd.
accounted for sales of $880,000 or 15.8% of the segment revenue and 8.0% of
the consolidated revenue.  Continuation of customer base depends upon pricing,
quality, competition and product availability.

     Backlog Orders.  The Company operates using customary purchase orders for
orders received.  To be considered backlog, the orders must be firm and non-
cancelable.  Since customary purchase orders may not always be considered firm
and non-cancelable, the Company does not have a reportable backlog.

Restaurant Equipment/Food Marketing and Distribution Segment

     The Company, through its Fry Guy Inc. subsidiary ("Fry Guy"), developed an
Integrated Finger Food Marketing ("IFFM") program whereby it supplies a deep
fry machine to customers who are required to utilize foods of an affiliated
distributor.  The Company receives income for all foods sold to the customer
utilizing the Company's deep fryer.  In general, the Company has targeted

                                       5<PAGE>

qualified retail businesses offering or desiring to offer hot foods.

     The fryer, which operates with an air filtering system, eliminates the
need for venting, which is necessary with conventional restaurant deep fryers.
 The machine operates, with an automated lowering and raising basket mechanism,
on 110 volt electricity as compared to the 220 volts usually required by
conventional deep fryers.  The machines weigh approximately 70 pounds and can
be operated from a countertop.  A one gallon or two gallon fryer is available.

     Marketing.  Fry Guy, both directly and through a distributor network, has
targeted small food outlets and similar facilities in convenience stores,
discount/department stores, shopping malls, bars and other premises with small
snack bar facilities that previously were unable to offer hot food items.  Fry
Guy may provide these facilities with the Fry Guy fryer without charge and
receives payment from the food purchased by the distributor.  As part of this
Integrated Finger Food Marketing program, Fry Guy also provides warranty
service and repairs to the fryer, training for the fryer operators, promotional
and point of sale materials and a program for the development and introduction
of new food products.

     Fry Guy's contract with Wal-Mart, which accounted for approximately 45% of
the consolidated revenue for the current fiscal year, was terminated in August,
1998.  Since that time, Fry Guy has continued to provide its services to Wal-
Mart on substantially the same terms as the prior agreement.  However, Wal-Mart
has notified the Company that it is returning the Fry Guy fryers.  As a result,
the Company anticipates that substantially all of its Fry Guy revenue from Wal-
Mart will cease by calendar year end.

     The Company plans on refurbishing the returned machines at its facility in
 Scottsdale, Arizona.  Sales and marketing efforts are continuing in an effort
to place the returned and refurbished units at new locations under the IFFM
program.  The Company anticipates entering into a number of contracts in its
attempt to replace the Wal-Mart business and is considering a sale and/or
leasing program.

     Dependence Upon Key Customers.  The focus of the Company's restaurant
equipment/food distribution segment had been almost entirely devoted to its
relationship with Wal-Mart.  During fiscal year 1998, Wal-Mart accounted for
approximately 90 percent of this segment's revenue and 45 percent of the
consolidated revenue.  The decision by Wal-Mart to cease its commitment with
the Company's IFFM program will have a material adverse effect on its business.

     Competitive Conditions.  Fry Guy is aware of three direct competitors who
actively market a ventless small capacity deep fryer, but do not market food
products.  Numerous competitors offer equipment which requires venting to the
outside.  However, the Company is unaware of any competitor providing both the
sales and distribution of a finger food program.

     Employees.  As of September 1, 1998, Fry Guy has 12 employees.

ITEM 2. Properties

     The Company's corporate office is located in a 4,527 square foot leased
facility in Scottsdale, Arizona.  The Company moved to this facility in January
1997 in order to reduce its lease expense and consolidate its facilities.

     Fry Guy is currently located in a 4,800 square foot leased office
warehouse facility in Scottsdale, Arizona.


                                       6<PAGE>

     AEMI's operating facility is located at Falls City, Nebraska.  This
facility is approximately 73,000 square feet under roof and is located on
approximately 6.84 acres.  The Company owns this facility.  AEMI also leases a
sales office in Kansas City, Missouri.  This facility is approximately 297
square feet.

Mining Claim Properties

     The Company has classified its mineral claim property as assets held for
sale and currently has no intention of developing these properties.  At June
30, 1998, the Company owned mineral rights in four unpatented mineral mining
and millsite properties in Arizona.  The Company's mining claim properties
include the Tombstone Metallurgical Facility and a mill on the site of the
C.O.D. Mine.

     The following table sets forth the Company's major mineral claim holdings
at fiscal years ended June 30, 1998 and 1997.


             MAJOR MINERAL CLAIM HOLDINGS AT June 30, 1998 AND 1997

Mineral Property               Location             Acreage        Ownership

C.O.D. Mine                Mohave County, AZ         3,500             100%
Mineral Mountain           Pinal County, AZ          4,660             100%
Cherry Creek               Yavapai County, AZ          940             100%
Tombstone/STC Claims       Cochise County, AZ        9,140             100%
                               
Mining/Milling Equipment       Location             Acreage         Ownership

C.O.D. Mine                Mohave County, AZ           150             100%
Tombstone                  Cochise County, AZ           75             100%

     The following table sets forth the adjusted carrying value as of June 30,
1998 and 1997, respectively.

             MAJOR MINERAL CLAIM HOLDINGS AT June 30, 1998 AND 1997

                                                                     Adjusted
Mineral Property                                                     Value (1)

C.O.D. Mine                                                         $5,539,328
Mineral Mountain                                                       221,520
Cherry Creek                                                                 0
Tombstone/STC Claims                                                   670,275

Mining/milling Equipment

C.O.D. Mine                                                            107,831
Tombstone Mill                                                         296,702
                                                                    -----------
  Subtotal Mineral Property & Equipment                             $6,835,656
     Less:  Carrying Value Reserve for Fiscal Year 1997             (2,592,656)
                                                                    -----------
  Adjusted Carrying Value as of June 30, 1997                       $4,243,000
     Less:  Carrying Value Reserve for Fiscal Year 1998             (1,800,000)
                                                                    -----------
  Adjusted Carrying Value as of June 30, 1998                       $2,443,000
                                                                    ===========
                                       7<PAGE>



(1)  The adjusted book value after giving consideration to any write-down in 
     certain mineral property values reflects the lower of historical cost 
     or net value after certain asset impairment charges.

     Environmental Disclosure.  There are numerous federal and state laws and
regulations relating to environmental protection which have direct application
to mining, milling and mineralized material processing operations.  The more
significant of these laws deal with mined land reclamation and waste water
discharge from such operations.  The principal mining operations, exploration
and development of mining properties by the Company has been accomplished
underground with a minimum of surface disturbance.

     Two properties which would require limited environmental and/or surface
reclamation are the C.O.D. Mine and the Tombstone Metallurgical Facility.  The
Tombstone Metallurgical Facility is located on federal lands which are
administered by the Bureau of Land Management ("BLM").  The facility was
constructed in the 1970's when no permitting was required from the BLM.  Since
that time, the facility has operated intermittently, and the Company has
complied with all regulations as they existed.  At present, the facility
remains idle.  The other property is the C.O.D. Mine, which is also on BLM land
and is also presently idle.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company is a party in several lawsuits.  The Company believes that any
financial exposure is adequately provided for in its financial statements and
that these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial
condition or results of operations or cash flows of the Company.

     On August 10, 1998, a complaint was filed by the Company's Fry Guy Inc.
subsidiary against Stenberg Welding & Fabricating, Inc., ("Stenberg") and other
parties whose identities are unknown at this time in the Superior Court in and
for the County of Maricopa, Arizona.  The action seeks damages for fraud,
breach of agreement, negligent misrepresentation, negligence, unjust enrichment
and intentional interference with contractual relationship.  Fry Guy's causes
of action arise from an agreement for the sale of fry units to Fry Guy from
Stenberg and tortuous interference with Fry Guy's contractual relationship with
Wal-Mart.  The action alleges misrepresentations by Stenberg as to the failure
and repair rate of their frying units, their policy on parts and accessories
and the availability of replacement filters available only through Stenberg. 
In early 1998, Stenberg sold a controlling interest to a group whose intent was
to take over Fry Guy's Wal-Mart account.  Thereafter, Stenberg refused to fill
orders for filters necessary for Fry Guy to service the Wal-Mart account, while
at the same time engaging in negotiations with Wal-Mart in an attempt to induce
Wal-Mart to terminate its contract with Fry Guy and purchase or lease fry units
from Stenberg.  This Complaint claims damages in the amount of $1,250,000 and
was served on the Defendant on August 18, 1998.

     In June 1998, a case was filed against the Company's Fry Guy Inc.
subsidiary by Mr. Kenneth Ross, who alleged that monies were owed to him for
wages and other benefits while he was an employee of Fry Guy.  Fry Guy Inc.
filed a Motion to Dismiss in August 1998 for failure to state a claim upon

                                       8<PAGE>

which relief can be granted based on the fact that Mr. Ross was an employee at
will and was not entitled to receive wages or benefits after his termination of
employment by Fry Guy.  This motion is currently pending, and it is expected
that Fry Guy will prevail on this Motion; and if not, it is unlikely that Mr.
Ross will ultimately be successful in this litigation.

     In March 1998, Sanwa Leasing, Inc. filed an action against Gary Hall in
California District Court in and for Orange County, California, for
$152,278.17, representing delinquent and future lease payments for the residual
value of the equipment under a lease of medical related equipment used by
Phoenix Medical Management, Inc. ("PMM").  The Company has undertaken Dr.
Hall's representation although it denied that it had any liability pursuant to
its 1994 agreement to indemnify Dr. Hall from any liability pursuant to
personal guaranty of the equipment lease arising from the Company's 1994
purchase of Dr. Hall's common stock of PMM.  It is believed that the Company
may have liability on this action, which is set for trial on November 23, 1998.
 However, the Company believes a settlement in principle has been reached
whereby others will pay any amounts due pursuant to the Sanwa Lawsuit and the
matter will be dismissed with prejudice.

     In February 1998 the case of Argonaut Financial Services Corporation v.
Alanco Environmental Resources Corporation was filed in the U.S. District Court
for the District of Colorado.  The Plaintiff had acquired 1,700,000 shares of
the Company's common stock for $2,040,000 in September 1995 pursuant to
Subscription Agreement and Private Placement Memorandum provided by the
Company.  The Plaintiff alleged that the Memorandum contained false and
misleading information in violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Act of
1934, Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and Section 12(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1934.  In March 1998 the Company filed a Motion to dismiss or in the
Alternative, For Summary Judgement.  The motion to dismiss was based upon the
Plaintiff having failed to plead its claims with sufficient particularity or
how the Plaintiff had been damaged.  The motion sought summary judgement in
favor of the Company based upon the Plaintiff's having sold all of its shares
in December 1996 at a time when the market price for the Company's common stock
was in excess of $2.00 per share as well as the Plaintiff's claims being barred
by the one year Statute of Limitations.  The Plaintiff did not respond to the
Company's Motion and on April 7, 1998, the Parties entered into a Stipulation
of Dismissal, and on April 14, 1998, the action was dismissed.

     On January 7, 1998, the Company instituted a lawsuit in County Court of
Maricopa County, Arizona, against Phoenix Medical Management, Inc. ("PMM") for
non-payment of two promissory notes due the Company in the amount of
$685,602.31 and $100,000.00 plus interest on both promissory notes.  The
Company determined that PMM had apparently transferred all of its assets to a
creditor.  Based on the foregoing, the Company amended its complaint to include
six individual defendants and additional corporate defendants.  The Amended
Complaint alleged numerous causes of action against all Defendants for
fraudulent transfer of PMM's assets and indemnification of amounts due pursuant
to the Sanwa Lawsuit.  The Company is negotiating a settlement with the
Defendants. 

     On October 14, 1997, the case of Norman E. Meyer v. Alanco Environmental
Resources Corporation was filed in Maricopa Superior Court.  Norman E. Meyer, a
past President of the Company, filed for payment of unpaid wages, vacation pay
and consultant services allegedly due him.  Mr. Meyer alleged damages in the
amount of $150,000.  The Company filed an answer denying any liability to Mr.
Meyer based on Mr. Meyer's taking all vacation time to which he was entitled
prior to termination and based on a termination agreement between Alanco and
Mr. Meyer.  The Company is presently engaged in settlement negotiations with

                                       9<PAGE>

Mr. Meyer.

     In April, 1996, the Company's subsidiary, Unique Systems, Inc. ("Unique"),
d/b/a National Affiliated Adjustment Company ("NAAC"), Katherine Meyer, then
President of NAAC, and Norman Meyer, then President of the Company, were named
as Defendants in a civil action filed by the U.S. Department of Labor in U.S.
District Court, Nashville, Tennessee.  In 1997, NAAC filed for protection under
Chapter 7 of the federal bankruptcy laws in Phoenix, Arizona.  As a result
thereof, the Department of Labor action as to NAAC has been stayed.  The
Bankruptcy Trustee filed a motion in the NAAC bankruptcy whereby the Trustee
moved to set aside the Company's security interest in the receivables of NAAC
based on the fact that the Company received its security agreement for an
antecedent debt and within 90 days of the filing of NAAC's bankruptcy.  It is
expected that the Company's general claim of $382,265 will be allowed, but
little, if any, funds will be available in the NAAC bankruptcy to pay any
claims other than administrative.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to a vote of the Shareholders during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1998.

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
     MATTERS

     (1) Market Information: Alanco's common stock is traded on the NASDAQ
Small Cap Market under the symbol "ALAN".

     (2) High and Low Sale Prices: The following table sets forth high and low
sale prices for each fiscal quarter for the last two fiscal years.  The stock
price table has been restated to reflect the one for seven stock reversal that
took place in May of 1998.  Such quotations represent inter-dealer prices
without retail mark-ups, mark-downs, or commissions and, accordingly, may not
represent actual transactions.

                             Fiscal 1998           Fiscal 1997
     Quarter Ended         High        Low       High        Low
     September 30          7.217      3.717      17.50       7.875
     December 31           7.875      4.375      15.969      7.00
     March 31              5.467      2.842      14.875      7.441
     June 30               4.158      1.125       9.191      5.033

     (3) Security Holders: As of September 1, 1998, Alanco had approximately
1,900 holders of record of its Common Stock.  This does not include beneficial
owners holding shares in street name.

     (4) Dividend Plans: Alanco has paid no common stock cash dividends and has
no current plans to do so.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     Selected financial data for the Company and its subsidiaries can be found
in the following table.  This information includes information for the Company
and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and should be read in conjunction
with the audited financial statements and accompanying notes.



                                      10<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (Not covered by Report of Independent Certified Public Accountant)


                                                                   Fiscal Year Ended
<S>                                    <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C> 
Selected Income Statement Data         June 30, 1998  June 30, 1997  June 30, 1996  June 30, 1995  June 30, 1994
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------
Operating Revenue                         10,975,854      6,903,920      3,769,110      3,438,183       1,581,515

Net Loss - Continuing Operations (1)      (4,855,042)    (2,153,528)    (3,205,448)    (4,753,380)     (3,839,964)
         - Discontinued Operations        (1,800,000)    (4,953,632)      (322,905)      --              --
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------
Net Loss                                  (6,655,042)    (7,107,160)    (3,528,353)    (4,753,380)     (3,839,964)
                                       ============== ============== ============== ============== ===============

Net Loss per share of common stock
     Continuing Operations                     (0.96)         (0.44)         (0.71)         (1.40)          (1.47)
     Discontinued Operations                   (0.36)         (1.01)         (0.07)      --              --
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------
Net Loss per share of common stock             (1.32)         (1.45)         (0.78)         (1.40)          (1.47)
                                       ============== ============== ============== ============== ===============

Weighted average number of shares          5,050,683      4,902,944      4,540,328      3,405,710       2,607,676


</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(1) For fiscal year ending June 30, 1998, continuing operations includes impairment of assets of ($5,258,000) or a
    loss per share of ($1.04).



                                                                Fiscal Year Ended
<S>                                    <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C> 
Selected Balance Sheet Data            June 30, 1998  June 30, 1997  June 30, 1996  June 30, 1995  June 30, 1994
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------

Current Assets                             3,368,601      3,083,517      3,685,510      3,104,491       4,283,308
Current Liabilities                        2,080,718      2,000,625        737,626        980,390         852,184
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------
Working Capital                            1,287,883      1,082,892      2,947,884      2,124,101       3,431,124
                                       ============== ============== ============== ============== ===============

Total Assets                               9,658,409     16,958,929     21,275,574     21,189,502      18,281,763

Long Term Debt/Capitalized Leases            410,671      1,136,242        372,020        344,129          --

Redeemable Preferred Stock                     --            --            330,468        295,062          --
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------

Common Stock and Other
   Shareholders' Equity                    7,167,020     13,822,062     18,970,907     18,600,816      16,327,796
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------

</TABLE>



                                      11<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
     OF OPERATIONS

Results of Operations

Fiscal 1998 Compared to Fiscal 1997

     Consolidated revenues for fiscal year 1998 increased 59% to $10,976,000,
or an increase of $4,072,000 over fiscal year 1997.  The Restaurant
Equipment/Food Service Products segment, Fry Guy Inc., accounted for 55% or
$2,224,000 of the increase.  The Company had revenue increases of over
$1,848,000 in its pollution control segment, of which CDSI system sales
represented an increase of approximately $900,000.

     Direct service and cost of goods sold for fiscal year 1998 increased
$1,617,000 or 46% over fiscal year 1997 due primarily to costs associated with
increased sales in all the Company's business segments.  Selling, general and
administrative expenses remained flat because increases in sales expense were
offset by reductions in administrative overhead.

     For the fiscal year 1998 the Company incurred non-cash charges for
impairment of certain assets.  The charges are recorded in the operating
expense section of the statement of operations.  These charges were necessary
to properly reflect a deterioration of the Company's food business due to
termination of Wal-Mart's food service contract with Fry Guy, which accounted
for approximately 45% of the consolidated fiscal 1998 revenue.  The contract
termination resulted in a write-down of related goodwill of $3,658,000, an
additional write-down of $1,500,000 against Fry Guy deep fryer units that Wal-
Mart is returning to the Company and a $100,000 restructuring charge.

     Consolidated loss from operations, before other income and expenses, was 
 $4,581,000 compared to a loss of $1,555,000 for the prior year.  The current
loss from operations includes non-cash charges for impaired assets in the
amount of $5,258,000 related to the loss of the Wal-Mart contract.

     The net loss for fiscal year ended June 30, 1998 was $6,655,000 or $1.32
per share, compared to $7,107,000 or $1.45 per share reported in the prior
year.

     Relative to the Company's mining properties, which continued to be
categorized as "assets held for sale", continuing deflation in precious metals
markets has further impacted the marketability and valuation of these assets. 
Therefore, an additional write-down of $1,800,000 was taken on the mining
properties to reflect management's estimated value for these assets of
$2,443,000 at June 30, 1998.

     Cash flow from continuing operating activities for current fiscal year end
was a positive $1,801,000.  This is an improvement of $3,034,000 over the prior
comparable period.

     Any new Statements of the Financial Accounting Standards affecting the
Company are disclosed in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" on
page F-10.


Fiscal 1997 Compared to Fiscal 1996

     Consolidated revenues for fiscal year 1997 increased 83% or $3,135,000
over fiscal year 1996.  Effective June 30, 1997, the insurance business segment
was shut down and all prior years have been restated for comparative purposes.
 The food service segment, Fry Guy Inc., accounted for 86% of the increase in

                                      12<PAGE>

revenue as the Wal-Mart food program developed rapidly during 1997.  Revenue in
the pollution control segment increased 13% during the year.

     Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses increased by
$531,000 or 15% over the prior year.  Seventy-four percent of the increase was
in the food service segment and reflects expenses associated with sales growth.
 The balance of the increase was in the pollution control segment and reflects
additional sales and marketing efforts.

     Consolidated loss from operations, before other income and expenses, was
$1,555,000.  This was an improvement of $1,441,000 over the prior year's loss.
  This gain can be directly attributed to the success of the Fry Guy food
program, which was not fully implemented during 1996.

     Included under other discontinued operations is a $2,593,000 asset write-
down of the Company's mining properties.  This is a book entry necessitated by
generally accepted accounting principles and complying with SFAS121 relating to
the impairment of assets.  The write-down takes into account the cost of any
sale and the time value of future cash flows.  The Company has not given up any
mining rights and is not anticipating further reductions.  The Company is still
seeking a joint venture or sale of the mining assets.

     A decision was made to close the insurance business segment as of June 30,
1997.  This segment reported losses in both years and efforts to improve
performance have not been successful.  Management felt the closure would
conserve cash and shift resources toward the remaining core businesses.  The
operating losses and write-off of the investment are reported under
discontinued operations.  All anticipated expenses associated with the closure
have been accrued in the 1997 statements.

     Cash flow from continuing operating activities for current fiscal year end
was a negative $1,233,000.  This is an improvement of $1,573,000 over the prior
comparable period.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     At June 30, 1998, the Company's current assets exceeded current
liabilities by approximately $1,288,000, a current ratio of 1.6 to 1.  At June
30, 1997, the Company's current assets exceeded current liabilities by
approximately $1,083,000 and reflected a current ratio of 1.5 to 1.  The
current ratio improved, compared to the prior year end, due to a $285,000
increase in current assets, while current liabilities remained relatively
constant.  Current assets increased due to increased cash balances from
increased sales, without a related increase in accounts receivable, and reduced
prepaid expenses.


     Net cash provided (used) in operating activities in fiscal 1998, 1997 and
1996 was $1,573,300, ($1,589,700) and ($3,027,000), respectively.  The major
provider of cash for the current fiscal year was the improved operating
results, before the non-charges for impairment of assets, resulting from
increased operating revenues while reducing administrative overhead expenses. 
In fiscal years 1997 and 1996, cash was used in operating activities due
primarily to operating losses from continuing operations.

     The Company's cash position has improved to $1,116,900 at the end of the
current fiscal year from $526,900 in fiscal year 1997 and $552,000 in fiscal
year 1996.


                                      13<PAGE>

     Cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment and investment in
intangible assets has continued to decrease over the three year period ended
June 30, 1998, to $185,300 for the current year from $370,200 in fiscal year
1997 and $312,700 in fiscal year 1996.  The balance of activity relating to
cash flow from investing activity during the three year period related to the
collection and advance of notes receivable.

     Cash provided by (used in) financing activity changed dramatically over
the three year period.  In fiscal year 1998, the Company used cash in financing
activity of $882,900 primarily to meet current capital lease obligations.  In
fiscal years 1997 and 1996, the Company issued additional stock to finance cash
operating losses.

     During fiscal year 1998, Wal-Mart, which accounted for approximately 45%
of the Company's revenue, terminated its contract with the Fry Guy food service
operations and is returning over 1,500 fryers to the Company.  Although there
will be continued Fry Guy sales to Wal-Mart through the first 1999 fiscal
quarter, the Company anticipates the Wal-Mart revenue to cease in the second
quarter.  Wal-Mart elected to purchase new fryer equipment for its stores and
self-manage the finger food program. 

     To respond to the contract loss, the Company is quickly revitalizing its
sales program to replace declining revenues and is attempting to reduce
operating expenses.  The loss of the Wal-Mart account is projected to result in
a shortfall in working capital and impair the ability of the Company to meet
its short-term capital lease obligations.  The Company believes this working
capital shortfall will be resolved by additional borrowing, placement of the
fryers in new locations, and sale or lease of the fryers.

The Year 2000 Issue

     The Company has consulted with an outside Management Information Systems
analyst and determined that all computer systems currently in use by the
Company are either in compliance with the Year 2000 issue or can be made to
comply with minor modifications.

     The Company does not anticipate significant problems with any of its
suppliers of data necessary for the Company's operations.  The potential risk
to the Company concerning the Year 2000 issue appears to be problems that
customers may incur and the effect on their ability to pay the Company for
services and products.  The Company does not have a formal contingency plan to
resolve this issue.  However, due to the Company's diverse customer base,
management anticipates the problems should be limited in scope.

Product and Environmental Contingencies

     The Company is not aware of any material product or environmental
liabilities.  Also refer to the environmental disclosure section of the mining
properties segment under Item 2.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     See Consolidated Financial Statements.







                                      14<PAGE>


                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT



Board of Directors and Shareholders
Alanco Environmental Resources Corporation
Phoenix, Arizona

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Alanco
Environmental Resources Corporation and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1998 and
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders'
equity, and cash flows for the year then ended.  These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Alanco
Environmental Resources Corporation and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1998, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern.  As shown in the
consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses
and has had negative cash flows from operations for the last three years. 
These factors, among others, as discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as
a going concern.  Management's plans in regard to these matter are also
described in Note 2.  The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments that mighty result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/Hein + Associates LLP

HEIN + ASSOCIATES LLP

Denver, Colorado
August 20, 1998

                                     F-1

<PAGE>

              REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


Board of Directors and Shareholders
Alanco Environmental Resources Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Alanco
Environmental Resources Corporation (formerly known as Alanco Resources
Corporation) and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1997, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended June 30, 1997.  These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Alanco
Environmental Resources Corporation and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1997, and
the consolidated results of their operations and their consolidated cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 1997, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern.  As shown in the
consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses
and has had negative cash flows from operations for the last two years.  These
factors, among others, as discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 2.  The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/Singer Lewak Greenbaum & Goldstein LLP

SINGER LEWAK GREENBAUM & GOLDSTEIN LLP

Los Angeles, California
August 15, 1997


                                F-2<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS



                                                               JUNE 30,

<S>                                                <C>              <C>
                                                           1998            1997
                                                   -------------    ------------
                   ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS:

  Cash and cash equivalents                         $ 1,116,857       $ 526,851

  Accounts receivable - trade, net of allowance
    for doubtful                                      1,192,547       1,169,290
    accounts of $18,535 and $27,765,
    respectively

  Notes receivable, current portion                     349,212         586,739
  Inventories                                           540,371         527,479
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets              64,544         273,158
  Cost and estimated earnings in excess of
    billings on uncompleted                             105,070            -   
    contracts                                      -------------    ------------

       Total current assets                           3,368,601       3,083,517

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, net                    3,380,124       5,049,080


OTHER ASSETS:

  Intangible assets, net of accumulated
  amortization of $1,134,842                            223,381       4,142,946
    and $811,108, respectively

  Notes receivable, long-term portion                      -            223,733
  Other assets                                          243,303         216,653
  Net assets of discontinued operations held          2,443,000       4,243,000
   for sale                                        -------------    ------------

TOTAL ASSETS                                         $9,658,409     $16,958,929
                                                   =============    ============

    LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

  Capital lease obligations, current portion        $ 1,042,273       $ 772,419
  Notes payable, current portion                        264,399         117,965
  Accounts payable                                      236,174         402,988
  Accrued expenses                                      364,624         479,932
  Billings in excess of costs and estimated
  earnings on uncompleted                               173,248            -   
    contracts
  Net liabilities of discontinued operations               -            227,321
                                                   -------------    ------------
       Total current liabilities                      2,080,718       2,000,625

CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS, LONG-TERM                    410,671       1,021,843

NOTES PAYABLE, LONG-TERM                                   -            114,399

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, (Notes 2 and 8)

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:

  Preferred stock, no par value,
    20,000,000 shares authorized; none issued

  Common stock, no par value; 100,000,000
  shares authorized,                                 53,742,005      53,742,005
    5,050,683 shares issued and outstanding

  Accumulated deficit                               (46,574,985)    (39,919,943)
                                                   -------------    ------------

       Total shareholders' equity                     7,167,020      13,822,062
                                                   -------------    ------------


TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY           $9,658,409     $16,958,929
                                                   =============    ============

</TABLE>

 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.

                                F-3<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                           JUNE 30,

<S>                                     <C>             <C>           <C>
                                                1998           1997          1996
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------


NET SALES                                $10,975,854     $6,903,920    $3,769,110
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------


OPERATING EXPENSES:

  Direct service and cost of goods         5,099,370      3,482,460     2,507,803
   sold
  Selling, general and administrative      4,052,350      4,043,959     3,512,650
  Depreciation and amortization            1,147,113        932,567       744,466
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------
       Operating expenses before          10,298,833      8,458,986     6,764,919
       impairment

  Other expenses:

    Impairment of intangibles              3,657,817           -             -   
    Impairment of equipment and            1,600,000           -             -   
     other                              -------------   ------------  ------------
       Total impairment expenses           5,257,817           -             -   
                                        =============   ============  ============

       Total operating expenses           15,556,650      8,458,986     6,764,919
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS                      (4,580,796)    (1,555,066)   (2,995,809)
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)

  Interest income                             35,562         40,135        69,266
  Interest expense                          (294,331)      (222,868)     (101,763)
  Write-down of assets                           -         (242,614)     (162,772)
  Other, net                                 (15,477)      (173,115)      (14,370)
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------

       Total other income (expense)         (274,246)      (598,462)     (209,639)
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------


LOSS BEFORE DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS       (4,855,042)    (2,153,528)   (3,205,448)
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------


DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS:

  Loss on planned disposal of mining      (1,800,000)    (2,592,858)          -   
  properties

  Loss from operations of insurance             -        (2,046,256)     (322,905)
  adjusting subsidiary

  Estimated loss on disposal of
  insurance adjusting                           -          (314,518)          -   
  subsidiary
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------


       Total discontinued operations      (1,800,000)    (4,953,632)     (322,905)
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------


NET LOSS                                 $(6,655,042)   $(7,107,160)  $(3,528,353)
                                        =============   ============  ============


NET LOSS PER SHARE (Basic and
Diluted):

  Loss from continuing operations            $(.96)         $(0.44)       $(0.71)

  Loss from discontinued operations           (.36)          (1.01)        (0.07)
                                        -------------   ------------  ------------

       Net loss per basic and diluted        $(1.32)        $(1.45)       $(0.78)
       common share                     -------------   ------------  ------------

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES             5,050,683      4,902,944     4,540,328
OUTSTANDING                             =============   ============  ============

</TABLE>


 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.

                                F-4<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
          FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1996, 1997 AND 1998



<S>                         <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
                                  COMMON STOCK         ACCUMULATED
                                 SHARES       AMOUNT       DEFICIT        TOTAL
                            ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

BALANCES, July 1, 1995        4,276,041  $47,885,246  $(29,284,430)  $18,600,816

  Common stock issued for:
     Cash                       408,762    3,129,988          -       3,129,988
     Stock option plans          54,929      704,935          -         704,935
     Intangible assets            2,679       41,016          -          41,016
     Services rendered and        2,987       22,505          -          22,505
      other
  Net loss                         -            -       (3,528,353)  (3,528,353)
                            ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

BALANCES, June 30, 1996       4,745,398   51,783,690   (32,812,783)  18,970,907

  Common stock issued for:
     Cash                        42,858      318,000          -         318,000
     Conversion of
        convertible and         252,824    1,569,021          -       1,569,021
        redeemable
        preferred stock
     Stock options and            8,174       63,444          -          63,444
        warrants
     Legal settlement             1,429        7,850          -           7,850
  Net loss                         -            -       (7,107,160)  (7,107,160)
                            ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------

BALANCES, June 30, 1997       5,050,683   53,742,005   (39,919,943)  13,822,062

  Net loss                         -            -       (6,655,042)  (6,655,042)
                            ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------


BALANCES, June 30, 1998       5,050,683  $53,742,005  $(46,574,985)  $7,167,020
                            ============ ============ ============= ============

</TABLE>

 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.


                                F-5<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



                                                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30,

<S>                                      <C>           <C>          <C>
                                                1998          1997         1996
                                         ------------  ------------ ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

 Net loss from continuing operations     $(4,855,042)  $(2,153,528) $(3,205,448)

 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
  net cash provided by (used in)
  operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization         1,147,113       932,567      744,466
     Loss on disposition of assets            42,521        78,363       48,921
     Write-down of assets                       -          242,614      162,772
     Impairment of intangibles             3,657,817          -            -   
     Impairment of equipment and other     1,600,000          -            -   
     Stock issued for services                  -            7,850       59,465
      rendered and expenses
     Bad debt                                376,317          -            -   
     Imputed interest on redeemable             -           43,806       35,406
      preferred stock

 Changes in operating assets and
 liabilities:

  (Increase) decrease in:
     Accounts receivable                     (23,257)     (604,170)    (174,570)
     Inventories                             (12,892)      231,062     (526,810)
     Prepaid expenses                        208,614      (212,130)     123,994
     Costs in excess of billings            (105,070)          -            -   
     Other assets                            (26,650)      (69,413)     167,067

  Increase (decrease) in:

     Accounts payable and accrued           (382,122)      269,865     (136,988)
      expenses
     Billings in excess of costs             173,248          -            -   
     Unrealized installment sales               -             -        (104,552)
                                         ------------  ------------ ------------

  Net cash provided by (used in)
  continuing operating                     1,800,597    (1,233,114)  (2,806,277)
     activities


 Loss from discontinued operations        (1,800,000)   (2,592,858)        -   
 Write-off of mining properties            1,800,000     2,592,858         -   
 Increase (decrease) in other net           (227,321)     (356,588)    (220,680)
  assets                                 ------------  ------------ ------------

  Net cash used in discontinued             (227,321)     (356,588)    (220,680)
   operations                            ------------  ------------ ------------


  Net cash provided by (used in)           1,573,276    (1,589,702)  (3,026,957)
   operating activities                  ------------  ------------ ------------


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

 Advance for notes receivable                   -          (91,779)    (770,387)
 Collection of notes receivable               84,943       579,154      416,915
 Purchase of property, plant and            (124,479)     (321,661)    (262,126)
  equipment
 Proceeds from disposition of assets            -           12,391       22,365
 Purchase of intangible assets               (60,826)      (48,498)     (50,566)
                                         ------------  ------------ ------------

 Net cash provided by (used in)             (100,362)      129,607     (643,799)
  continuing operating activities
 Net cash provided by (used in)                 -           12,535      (34,132)
  discontinued operating activities      ------------  ------------ ------------

  Net cash provided by (used in)            (100,362)      142,142     (677,931)
   investing activities                  ------------  ------------ ------------


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

 Repayments on notes payable,                   -             -         (51,196)
  shareholders
 Advances from borrowings                    150,000       300,000         -   
 Repayments on borrowings                   (117,965)      (67,636)        -   
 Repayments on capital lease                (914,943)     (386,154)     (94,791)
  obligations
 Proceeds from the sale of stock                -        1,576,191    3,797,963
                                         ------------  ------------ ------------

 Net cash provided by (used in)             (882,908)    1,422,401    3,651,976
  continuing investing activities
 Net cash provided by discontinued              -             -         108,493
  investing activities
                                         ------------  ------------ ------------

  Net cash provided by (used in)            (882,908)    1,422,401    3,760,469
   financing activities                  ------------  ------------ ------------



NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND          590,006       (25,159)      55,581
CASH EQUIVALENTS


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning         526,851       552,010      496,429
 of year                                 ------------  ------------ ------------


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year    $1,116,857      $526,851     $552,010
                                         ============  ============ ============


SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF CASH FLOW
INFORMATION:

 Cash paid for interest                     $294,321      $184,662      $66,357
                                         ============  ============ ============

 Equipment acquired with capital            $573,625    $1,683,825     $608,103
 leases                                  ============  ============ ============

</TABLE>

 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.


                                F-6<PAGE>

   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.  NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

    Nature of Operations - Alanco Environmental Resources Corporation and
    subsidiaries' (the "Company") business activities for the past several
    years have emphasized diversification.  The Company has expended
    substantial time and resources on the development of its pollution control
    devices, the Environetics Dry Scrubber System (EDDS) and the Charged Dry
    Sorbent Injection System (CDSI), and has four other business segments.

    These business segments include:

    (i)     Manufacturing of pollution control products, including the EDDS and
            CDSI.

    (ii)    Wholesale equipment supplier to the food service industry;
            acquisition was effective May 1, 1995; in 1997, the Company changed
            operations to food marketing and distribution.

    (iii)   Mining operations.  During fiscal 1998, the Company discontinued
            its pursuit of its mining operations.  Therefore, its mining
            properties have been classified as net assets of discontinued
            operations held for sale on the balance sheet.

    (iv)    Insurance adjusting, a service-oriented business segment;
            acquisition was effective May 1, 1995 and operations were
            discontinued on June 30, 1997 (see Note 3).

    Principles of Consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include
    the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All significant
    intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
    consolidation.

    Cash Equivalents - For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company
    considers all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of
    three months or less to be cash equivalents.

    Inventories - Inventories consist of purchased materials and parts, work-
    in-process, and finished goods.  Inventories are stated at the lower of
    cost or market, as calculated using the average-cost method.  Inventories
    consisted of the following at June 30:


                                            1998       1997
                                         ---------- ---------

     Raw materials and purchased parts    $289,420  $323,575
     Work-in-process                        24,835    10,919
     Finished goods                        226,116   192,985
                                         ---------- ---------
                                          $540,371  $527,479
                                         ========== =========


                                F-7<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    Property, Plant and Equipment - Property, plant and equipment are stated at
    cost.  Depreciation is computed over the estimated useful lives of the
    assets using the straight-line method generally over a 5- to 32-year
    period.  Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method
    over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life.  Expenditures for
    ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.  Upon
    retirement or disposal of assets, the cost and accumulated depreciation are
    eliminated from the account and any gain or loss is reflected in the
    statement of operations.

    Fair Value of Financial Instruments - The estimated fair values for
    financial instruments are determined at discrete points in time based on
    relevant market information.  These estimates involve uncertainties and
    cannot be determined with precision.  The carrying amounts of accounts
    receivable, notes receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and
    notes payable approximate fair value.

    Intangible Assets - Intangibles consist of patents and the excess of
    purchase price over fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) in
    connection with the acquisition of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.  During
    fiscal 1998, the remaining excess of purchase price over fair value of net
    assets acquired associated with the Companies prior purchase of a wholesale
    equipment supplier was written-off as a result of the Company's impairment
    analysis.  All remaining intangibles are being amortized over 17 years.

    Income Taxes - The Company accounts for income taxes under the liability
    method, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
    for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included
    in the financial statements or tax returns.  Under this method, deferred
    tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between
    the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using
    enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
    expected to reverse.

    Use of Estimates - The preparation of the Company's financial statements in
    conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the
    Company's management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
    amounts reported in these financial statements and accompanying notes. 
    Actual results could differ from those estimates.

    The Company makes significant assumptions concerning the realizability of
    its deferred tax assets, investment in mining properties, and in property
    and equipment associated with its food marketing and distribution
    operation.  Due to the uncertainties inherent in the estimation process and
    the significance of these costs, it is at least reasonably possible that
    its estimates in connection with these items could be further materially
    revised within the next year.


                                F-8<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    Impairment of Intangible and Other Long-Lived Assets - The Company performs
    an assessment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
    indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be
    recoverable.  If the net carrying value exceeds estimated undiscounted
    future net cash flows, then impairment is recognized to reduce the carrying
    value to the estimated fair value.  During fiscal 1998 and 1997,
    approximately $7,057,817 and $2,835,472 of intangible and other long-lived
    assets were written-off due to impairment in continuing and discontinued
    operations.

    Revenue Recognition - The Company recognizes revenue, net of anticipated
    returns, at the time products are shipped to customers for product sales
    and at the time service is provided.  Revenues from long-term contracts are
    recognized on the percentage-of-completion method for individual contracts,
    commencing when progress reaches a point where experience is sufficient to
    estimate final results with reasonable accuracy.  Revenues are recognized
    in the ratio that costs incurred bear to total estimated costs.  Changes in
    job performance, estimated profitability and final contract settlements may
    result in revisions to costs and income, and are recognized in the period
    in which the revisions are determined.  There are two long-term contracts
    in progress at June 30, 1998.

    Contract costs include all direct materials, subcontracts, labor costs and
    those indirect costs related to contract performance.  General and
    administrative costs are charged to expense as incurred.

    At the time a loss on a contract becomes known, the entire amount of the
    estimated ultimate loss on both short and long-term contracts is accrued.

    The asset, "Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
    uncompleted contracts", represents revenues recognized in excess of amounts
    billed.  The liability, "billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings
    on uncompleted contracts," represents billings in excess of revenues
    recognized.

    Foreign Currency Translation - The Company has one foreign entity whose
    functional currency is the U.S. dollar and translates monetary assets and
    liabilities at year-end exchange rates and non-monetary items are
    translated at historical rates.  Income and expense amounts are translated
    at the average rates in effect during the year, except for depreciation and
    cost of product sales which are translated at historical rates.  Gains or
    losses from changes in exchange rates are recognized in consolidated income
    in the year of occurrence.  Foreign currency gains (losses) for the years
    ended June 30, 1998, 1997, and 1996 were immaterial.

    Income (Loss) Per Share - The income (loss) per share is presented in
    accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
    Standards No. 128, Earnings Per Share (FAS 128).  FAS 128 replaced the
    presentation of primary and fully diluted earnings (loss) per share (EPS)
    with a presentation of basic EPS and diluted EPS.  Basic EPS is calculated
    by dividing the income or loss available to common shareholders by the
    weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. 

                                F-9<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities
    or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into
    common stock.  Basic and diluted EPS were the same for fiscal 1998, 1997
    and 1996 as the Company had losses from operations and therefore, the
    effect of all potential common stocks was antidilutive. 

    Stock-Based Compensation - In fiscal 1997, the Company adopted Financial
    Accounting Standards Board "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation"
    (FAS 123).  FAS 123 encourages, but does not require, companies to
    recognize compensation expense for grants of stock, stock options, and
    other equity instruments to employees based on fair value.  Companies that
    do not adopt the fair value accounting rules must disclose the impact of
    adopting the new method in the notes to the financial statements. 
    Transactions in equity instruments with non-employees for goods or services
    must be accounted for on the fair value method.  The Company has elected
    not to adopt the fair value accounting prescribed by FAS 123 for employees,
    and is subject only to the disclosure requirements prescribed by FAS 123.

    Concentrations of Credit Risks and Significant Customers - The Company
    sells products (primarily in the United States and China) and extends
    credit based on an evaluation of the customer's financial condition,
    generally without requiring collateral.  Exposure to losses on receivables
    is principally dependent on each customer's financial condition.  The
    Company monitors its exposure for credit losses and maintains allowances
    for anticipated losses.

    During the year ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996, the Company did
    business with one customer in the food marketing and distribution segment
    whose sales comprised 45%, 42% and 25% of consolidated sales.  This
    customer also accounted for approximately 37%, 46% and 0% of consolidated
    accounts receivable for fiscal 1998, 1997 and 1996 respectively.  The
    Company believes that retention of this customer is highly unlikely to
    continue in the future.

    New Pronouncement - SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments
    and Hedging Activities," was issued in June 1998.  This statement
    establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments
    and for hedging activities.  It requires that an entity recognize all
    derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the statement of financial
    position and measure those instruments at fair value.  This statement is
    effective for the Company's financial statements for the year ended June
    30, 2001 and the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a
    material effect on the Company's financial statements.

    SFAS No. 132, "Employers' Disclosures about Pensions and Other
    Postretirement Benefits," was issued in February 1998.  This statement
    revises the disclosure requirement for pensions and other postretirement
    benefits.  This statement is effective for the Company's financial
    statements for the year ended June 30, 1999 and the adoption of this
    standard is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's
    financial statements.


                                F-10<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
    Information," was issued in June 1997.  This statement establishes
    standards for the way public business enterprises report information about
    operating segments.  It also establishes standards for related disclosure
    about products and services, geographical areas and major customers.  This
    statement is effective for the Company's financial statements for the year
    ended June 30, 1999 and the adoption of this standard is not expected to
    have a material effect on the Company's financial statements.

    SFAS No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income" was issued in June 1997. 
    This statement establishes standards for reporting and display of
    comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. 
    Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except
    those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. 
    Among other disclosures, Statement 130 requires that all components of
    comprehensive income shall be classified based on their nature and shall be
    reported in the financial statements in the period in which they are
    recognized.  A total amount for comprehensive income shall be displayed in
    the financial statements where the components of other comprehensive income
    are reported.  This statement is effective for the Company's financial
    statements for the year ended June 30, 1999 and the adoption of this
    standard is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's
    financial statements.

    Reclassification - Certain reclassifications have been made to conform
    fiscal 1997 financials to the presentation in fiscal 1998.  The
    reclassifications had not effect on net income.


2.  CONTINUED OPERATIONS:

    The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
    accordance with generally accepted accounting principles which contemplate
    continuation of the Company and a going concern.  As shown in the
    consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred operating
    losses from operations for the last three years.  Additionally, the
    retention of a significant customer in the Company's food marketing and
    distribution business, which accounted for 45% of revenues in fiscal 1998,
    is considered unlikely by management of the Company as of June 30, 1998. 
    Management of the Company believes that loss of this customer will
    negatively impact future operating results of the Company.  As a result,
    the Company has reduced by $1,600,000 and $3,657,817 the carrying value of
    the equipment expected to be returned and goodwill associated with its food
    marketing and distribution business, respectively.  This equipment has been
    valued at its expected sales value less refurbishing costs.  These factors
    raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
    concern.

    In view of the matters described in the preceding paragraph, recoverability
    of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying
    consolidated balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the
    Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company's ability to continue

                                F-11<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    to raise capital and generate positive cash flows from operations.  The
    consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
    to the recoverability and classification or recorded asset amounts or
    amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should
    the Company be unable to continue its existence.

    Management plans to take the following steps that it believes will be
    sufficient to provide the Company with the ability to continue in
    existence:

        Management of the Company will attempt to replace the expected lost
        revenues from a significant customer with new customers.  Additionally,
        the Company is currently attempting to expand its operations of its
        pollution control manufacturing company.

        The Company plans to obtain a line-of-credit for use during periods of
        cash fluctuations.

        The Company has discontinued operations for the insurance adjusting
        segment which used operating cash during years ended June 30, 1997 and
        1996.


3.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS:

    As of June 30, 1997, the Company and its Board of Directors shut down its
    insurance adjusting operations.  As a result, the insurance adjusting
    operations are accounted for as discontinued operations and, accordingly,
    its operations are reported in this manner for all periods presented.  For
    1996, all assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are presented
    as net assets of discontinued operations and for 1997, all assets and
    liabilities of discontinued operations are presented as net liabilities of
    discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheets.  Included in
    loss from discontinued operations are the insurance adjusting total
    revenues of approximately $403,000 and $1,194,000 and the net loss from
    operations of approximately $2,046,000 and $323,000 for the years ended
    June 30, 1997 and 1996, respectively.  Included in the 1997 net loss from
    operations in a write-off of cost in excess of book value on acquisition of
    the wholly-owned subsidiary of $1,498,110.  The Company estimates that the
    operations will incur approximately $266,000 in expenses during the
    shutdown period and will incur a loss and discontinued operations'
    historical losses, there is no tax effect on the disposition of the
    operations.







                                F-12<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    The following is a summary of net (liabilities) assets of the Company's
    discontinued insurance adjusting operations:


                                              1998        1997

                                          ---------  ------------

     Current assets                           $ -        $15,449
     Property, plant and equipment              -         33,350
     Other assets                               -         10,251
     Current liabilities                        -       (286,371)
                                          ---------  ------------
         Net (liabilities) assets from         $-      $(227,321)
         discontinued operations          =========  ============



    During fiscal 1998, management of the Company determined that they would
    actively pursue the sale of their mining properties and discontinue all
    related operations.  As such, these properties have been classified as
    assets held for sale and related impairment associated with such
    properties is included in discontinued operations.

    For the year ended June 30, 1997, the Company retained an independent
    geologist (Geologist) to appraise the mineral properties.  A majority
    of the mining properties are undeveloped claims which generally do not
    have a readily demonstrated market value because they lack sufficient
    exploration of an ore body to determine the recoverability of the amount
    and grade of the potential ore body.  The appraiser assigned a value to
    these properties based upon the accumulated monies expended on the claims
    as of June 30, 1997.  Further, the appraiser indicated that these
    properties lack economical feasibility based upon the exploration and
    development to date.  However, he stated further that there existed
    considerable evidence as to the potential of these mineral properties and
    recommended that the Company increase exploration and development efforts
    on these properties until an economically feasible ore body is proved or
    a decision is reached to abandon the property.  The minority of the
    mining properties had past mining activity which gave evidence of an ore
    grade an recoverability.  The Geologist performed a net present value
    analysis of the ore grade and recoverability.  The net present value
    analysis resulted in the current market value exceeding the historical
    cost for these mining properties; however, in accordance with SFAS No.
    121, the Company has evaluated the mineral properties for impairment.
    The Company's evaluation of these assets is based on the estimated cash
    flows expected to result from their eventual disposition.  During fiscal
    1998 and 1997, based on the Company's analysis of the properties,
    approximately $1,800,000 and $2,593,000 of the properties carrying value

                                F-13<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




    were reduced to estimated market value. Management will continue to
    evaluate the carrying value of the properties and additional adjustments
    may be required in the future.


4.  NOTES RECEIVABLE:

    Notes receivable at June 30 consisted of the following:


                                                         1998          1997
                                                    ----------    ----------

    Note receivable, quarterly interest payments     $771,581      $771,581
    at prime plus 2%, principal was due June 26,
    1997(1)

    Notes receivable, 9.5% annum with $1,892          223,613       225,000
    monthly payments of principal and interest,
    secured by first lien on the subject
    property(2)

    Notes receivable - other.                          29,634       138,539
                                                    ----------    ----------
                                                    1,024,828     1,135,120

    Less allowance for uncollectible accounts        (675,615)     (324,648)
                                                    ----------    ----------
                                                      349,213       810,472

    Less current portion                             (349,213)     (586,739)
                                                    ----------    ----------
        Long-term portion                            $   -         $223,733
                                                    ==========    ==========

    _______________________
    (1)As part of the Company's acquisition of its 70% interest in PMM's common
    stock, the Company agreed to indemnify certain unrelated third parties
    against losses on their continuing guarantees on leased facilities and
    equipment.  As a result of these guarantees, the Company has loaned PMM
    $771,581 plus accrued interest.  PMM's accounts receivable are collateral

                                F-14<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    for this loan.  Also, the Company's former President and CEO was the former
    CEO of PMM, and PMM's current President and CEO is a former officer and
    director of the Company.  As of June 30, 1998, this note was in default. 
    During fiscal 1998, the Company determined PMM transferred all its assets
    to a creditor and PMM was subsequently sold.  The Company filed a lawsuit
    naming PMM for fraudulently transferring assets.  Subsequent to June 30,
    1998, the Company has reached a tentative agreement with the Company who
    purchased PMM's assets for repayment for $200,000 of the original $771,581
    loan.  Additionally, the Company that purchased PMM has agreed to pay any
    and all amounts due on the leased facilities and equipment that is
    guaranteed by the Company.

    (2)The Company sold a warehouse, accounted for as an asset held for sale in
    1996, for $250,000 with a down payment of $25,000 and a note receivable of
    $225,000.  The principal and accrued interest is due May 1999 and the note
    is collateralized by the warehouse.

5.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

    At June 30, property plant and equipment consists of the following: 


                                                    1998          1997
                                              -----------   -----------


        Land                                     $60,231       $60,431
        Buildings                              1,366,682     1,350,668
        Machinery and equipment                3,522,838     4,397,243
        Furniture and office equipment           478,655       484,523
                                              -----------   -----------
                                               5,428,406     6,292,865
        Less accumulated depreciation         (2,048,282)   (1,243,785)
                                              -----------   -----------
                                              $3,380,124    $5,049,080
                                              ===========   ===========


    Related depreciation expense for the years ended June 30, 1998, 1997, and
    1996 was $824,539, $552,361, and $244,733, respectively.







                                F-15<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.  UNCOMPLETED CONTRACTS:

    The following applies to contracts in progress as of June 30, 1998:




        Costs incurred on uncompleted                   $609,369
         contracts
        Estimated earnings                               443,665
                                                      -----------
                                                       1,053,034
 
        Billings to date                               1,121,212
                                                      -----------
                                                         $68,178
                                                      ===========
        Included in the accompanying
        balance sheet under
          the following captions:

            Costs and estimated earnings
                in excess of billings on                $105,070
                uncompleted contracts
 
            Billings in excess of costs
                and estimated earnings on                173,248
                uncompleted contracts                 -----------
 
                                                       $ (68,178)
                                                      ===========

                                F-16<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7.  NOTES PAYABLE:

    The Company has two $150,000, 12% per annum notes payable to a financial
    corporation.  The notes are payable in 30-month installments of $5,813 each
    and mature in May and June 2000.  The notes are secured by 325 Fry D'Lite
    Fryer systems or other similar ventless, hoodless fryers as well as all
    assets of the Company and its subsidiaries.  As of June 30, 1998, the
    outstanding balance due was $114,399.  The Company also has a $300,000
    line-of-credit at a 10.25% interest rate with the same financial
    corporation collateralized by inventory and equipment.  As of June 30,
    1998, $150,000 was drawn on the line-of-credit and has subsequently been
    paid.

    In April 1998, the Company obtained a 90-day $300,000 line-of-credit with a
    director and shareholder of the Company.  The Company was advanced $100,000
    and repaid the balance before year-end.  No balance was outstanding at
    June 30,1998.  As consideration for the line-of-credit, the director is
    receiving interest at a rate of 3% of the highest principal balance for
    every month the principal is outstanding and the shareholder received
    warrants to purchase 435,000 shares of common stock.  These warrants expire
    in five years and are exercisable at $2.80 per share.  As a result of the
    relationship between the quoted market price and exercise price of the
    warrants on the date of grant, the financing fee related to the warrants
    was immaterial.


8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

    The Company is a defendant in several lawsuits.  Management of the Company
    believes that any financial exposure is adequately provided for in its
    financial statements and that these matters will not have a material
    adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, cash flows or
    operations.

    The Company leases certain facilities and equipment under non-cancelable
    operating lease agreements that expire through 2001.  The Company also
    leases certain machinery and office and computer equipment under non-
    cancelable capital lease arrangements.













                                F-17<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable capital and operating
    leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more at June 30, 1998
    are as follow:


     Year Ending                             Operating     Capital
     June 30,                                   Leases      Leases
    ------------                            ----------- -----------

     1999                                     $152,489  $1,272,912
     2000                                       91,387     459,095
     2001                                        3,706       7,789
                                              --------- -----------
                                              $247,582   1,739,796
                                              =========

     Less amount representing interest                    (175,658)

     Less executory costs (taxes)                         (111,193)
                                                        -----------
                                                         1,452,945

     Less current portion                                1,042,275
                                                        -----------
                 Long-term portion                        $410,670
                                                        ===========

    At June 30, leased capital assets included in property, plant and equipment
    consisted of the following:


                                                  1998      1997
                                            ----------- -----------

     Machinery and equipment                $1,333,450  $2,223,825
     Furniture and equipment                    18,260      68,103
                                            ----------- -----------
                                             1,351,710   2,291,928
     Less accumulated amortization            (661,071)    309,176
                                            ----------- -----------
         Total                                $690,639  $1,982,752
                                            =========== ===========


                                F-18<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9.  REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK:

    The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of Class A convertible
    and redeemable preferred stock (Preferred Stock).  As of June 30, 1997,
    Preferred Stock was authorized by Series as follows:  Series 1, 26 shares
    authorized, issued, and redeemed; Series 2, 110,000 shares authorized,
    issued, and redeemed; and Series 3, 25,000 shares authorized, issued, and
    redeemed.  As of June 30, 1996, there were 26 shares of Series 1
    authorized, issued, and outstanding.

    During the year ended June 30, 1995, the Company issued 26 shares of
    $20,000 par value Series 1 Preferred Stock to K.D. International, S.A. as
    part of the acquisition price paid for the insurance adjusting company,
    Unique Systems, Inc., dba National Affiliated Adjustment Company (NAAC). 
    These shares were converted to common shares as of June 30, 1997 (see
    Note 10).  Subsequent to the acquisition of NAAC, the Chief Executive
    Officer of NAAC who is the wife of the Company's former CEO and president,
    acquired these shares in an unrelated transaction.

    During the year ended June 30, 1997, the Company issued 110,000 shares of
    $10 par value Series 2 Preferred Stock.  The stock was convertible 50% at
    October 20, 1996 and 100% at November 19, 1996 and redeemable at October
    15, 2001.  Also, the shareholders were entitled to an $0.80 per anum
    dividend.  These shares were converted to common shares as of June 30, 1997
    (see Note 10).

    During the year ended June 30, 1997, the Company issued 25,000 shares of
    $10 par value Series 3 Preferred Stock.  The stock was convertible 50% at
    November 8, 1996 and 100% at December 9, 1996 and redeemable at November 8,
    2001.  Also, the shareholders were entitled to an $0.80 per anum dividend.
     These shares were converted to common shares as of June 30, 1997 (see
    Note 10).


10. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:

    Common Shares - In May 1998, the Company's shareholders approved a 1 for 7
    reverse stock split.  Accordingly, all common stock reflected in the
    accompanying financial statements and notes reflect this reverse split for
    all periods presented.


                                F-19<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    During the year ended June 30, 1997, among other transactions, the Company
    completed the following common stock transactions of previously unissued
    common shares:

        Issued for a legal judgment 1,429 shares for an aggregate value of
        $7,850.

        Issued for conversion of the Series 1 Preferred Stock 49,409 shares
        which equaled a conversion rate of 75% of the closing bid price per
        share on the conversion date.

        Issued for conversion of the Series 2 Preferred Stock 163,538 shares
        which equaled, in aggregate, a conversion rate of 75% of the closing
        bid price per share on the conversion date.

        Issued for conversion of the Series 3 Preferred Stock 39,877 shares
        which equaled, in aggregate, a conversion rate of 75% of the closing
        bid price per share on the conversion date.

    During the year ended June 30, 1996, the Company completed the following
    common stock transactions of previously unissued common shares:

        Issued to four directors for services performed 143, 143, 123, and 106
        shares, respectively, at values ranging from $7.00 to $5.74 per share
        for an aggregate value of $6,000.

        Issued to an unaffiliated company for the rights to manufacture a
        machine 2,679 shares at a contract price of $41,016.

        Issued for a legal judgment 1,829 shares for an aggregate value of
        $8,000.

        Issued to two employees of a subsidiary, for services performed 571 and
        72 shares, respectively, for an aggregate value of $8,505.

    Warrants - During fiscal 1998, the Company reissued 60,715 warrants to a
    stockholder for consideration of a $300,000 line-of-credit (see Note 7). 
    These warrants expire in five years and are exercisable at $2.80 per share.

    For the year ended June 30, 1996, the Company had a private placement
    offering for its common stock.  In accordance with the private placement,
    the Company has outstanding warrants as of June 30, 1998, 1997, and 1996 to
    purchase 168,456, 188,024, and 195,197 shares of common stock,
    respectively, at $21 per share for an aggregate value of $3,537,576,
    $3,948,498, and $4,099,143, respectively.  The warrants may be exercised
    through December 1998.

    Stock Options - In 1995, the Company adopted an Incentive Stock Option Plan
    (1995 ISOP) that authorizes the issuance of up to 142,858 shares of common
    stock.  Pursuant to the plan, the Company may only grant "incentive stock
    options" (intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
    Code of 1986, as amended).

                                F-20<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




    Incentive and non-qualified stock options may not be granted at an exercise
    price of less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of
    grant (except for holders of more than 10% of common stock, whereby the
    exercise price must be at least 110% of the fair market value at the date
    of grant for incentive stock options).  Each option must be granted within
    five years from the effective date of the Plan.  The term of the options
    may not exceed five years.  As of June 30, 1998, the Company had granted
    options under the plan to purchase 122,501 shares, of which all have
    vested,  23,785 have been exercised, and 79,069 have been canceled. 
    Options outstanding for this plan at June 30, 1998 have exercise prices
    that range from $14.63 to $4.27.

    In 1995, the Company adopted the Directors and Officers Stock Option Plan
    (1995 D&O Plan), which provides for the grant of stock options to only
    executive officers and directors of the Company.  An aggregate of 142,858
    shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under this plan.  The
    exercise price of the options will be $.70 per share or such other price
    the board of directors may determine.  Each option must be granted within
    five years from the effective date of the plan.  The term of the options
    may not exceed six months.  Only the options granted and exercised in
    fiscal 1996 were under the 1995 D&O Plan.

    In 1996, the Company adopted another Director and Officer Stock Option Plan
    (1996 D&O Plan).  Only executive officers and directors of the Company
    shall be eligible to be granted options under this plan.  An aggregate of
    107,143 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under this plan. 
    The exercise price of the options will be 60% of the NASDAQ closing bid
    price per share on the date of grant or such other price the Board of
    Directors may determine.  Each option must be granted within five years
    from the effective date of the plan and the term may not exceed five years.
     No one officer or director shall have more than 21,429 options granted
    under this plan.  As of June 30, 1998, the Company had granted options
    under the 1996 D&O Plan to purchase 58,575 shares of which 45,717 options
    are vested and the balance will vest in one year.  Exercise prices for the
    directors and officers options outstanding at June 30, 1998 range from
    $4.69 to $6.30.

    Subsequent to year-end, the Company granted a total of 1,100,000 10-year
    options to two new officers of the Company.  The exercise price has not yet
    been determined.

    The following is a table of activity under these plans:










                                F-21<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                                               
                                 Incentive    Weighted     Directors   Weighted
                                     Stock     Average       Officer    Average
                                    Option    Exercise         Stock   Exercise
                                      Plan       Price  Option Plans      Price
                                -----------  ---------- ------------- ----------

    OPTIONS OUTSTANDING, June         -           $-            -         $ -   
    30, 1995

        Granted                    105,357       12.86        32,143       0.70
        Exercised                  (22,785)      12.92       (32,143)      0.70
        Canceled                    (2,572)      13.23          -           -  
                                -----------  ---------- ------------- ----------

    OPTIONS OUTSTANDING, June       80,000       12.83          -           -  
    30, 1996

        Granted                      7,143       13.23        28,572       6.30
        Exercised                   (1,000)      13.23          -           -  
        Canceled                   (46,143)      12.51          -           -  
                                -----------  ---------- ------------- ----------

    OPTIONS OUTSTANDING, June       40,000       13.27        28,572       6.30
    30, 1997

        Granted                     10,001        4.78        30,003       5.53
        Canceled                   (30,354)      11.62          -           -  
                                -----------  ---------- ------------- ----------

    OPTIONS OUTSTANDING, June       19,647      $11.49        58,575     $ 5.91
    30, 1998                    ===========  ========== ============= ==========




                                F-22<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    For all options granted during 1998, 1997, and 1996, the weighted average
    market price of the Company's common stock on the grant date was
    approximately equal to the weighted average exercise price.  The weighted
    average remaining contractual life for all options and warrants as of June
    30, 1998 was approximately 4 years.  At June 30, 1998, options for
    65,364 shares were exercisable and options for the remaining shares become
    exercisable within the next year.  If not previously exercised, options
    outstanding at June 30, 1998 will expire as follows:

                                                              Weighted
                                                               Average
                                                 Number of    Exercise
        Year                                      Shares         Price
       ------                                    ----------  ----------

        2001                                        15,360      $13.32
        2002                                        28,572       $6.30
        2003                                        34,290       $5.45
                                                 ----------
                                                    78,222
                                                 ==========

























                                F-23<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    Pro Forma Stock-Based Compensation Disclosures - The Company applies APB
    Opinion 25 and related interpretations in accounting for its stock options
    and warrants which are granted to employees.  Accordingly, no compensation
    cost has been recognized for grants of options and warrants to employees
    since the exercise prices were not less than the fair value of the
    Company's common stock on the grant dates.  Had compensation cost been
    determined based on the fair value at the grant dates for awards under
    those plans consistent with the method of FAS 123, the Company's net income
    and earnings per share would have been reduced to the pro forma amounts
    indicated below.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                    Year Ended June 30,

<S>                                    <C>            <C>           <C>
                                              1998          1997          1996
                                       ------------   ------------  -------------


        Net loss applicable to common
        stockholders:

           As reported                 $(6,655,042)   $(7,107,160)   $(3,528,353)
           Pro forma                   $(6,820,859)   $(7,277,460)   $(4,494,873)
                                       

        Net loss per common share -
        basic and diluted:

           As reported                     $ (1.32)        $(1.45)       $  (.78)
           Pro forma                       $ (1.35)        $(1.48)       $  (.99)






                                F-24<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


   The fair value of each employee option granted in 1998, 1997, and 1996 was
   estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
   with the following weighted average assumptions:


                                           Year Ended June 30,

                                         1998      1997      1996
                                       --------  -------- ---------


       Expected volatility                104%       84%       84%
       Risk-free interest rate            6.1%      5.6%      5.6%
       Expected dividends                   -         -         -
       Expected terms (in years)          5.0       5.0       2.5



11. INCOME TAXES:

    The Company's actual effective tax rate differs from U.S. Federal corporate
    income tax rate of 34% as follows for the year ended June 30:


                                          1998     1997     1996
                                        -------- -------  --------


    Statutory rate                       (34.0%)  (34.0%)  (34.0%)

    State income taxes, net of Federal    (3.3%)   (3.3%)   (3.3%)
    income tax benefit

    Increase (reduction) in valuation
    allowance related to
      of net operating loss               37.3%    37.3%    37.3%
    carryforwards and change in         --------  --------  ------
      temporary differences


                                           -0-%     -0-%     -0-%
                                        ========  ========  ======



                                F-25<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


    The components of the net deferred tax asset recognized as of June 30 are
    as follows:


                                                       1998          1997
                                                ------------  ------------
         Long-term deferred tax assets
         (liabilities):

              Net operating loss                 $7,676,000    $8,570,000
              carryforwards

              Impairment of goodwill              1,364,000          -   

              Impairment of mining properties     2,613,000     1,045,000

              Impairment of equipment and           581,000          -   
              other

              Estimated cost of discontinued           -          125,000
              operations

              Other                                 374,000        12,000

              Valuation allowance               (12,608,000)   (9,752,000)
                                                ------------  ------------


                   Net long-term deferred tax         $-            $-   
                   asset                        ============  ============



     The valuation allowance was increased by $2,856,000 for the year ended
     June 30, 1998.

     At June 30, 1998, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for
     Federal tax purposes of approximately $20,580,000.  The loss
     carryforwards, unless utilized, will expire from 1999 through 2012.


12.  SEGMENT INFORMATION:

     The Company operates primarily in four industry segments:  development and
     marketing of pollution control devices, manufacturing for agricultural and
     dust control industry, and food marketing and distribution.



                                F-26<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     The following table is a summary of results by major segments:


                                         For the Years Ended June 30,

                                               1998          1997         1996
                                       ------------- ------------- -------------
       Net sales:

            Pollution control            $5,585,885    $3,738,172    $3,306,437
                 products
            Food distribution             5,389,969     3,165,748       462,673
            Mining                             -             -             -   
                                       ------------- ------------- -------------
                 Total                  $10,975,854    $6,903,920    $3,769,110
                                       ============= ============= =============

       Loss from continuing
       operations:

            Pollution control              $438,555     $(259,284)      $12,842
             products
            Food distribution            (3,534,106)      659,985      (650,863)
            Mining                             -             -             -   
            Other                        (1,759,491)   (2,554,229)   (2,567,427)
                                       ------------- ------------- -------------
                 Total                  $(4,855,042)  $(2,153,528)  $(3,205,448)
                                       ============= ============= =============


       Depreciation and
       amortization:

            Pollution control              $234,714      $232,559      $227,246
             products
            Food distribution               554,396       319,803       107,867
            Mining                             -             -             -   
            Other                           358,003       380,205       409,353
                                       ------------- ------------- -------------
                 Total                   $1,147,113      $932,567      $744,466
                                       ============= ============= =============



                                F-27<PAGE>


   ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                                                 At June 30,

                                               1998          1997
                                        ------------ -------------
       Identifiable assets:

            Pollution control            $3,662,129    $2,984,131
             products
            Food distribution             3,834,078     3,938,341
            Mining                        2,443,000     4,243,000
            Other                          (280,798)    5,793,457
                                        ------------ -------------
                 Total                   $9,658,409   $16,958,929
                                        ============ =============

       Property, plant and
       equipment additions:

            Pollution control               $77,241       $79,033
             products
            Food distribution               612,007     2,381,130
            Mining                             -             -   
            Other                             8,856        21,557
                                        ------------ -------------
                  Total                    $698,104    $2,481,720
                                        ============ =============




                                F-28<PAGE>




                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
                    ON SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION



Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.  The schedules to the
consolidated financial statements referred to in the index are presented for
the purposes of additional analysis and are not a required part of the basic
consolidated financial statements.  Such information for the year ended June
30, 1998 has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of
the basic consolidated financial statements.  In our opinion, such information
is fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole.

/s/Hein + Associates LLP

HEIN + ASSOCIATES LLP



Denver, Colorado
August 20, 1998



































                                F-29<PAGE>



              REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



Board of Directors and Shareholders
Alanco Environmental Resources Corporation


Our report on the consolidated balance sheet of Alanco Environmental Resources
Corporation (formerly known as Alanco Resources Corporation) and subsidiaries
as of June 30, 1997 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended June 30, 1997 is included on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
In connection with our audits of such financial statements, we have also
audited the related financial statement schedule on page F-31 of this Form
10-K.

In our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly, in all material respects, the information required to be
included therein.


/s/Singer Lewak Greenbaum & Goldstein LLP

SINGER LEWAK GREENBAUM & GOLDSTEIN LLP

Los Angeles, California
August 15, 1997
<PAGE>




                                F-30<PAGE>



</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 ALANCO ENVIRONMENTAL RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                       SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1998, 1997, AND 1996



<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
                                  BALANCE AT     CHARGED TO    CHARGED TO                     BALANCE AT
                                   BEGINNING      COSTS AND         OTHER                         END OF
                                   OF PERIOD       EXPENSES      ACCOUNTS    DEDUCTIONS           PERIOD
                                 ------------  -------------  ------------  ------------  ---------------


Year Ended June 30, 1998:

Impairment of mineral
   properties (assets held        $2,592,656     $1,800,000          $-            $-         $4,392,656
   for sale)
Impairment of goodwill                  -         3,657,817           -             -          3,657,817
Impairment of equipment                 -         1,500,000           -             -          1,500,000
   (assets held for sale) 
Allowance for notes                  324,648        376,317           -             -            700,965
receivable
Other                                 92,765           -              -          (9,230)          83,535


Year Ended June 30, 1997:

Impairment of mineral                  $-        $2,592,656          $-            $-         $2,592,656
   properties
Allowance for notes                   39,000        285,648           -             -            324,648
receivable
Other                                111,000         22,201           -         (40,436)          92,765


Year Ended June 30, 1996:

Allowance for notes                    $-           $39,000          $-            $-            $39,000
   receivable
Other                                 25,189         85,811           -             -            111,000

</TABLE>


                                F-31<PAGE>


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
     FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     On May 22, 1998, Singer Lewak Greenbaum & Goldstein LLP, Certified Public
Accountants, the Company's Certifying Accountant for the previous two fiscal
years, was dismissed.  Hein and Associates LLP, Certified Public Accountants,
were engaged to serve as the Company's new auditors.  The selection of Hein and
Associates LLP was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of
Directors.

     Singer Lewak Greenbaum & Goldstein LLP's report on the financial
statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1997 and 1996 contained a
qualification based upon the company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Except for this qualification, Singer Lewak Greenbaum & Goldstein LLP's reports
have not contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or were
qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles.
 Nor has there been any disagreement with Singer Lewak Greenbaum & Goldstein
LLP on any matter of principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or
auditing scope or procedure.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from
the Registrant's Proxy Statement to be filed on or before October 30, 1998. 
(The Company expects to file on approximately September 28, 1998.)

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from
the Registrant's Proxy Statement to be filed on or before October 30, 1998.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from
the Registrant's Proxy Statement to be filed on or before October 30, 1998.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from
the Registrant's Proxy Statement to be filed on or before October 30, 1998.


















                                      15<PAGE>

PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

A.   Exhibits

     (3)(i)    Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation*
     (3)(ii)   By-Laws of Corporation*
     (27)      Financial Data Schedule

*Incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 1997.

B.   Schedule

     (II)      Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

C.   Reports on Form 8-K

     May 22, 1998:  Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting
And Financial Disclosure.  Please see Part II, Item 9, above.

     Exhibits or schedules other than those mentioned above are omitted because
the conditions requiring their filing do not exist or because the required
information is given in the financial statements, including the notes thereto.

EXHIBIT (21) SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

NAME                                                STATE OF INCORPORATION

Alanco Environmental Manufacturing, Inc.            Nebraska

Alanco Environmental Technology                     People's Republic of China
                                                   (Beijing) Co. Ltd.

Fry Guy Inc.                                        Nevada
























                                      16<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                   Alanco Environmental
                                                   Resources Corporation

DATE: September 28 , 1998                          /s/Robert R. Kauffman
                                                   ------------------------
                                                   Robert R. Kauffman, CEO,
                                                   Chairman of the Board

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report is signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

      NAME                           TITLE                      DATE

/s/Robert R. Kauffman              Director              September 28, 1998
- ------------------------
Robert R. Kauffman

/s/James T. Hecker                 Director              September 28, 1998
- ------------------------
James T. Hecker

/s/Harold S. Carpenter             Director              September 28, 1998
- ------------------------
Harold S. Carpenter

/s/Edward J. Maley                 Director              September 28, 1998
- ------------------------
Edward J. Maley

/s/Steven P. Oman                  Director              September 28, 1998
- ------------------------
Steven P. Oman

/s/Joseph T. Connelly       Chief Financial Officer      September 28, 1998
- ------------------------
Joseph T. Connelly

















                                      17<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-30-1998
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-30-1998
<CASH>                                         1116857
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  1560294
<ALLOWANCES>                                     18535
<INVENTORY>                                     540371
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               3368601
<PP&E>                                         5428406
<DEPRECIATION>                                 2048282
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 9658409
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          2080718
<BONDS>                                         410671
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                      53742005
<OTHER-SE>                                  (46574985)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   9658409
<SALES>                                        5585885
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                              10975854
<CGS>                                          3623727
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                 15180333
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               (20085)
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                376317
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              294331
<INCOME-PRETAX>                              (4855042)
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                          (4855042)
<DISCONTINUED>                               (1800000)
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                 (6655042)
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                   (1.32)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                   (1.32)
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
