<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001133884-01-500569.txt : 20011009
<SEC-HEADER>0001133884-01-500569.hdr.sgml : 20011009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001133884-01-500569
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20010630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STATEFED FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912567
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				421410788
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22790
		FILM NUMBER:		1748321

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13523 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
		CITY:			CLIVE
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50325
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5152820236

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13523 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
		CITY:			CLIVE
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50325
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g10k-25786.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-KSB

[X]   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
      ACT OF 1934
                    FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2001

                                        OR

[ ]   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES
      EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                    COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-22790

                         STATEFED FINANCIAL CORPORATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 (Name of small business issuer in its charter)

               Delaware                                           42-1410788
--------------------------------------------                 -------------------
      (State or other jurisdiction of                        (I.R.S. Employer
       incorporation or organization)                        Identification No.)

    13523 University Avenue Clive, Iowa                             50325
--------------------------------------------                 -------------------
  (Address of principal executive offices)                        (Zip Code)

   Registrant's telephone number, including area code:         (515) 223-8484
                                                             -------------------

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      None
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of class)

         Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. YES X . NO ___.

         Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to
Item 405 of Regulation S-B contained herein, and no disclosure will be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-KSB
or any amendment to this Form 10-KSB. [X] State the issuer's revenue for the
most recent fiscal year: $8.8 million.

         The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant, computed by reference to the average of the bid and asked
prices of such stock on the NASDAQ System as of September 4, 2001, was $11.9
million. (The exclusion from such amount of the market value of the shares owned
by any person shall not be deemed an admission by the registrant that such
person is an affiliate of the registrant.)

         As of September 4, 2001, there were issued and outstanding 1,277,326
shares of the Registrant's Common Stock.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part II of Form 10-KSB - Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2001.

Part III of Form 10-KSB - Proxy Statement for 2001 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
--------------------------------

GENERAL

         THE COMPANY. StateFed Financial Corporation (the "Company" or the
"Holding Company"), a Delaware corporation, was formed in September, 1993 to act
as the holding company for State Federal Savings and Loan Association of Des
Moines ("State Federal" or the "Association") upon the completion of the
Association's conversion from the mutual to the stock form (the "Conversion").
The Company received approval from the Office of Thrift Supervision (the "OTS")
to acquire all of the common stock of the Association to be outstanding upon
completion of the Conversion. The Conversion was completed on January 4, 1994.
Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Company include the
Company and the Association on a consolidated basis.

         At June 30, 2001, the Company had $107.5 million of assets and
stockholders' equity of $14.1 million (or 13.1% of total assets).

         State Federal is a federally chartered savings and loan association
headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa. Its deposits are insured up to applicable
limits by the Savings Association Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC"), which is backed by the full faith and credit
of the United States.

         The principal business of the Association consists of attracting retail
deposits from the general public and investing those funds primarily in
one-to-four family residential mortgage and commercial and multi-family real
estate loans, and, to a lesser extent, construction and consumer loans primarily
in the Association's market area. The Association also invests in U.S.
Government and agency obligations and other permissible investments. At June 30,
2001, substantially all of the Association's real estate mortgage loans were
secured by properties located in Iowa.

         The Association's revenues are derived primarily from interest on
mortgage loans and investments, income from service charges and loan
originations, and income from real estate operations. The Association does not
originate loans to fund leveraged buyouts and has no loans to foreign
corporations or governments.

         The Association offers a variety of accounts having a wide range of
interest rates and terms. The Association's deposits include savings accounts,
money market savings accounts, checking accounts and certificate accounts with
terms of three months to 60 months. Currently, the Association only solicits
deposits in its primary market area and does not accept brokered deposits,
although management may on occasion accept brokered deposits in the future as
market conditions may dictate.

         The main office of the Association is located at 13523 University
Avenue Clive, Iowa 50325, which is located in Polk County. Its telephone number
at that address is (515) 223-8484. The Association maintains two other offices
in Des Moines, Iowa. The Association considers its primary market area to
comprise parts of Polk, Dallas and Warren Counties.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         When used in this Form 10-KSB and in future filings by the Company with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), in the Company's press
releases or other public or shareholder communications, and in oral statements
made with the approval of an authorized executive officer, the words or phrases
"will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated,"
"estimate," "project" or similar expressions are intended to identify
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties, including, among other things, changes in economic conditions in
the Company's market area, changes in policies by regulatory agencies,
fluctuations in interest rates, demand for loans in the Company's market area
and competition, that could cause actual results to differ materially from
historical earnings and those presently anticipated or projected. The Company
wishes to caution readers not to

                                       1
<PAGE>

place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as
of the date made. The Company wishes to advise readers that the factors listed
above could affect the Company's financial performance and could cause the
Company's actual results for future periods to differ materially from any
opinions or statements expressed with respect to future periods in any current
statements.

         The Company does not undertake--and specifically declines any
obligation--to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be made to
any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events.

LENDING ACTIVITIES

         GENERAL. Historically, the Association has originated fixed-rate,
one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. In the early 1980's, the
Association began to focus on the origination of adjustable-rate mortgage
("ARM") loans, in order to increase the percentage of loans in its portfolio
with more frequent repricing than fixed-rate mortgage loans. While the
Association has continued to originate fixed-rate mortgage loans in response to
customer demand, it also continues to offer ARMs. The Association also, from
time to time, purchases loans.

         While the Association primarily focuses its lending activities on the
origination of loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied one-to-four
family residences, it also originates multi-family and commercial real estate
and, to a lesser extent, construction and consumer loans in its primary market
area. At June 30, 2001, the Association's net loan portfolio totaled $87.9
million.

         The Loan Committee of the Association, comprised of executive officers
Wood and Black and Chairman Bray has the immediate responsibility for the
supervision of the Association's loan portfolio. The Association's loan policy
requires full Board approval on all loans. The Board of Directors has
responsibility for the overall supervision of the Association's loan portfolio
and in addition, reviews all foreclosure actions or the taking of deeds-in-lieu
of foreclosure.

         The aggregate amount of loans that the Association is permitted to make
under applicable federal regulations to any one borrower, including related
entities, or the aggregate amount that the Association could have invested in
any one real estate project is generally the greater of 15% of unimpaired
capital and surplus or $500,000. See "Regulation - Federal Regulation of Savings
Associations." At June 30, 2001, the maximum amount which the Association could
have lent to any one borrower and the borrower's related entities was
approximately $1.6 million. At that date the largest loan to one borrower or
group of related borrowers consisted of 57 loans to one borrower totaling $1.4
million. All of such loans were performing in accordance with their terms.
Currently, it is the Association's policy to limit its loans to one borrower to
the maximum regulatory limit. The Association reserves the right to discontinue,
adjust or create new lending programs to respond to its needs and to competitive
factors, and on occasion the Association's holding company has participated in
loans with the Association, which loans would have exceeded the limit on loans
to one borrower had such loans been made by the Association.



                                       2
<PAGE>

         LOAN PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION. The following table presents the
composition of the Company's loan portfolio in dollar amounts and in percentages
(before deductions for loans in process, deferred fees and discounts and the
allowances for loan losses) of total loans as of the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     June 30,
                                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           2001                        2000                         1999
                                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Amount      Percent          Amount         Percent        Amount        Percent
                                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                (Dollars in Thousands)
Real Estate Loans
-----------------
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
 One-to-four family .............................    $55,179       61.77 %      $54,078        61.95 %       $46,178        62.55 %
 Multi-family and Commercial ....................     31,243       34.97         31,071        35.59          24,340        32.91
 Construction or development ....................      1,309        1.46            719         0.83           2,025         2.74
                                                     -------     -------        -------      -------         -------      -------
     Total real estate loans ....................    $87,731       98.20         85,868        98.37          72,543        98.26

Other Loans:
------------
 Consumer Loans:
  Deposit account ...............................        117        0.13            186         0.21             141         0.19
  Other .........................................      1,489        1.67          1,240         1.42           1,140         1.55
                                                     -------     -------        -------      -------         -------      -------
     Total consumer loans .......................      1,606        1.80          1,426         1.63           1,281         1.74
                                                     -------     -------        -------      -------         -------      -------

     Total loans ................................     89,337      100.00 %       87,294       100.00 %        73,824       100.00 %
                                                                 =======                     =======                      =======
Less:
----
 Loans in process ...............................       (717)                      (141)                        (963)
 Deferred fees and discounts ....................       (339)                      (321)                        (288)
 Allowance for losses ...........................       (382)                        259                        (242)
                                                      -------                    -------                      -------
 Total loans receivable, net ....................     $87,899                    $86,573                      $72,331
                                                      =======                    =======                      -------
</TABLE>

                                       3
<PAGE>


         The following table shows the composition of the Company's loan
portfolio by fixed and adjustable rate at the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         JUNE 30,
                                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               2001                        2000                        1999
                                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        AMOUNT      PERCENT         AMOUNT       PERCENT        AMOUNT      PERCENT
                                                    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       (Dollars in Thousands)
Fixed Rate Loans:
----------------
<S>                                                   <C>             <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
 Real estate:
  One-to-four family .............................    $  42,100       47.13%        $37,398       42.84%       $28,310       38.35%
  Multi-family and Commercial ....................       15,402        17.24         15,286        17.51        14,330        19.41
  Construction or development ....................        1,309         1.46            719          .83         2,025         2.74
                                                      ---------     --------      ---------     --------       -------      -------
     Total real estate loans .....................       58,811        65.83         53,403        61.18        44,665        60.50
 Consumer ........................................        1,606         1.80          1,426         1.63         1,281         1.74
                                                      ---------     --------      ---------     --------       -------      -------
     Total fixed-rate loans ......................       60,417        67.63         54,829        62.81        45,946        62.24

Adjustable Rate Loans:
---------------------
 Real estate:
  One-to-four family .............................       13,079        14.64         16,680        19.11        17,868        24.20
  Multi-family and Commercial ....................       15,841       17.73          15,785        18.08        10,010        13.56
                                                      ---------     --------      ---------     --------       -------      -------
     Total real estate loans .....................       28,920        32.37         32,465        37.19        27,878        37.76
 Consumer ........................................          ---          ---            ---          ---           ---          ---
                                                      ---------     --------      ---------     --------       -------      -------
     Total adjustable rate loans .................       28,920        32.37         32,465        37.19        27,878          ---
                                                      ---------     --------      ---------     --------       -------      -------
     Total loans .................................       89,337      100.00%         87,294       100.00%       73,824       100.00%
                                                                     ======                       ======                     ======
LESS:
----
 Loans in process ................................         (717)                       (141)                      (963)
 Deferred fees and discounts .....................         (339)                       (321)                      (288)
 Allowance for loan losses .......................         (382)                       (259)                      (242)
                                                        -------                     -------                    -------
    Total loans receivable, net ..................      $87,899                     $86,573                    $72,331
                                                        =======                     =======                    =======
</TABLE>

                                       4
<PAGE>

         The following schedule illustrates the interest rate sensitivity of the
Company's loan portfolio at June 30, 2001. Mortgages which have fixed,
adjustable or renegotiable interest rates are shown as maturing at the
contractual maturity date. The schedule does not reflect the effects of possible
prepayments or enforcement of due-on-sale clauses.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Real Estate
                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          Multi-family and   Construction
                                     One-to-four family     Commercial       or Development        Consumer          Total
                                     ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------
                                              Weighted            Weighted           Weighted           Weighted           Weighted
                                              Average             Average            Average            Average            Average
                                      Amount   Rate      Amount   Rate       Amount  Rate       Amount  Rate       Amount  Rate
                                     -------- --------- --------  --------- -------- --------- -------- --------- -------- ---------
                                                                                            (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                  <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>     <C>        <C>
Due During Years Ending
June 30, (1)
2002 .............................   $ 1,205    8.82%     $9,967    8.93%     $1,309    9.49%    $223      9.45%   $12,704    8.99%
2003 .............................     5,276    8.56       4,900    8.53         ---     ---      237      9.47     10,413    8.57
2004 .............................     9,407    8.34       3,314    8.86         ---     ---      277      9.20     12,998    8.49
2005-2009 ........................    11,377    8.30       7,110    8.86         ---     ---      829      9.13     19,316    8.54
After 2009 .......................   $27,914    8.28%     $5,952    8.64%     $  ---     ---%    $ 40      9.50%   $33,906    8.34%

</TABLE>
-------------
         (1)  Includes construction loans which the Association reclassifies as
permanent loans once the construction phase is completed.

         The total amount of loans due after June 30, 2002 which have fixed
interest rates is $56.9 million, while the total amount of loans due after such
dates which have floating or adjustable interest rates is $19.7 million.




                                       5
<PAGE>

         ONE-TO-FOUR FAMILY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LENDING. Loans of this type are
generated by the Company's marketing efforts, its present customers, walk-in
customers and referrals from real estate agents and builders. The Company
focuses its lending efforts primarily on the origination of loans secured by
first mortgages on owner-occupied, one-to-four family residences. At June 30,
2001, the Company's one-to-four family residential mortgage loans totaled $55.2
million, or approximately 61.8% of the Company's total gross loan portfolio.

         The Company currently offers ARM payment and fixed-rate mortgage loans.
During the year ended June 30, 2001, the Association originated $1.0 million of
adjustable-rate real estate loans, which were secured by one-to-four family
residential real estate. During the same period, the Company originated $12.1
million of fixed-rate real estate loans, secured by one-to-four family
residential real estate. The Company's one-to-four family residential mortgage
originations are primarily in its market and surrounding areas, and no such
loans were sold during the three year period ended June 30, 2001.

         The Company currently originates up to a maximum of 30-year,
fixed-rate, one-to-four family residential mortgage loans in amounts up to 90%
of the appraised value of the security property provided that private mortgage
insurance is obtained in an amount sufficient to reduce the Company's exposure
to at or below the 80% loan-to-value level. The Company may consider raising the
loan-to-value ratio in the future as regulations permit. Due to consumer demand,
the Company also has offered fixed-rate 10- through 15-year mortgage loans, most
of which conform to secondary market standards (i.e., Federal National Mortgage
Association ("FNMA"), Government National Mortgage Association ("GNMA"), and
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC") standards).

         Interest rates charged on these fixed-rate loans are priced according
to market conditions, although management does not currently anticipate offering
rates at the most competitive end of the market. Residential loans generally do
not include prepayment penalties. As with all loans the Company originates, the
Company retains its fixed-rate loans in its portfolio.

         The Company also currently offers thirty year amortization ARM loans
with interest rate adjustments occurring after one, and to a lesser extent,
three, five and seven year terms with an interest rate margin generally 300
basis points over one year Treasury rates. These loans have a fixed-rate for the
stated period and, thereafter, such loans adjust periodically, pursuant to the
contractual term. These loans provide for up to a 100 basis point annual cap and
a lifetime cap of 600 basis points over the initial rate although the bulk of
the Association's ARMs are estimated by management to have 500 basis point
lifetime caps. Under the current ARM program, a 500 basis point lifetime cap is
being utilized. Under the contractual terms, the majority of such loans do not
adjust below the initial rate. As a consequence of using an initial fixed-rate
and caps, the interest rates on these loans may not be as rate sensitive as is
the Association's cost of funds. The Company's ARMs do not permit negative
amortization of principal. The Association generally qualifies borrowers above
the fully indexed rate.

         In underwriting one-to-four family residential real estate loans, State
Federal evaluates, among other things, both the borrower's ability to make
monthly payments and the value of the property securing the loan. Currently, all
properties securing real estate loans made by State Federal are appraised by
independent fee appraisers approved by the Board of Directors or by in-house
appraisers. State Federal generally requires borrowers to obtain an attorney's
title opinion, and fire and property insurance (including flood insurance, if
necessary) in an amount not less than the amount of the loan. State Federal now
requires title insurance. Real estate loans originated by the Association
generally contain a "due on sale" clause allowing the Association to declare the
unpaid principal balance due and payable upon the sale of the security property.

         MULTI-FAMILY AND COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE LENDING. The Company has also
engaged in commercial and multi-family real estate lending in its market area
and surrounding areas and has purchased participation interests in such loans
from other financial institutions throughout Iowa. At June 30, 2001, the Company
had $31.2 million of commercial and multi-family real estate loans, which
represented 35.0% of the Company's gross loan portfolio. There were four
multi-family and commercial real estate loans 30-89 days delinquent and three
non-performing loans totaling $1.1 million and $517,000, respective (five of the
loans were on properties located in the Des Moines area, one in Iowa City and
one commercial property located in Illinois). The commercial property in
Illinois for


                                       6
<PAGE>

$705,000 is paying as agreed and now current. The Company had multi-family and
commercial real estate loans, with an aggregate balance of $9.5 million at June
30, 2001, secured by real estate located in Texas, Colorado, Nebraska,
Minnesota, Nevada, California, Illinois, Wisconsin and Florida.

         Loans secured by commercial and multi-family real estate properties are
generally larger and involve a greater degree of credit risk than one-to-four
family residential mortgage loans. Because payments on loans secured by
commercial real estate properties are often dependent on the successful
operation or management of the properties, repayment of such loans may be
subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. If the
cash flow from the project is reduced (for example, if leases are not obtained
or renewed), the borrower's ability to repay the loan may be impaired.

         The Company's commercial and multi-family real estate loan portfolio is
secured primarily by apartment buildings and office buildings and, to a lesser
extent, strip shopping centers, motels, nursing homes and churches. Multi-family
and commercial real estate loans generally have terms that do not exceed 30
years. The Company has a variety of rate adjustment features and other terms in
its commercial and multi-family real estate loan portfolio. Generally, the loans
are made in amounts up to 80% of the appraised value of the security property.
Multi-family and commercial real estate loans provide for a margin over a
designated index which is generally the one-year Treasury bill rate. The Company
currently analyzes the financial condition of the borrower, the borrower's
credit history, and the reliability and predictability of the cash flow
generated by the property securing the loan. The Company requires personal
guaranties of the borrowers. Appraisals on properties securing commercial real
estate loans originated by the Association are performed by independent
appraisers.

         The following table breaks out the Company's commercial loan portfolio
by type of loan at the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 June 30,
                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                2001               2000                1999
                                        -------------------  ------------------  ----------------
                                                               (In Thousands)
            <S>                                  <C>                <C>               <C>
            Multi-family ..............           $10,956            $9,388            $9,222
            Nursing homes .............             2,030             1,653             1,697
            Churches ..................               525               598             1,129
            Motels ....................             6,037             5,097             3,321
            Shopping Centers ..........             1,305             2,056             1,136
            Commercial Buildings ......            10,390            12,279             7,835
                                                  -------           -------           -------
                 Total ................           $31,243           $31,071           $24,340
                                                  =======           =======           =======
</TABLE>

         This portfolio grew by $172,000 from fiscal 2000 to fiscal 2001, and
the portfolio comprised 35 percent of total loans in fiscal 2001 compared to 36
percent of total loans in fiscal 2000.

         CONSTRUCTION LENDING. The Company engages in limited amounts of
construction lending to individuals for the construction of their residences as
well as to builders for the construction of single family homes and commercial
properties in the Company's primary market area and surrounding areas. At June
30, 2001, the Company had $1.3 million of gross construction loans.

         Construction loans to individuals for their residences are structured
to be converted to permanent loans at the end of the construction phase, which
typically runs for twelve months. During the construction phase, the borrower
pays interest only. Residential construction loans are generally underwritten
pursuant to the same guidelines used for originating permanent residential
loans.

         All construction loans to builders require payment of interest only for
up to 12 months. At June 30, 2001, all of the Company's construction loans were
performing in accordance with their repayment terms.

                                       7
<PAGE>

         Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs
and the market for the project upon completion, it is relatively difficult to
evaluate accurately the total loan funds required to complete a project, the
related loan-to-value ratios and the likelihood of ultimate success of the
project. Construction loans to borrowers other than owner-occupants also involve
many of the same risks discussed above regarding multi-family and commercial
real estate loans and tend to be more sensitive to general economic conditions
than many other types of loans. Also, the funding of loan fees and interest
during the construction phase makes the monitoring of the progress of the
project particularly important, as customary early warning signals of project
difficulties may not be present.

         CONSUMER LENDING. To a lesser extent, State Federal offers secured
consumer loans, including auto loans, home equity loans, and loans secured by
savings deposits. The Association currently originates all of its consumer loans
in its primary market area. The Association originates consumer loans on a
direct basis by extending credit directly to the borrower.

         Consumer loans may entail greater credit risk than do residential
mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans which are unsecured.
In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not
provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance as a
result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss or depreciation. In addition,
consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower's continuing financial
stability, and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal
circumstances. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws,
including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be
recovered on such loans. At June 30, 2001, eight auto loans totaling $52,600 in
the consumer loan portfolio were non-performing. There can be no assurance as to
the delinquencies in the future.

         The largest component of State Federal's consumer loan portfolio
consists of auto loans. At June 30, 2001, such loans totaled $1.3 million or
approximately 1.5% of the Association's gross loan portfolio. During the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2001, the Association originated $1.1 million in auto loans
as compared to $814,000 originated in the same period ended June 30, 2000. At
June 30, 2001, the Association's consumer loan portfolio totaled $1.6 million or
1.8% of its total gross loan portfolio.

         Consumer loan terms vary according to the type and value of collateral,
length of contract and creditworthiness of the borrower. Loans secured by
deposit accounts at the Association are currently originated for up to 90% of
the account balance with a hold placed on the account restricting the withdrawal
of the account balance. The interest rate on such loans is typically equal to
200 basis points above the deposit contract rate.

         The underwriting standards employed by the Association for consumer
loans, other than loans secured by deposits, include an application, a
determination of the applicant's payment history on other debts and an
assessment of ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed
loan. Although creditworthiness of the applicant is a primary consideration, the
underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the security, if
any, in relation to the proposed loan amount.

ORIGINATIONS AND PURCHASES OF LOANS

         Real estate loans are generally originated by State Federal's staff of
salaried loan officers. Loan applications are taken and processed in the office
and the branch of the Association.

         While the Company originates both adjustable-rate and fixed-rate loans,
its ability to originate loans is dependent upon the relative customer demand
for loans in its market. Demand is affected by the interest rate environment.
The Company is currently a portfolio lender.

         In fiscal 2001, the Company originated $18.2 million of loans, compared
to $18.0 million and $16.6 million in fiscal 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Principal repayments in fiscal 2001 increased by $10.5 million from $8.2 million
in fiscal 2000.

                                       8
<PAGE>

         In periods of economic uncertainty, the ability of financial
institutions, including State Federal, to originate large dollar volumes of real
estate loans may be substantially reduced or restricted, with a resultant
decrease in related loan origination fees, other fee income and operating
earnings.

         The following table shows the loan origination, purchase and repayment
activities of the Company for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended June 30,
                                                           ------------------------------------------
                                                               2001            2000          1999
                                                           -------------- -------------- ------------
                                                                         (In Thousands)
Originations by type:
---------------------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>             <C>
 Adjustable rate:
  Real estate - one-to-four family ................             $   896       $ 1,585         $ 2,093
              - multifamily and commercial ........               1,416           ---             ---
  Non-real estate - consumer ......................                 ---           ---             ---
                                                                -------       -------         -------
         Total adjustable-rate ....................               2,312         1,585           2,093
 Fixed rate:
  Real estate - one-to-four family ................              12,069        12,873           9,077
              - multifamily and commercial ........               2,486         2,236           4,396
  Non-real estate - consumer ......................               1,314         1,317           1,034

         Total fixed-rate .........................              15,869        16,426          14,507
                                                                -------       -------         -------
         Total loans originated ...................              18,181        18,011          16,600

Purchases:
---------
  Real estate - one-to-four family                              $   ---       $   ---         $   ---
              - commercial ........................               2,472         5,238           2,416
  Non-real estate - consumer ......................                 ---           ---             ---
                                                                -------       -------         -------
         Total loans ..............................               2,472         5,238           2,416
  Mortgage-backed securities ......................                 ---           ---             ---
                                                                -------       -------         -------
         Total purchases ..........................               2,472         5,238           2,416
                                                                -------       -------         -------

Repayments:
----------
  Principal repayments ............................            $ 18,713       $ 8,232         $17,650
                                                               --------       -------         -------
         Total reductions .........................              18,713         8,232          17,650
                                                               --------       -------         -------
Increase (decrease) in other items,
 net ..............................................               (614)         (775)           1,985
                                                               --------       -------         -------
         Net increase (decrease) ..................            $ 1,326        $14,242         $ 3,351
                                                               ========       =======         =======
</TABLE>

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS AND CLASSIFIED ASSETS

         When a borrower fails to make a required payment on real estate secured
loans and consumer loans at fifteen days a late charge is automatically assessed
and a notice is sent. At 30 days after the payment is due, the Company generally
institutes collection procedures by mailing a delinquency notice. The customer
is contacted again, by notice and/or telephone, when the payment is 60 days past
due. In most cases, delinquencies are cured promptly; however, if a loan secured
by real estate or other collateral has been delinquent for more than 90 days,
satisfactory payment arrangements must be adhered to or the Company will
initiate foreclosure or repossession.

         Generally, when a loan becomes delinquent 90 days or more or when the
collection of principal or interest becomes doubtful, the Company will place the
loan on a non-accrual status and, as a result, previously accrued interest
income on the loan is taken out of current income. The loan will remain on a
non-accrual status as long as the loan is 90 days delinquent.

                                       9
<PAGE>

         The following table sets forth information concerning delinquent
mortgage and other loans at June 30, 2001. The amounts presented represent the
total remaining principal balances of the related loans, rather than the actual
payment amounts which are overdue.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Real Estate
                                             -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         Commercial and
                                                      One-to-four family                  Multi-family
                                             ----------------------------------  -----------------------------------
                                               Number      Amount     Percent      Number      Amount      Percent
                                             ----------  ---------- -----------  ----------  ----------  -----------
                                                                     (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                             <C>      <C>            <C>           <C>      <C>         <C>
Loans delinquent for:

 30-59 days ..............................        27       $ 1,742        3.16%         3        $392        1.25%
 60-89 days ..............................        10           725        1.31          1         705        2.26
 90 days and over ........................        19         1,580        2.86          3         517        1.65
                                                  --       -------        ----         --        ----

     Total delinquent loans ..............        56       $ 4,047        7.33%         7      $1,614        5.16%
                                                 ===       =======       -----         ==      ======        -----
</TABLE>

         At June 30, 2001 there were 8 delinquent consumer loans totaling
$52,600. The ratio of delinquent loans to total loans (net) was 0.06% at
June 30, 2001.

         The table below sets forth the amounts and categories of non-performing
assets in the Association's loan portfolio at the dates indicated. Loans are
generally placed on non-accrual status when the collection of principal and/or
interest become doubtful or when the loan is in excess of 90 days delinquent.
Foreclosed assets include assets acquired in settlement of loans.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            June 30,
                                                        -----------------------------------------------
                                                             2001            2000              1999
                                                        -------------    ------------     -------------
                                                                     (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>
Non-accruing loans:
  One-to-four family                                       $   1,218       $    717         $   ---
  Multi-family and commercial real estate                         48            ---             ---
  Consumer                                                        53             14             ---
                                                           ---------       --------         -------
     Total                                                     1,319            731             ---

Accruing loans delinquent more than 90 days:
  One-to-four family                                             362            244             353
  Multi-family and commercial real estate                        469            ---             525
                                                           ---------       --------         -------
     Total                                                       831            244             878

Foreclosed assets:
  One-to-four family                                             ---            ---             345
  Multi-family and commercial real estate                      1,320          1,338             788
                                                           ---------       --------         -------
     Total                                                     1,320          1,338           1,133

Total non-performing assets                                $   3,470       $  2,313         $ 2,011
                                                           =========       ========         =======
Total as a percentage of total assets                           3.23%          2.30%           2.21%
                                                           =========       ========         =======
</TABLE>

         NON-PERFORMING ASSETS. Included in total non-performing assets are 19
mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family dwellings totaling $1.6 million and
eight consumer auto loans for $52,600. One loan totaling $1.3 million on a
commercial building acquired in settlement of loans, and has been sold on
contract with closing scheduled for July 2001.

         CLASSIFIED ASSETS. Federal regulations provide for the classification
of loans and other assets such as debt and equity securities considered by the
OTS to be of lesser quality as "substandard," "doubtful" or "loss." An asset

                                       10
<PAGE>

is considered "substandard" if it is inadequately protected by the current net
worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.
"Substandard" assets include those characterized by the "distinct possibility"
that the savings association will sustain "some loss" if the deficiencies are
not corrected. Assets classified as "doubtful" have all of the weaknesses
inherent in those classified "substandard," with the added characteristic that
the weaknesses present make "collection or liquidation in full," on the basis of
currently existing facts, conditions, and values, "highly questionable and
improbable." Assets classified as "loss" are those considered "uncollectible"
and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the
establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted.

         When a savings association classifies problem assets as either
substandard or doubtful, it may establish general allowances for loan losses in
an amount deemed prudent by management. General allowances represent loss
allowances which have been established to recognize the inherent risk associated
with lending activities, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been
allocated to particular problem assets. When a savings association classifies
problem assets as "loss," it is required either to establish a specific
allowance for losses equal to 100% of that portion of the asset so classified or
to charge-off such amount. An association's determination as to the
classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is
subject to review by the association's District Director at the regional OTS
office, who may order the establishment of additional general or specific loss
allowances.

         In connection with the filing of its periodic reports with the OTS and
in accordance with its classification of assets policy, the Association
regularly reviews the loans in its portfolio to determine whether any loans
require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. On the basis
of management's review of its assets, at June 30, 2001, the Association had
classified a total of $1.6 million of its assets as substandard, none were
classified as doubtful, and none were classified as loss.

         At June 30, 2001, total classified assets comprised $1.6 million or
22.6% of the Association's capital, or 1.6% of the Association's total assets.

         At June 30, 2001 the Association had a total of $1.3 million in
property acquired in settlement of loans, which consisted of commercial real
estate. The property has been sold on contract with closing scheduled for July
2001.

         ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES. The allowance for loan losses is established
through a provision for loan losses based on management's evaluation of the risk
inherent in its loan portfolio and changes in the nature and volume of its loan
activity. Such evaluation, which includes a review of loans for which full
collectibility may not be reasonably assured, considers among other matters the
estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, economic conditions,
historical loan loss experience and other factors that warrant recognition in
providing for an adequate loan allowance.

         Real estate properties acquired through foreclosure are recorded at
fair value. If fair value at the date of foreclosure is lower than the balance
of the related loan, the difference will be charged-off to the allowance at the
time of transfer. Valuations are periodically updated by management and if the
value declines, a specific provision for losses on such property is established
by a charge to operations.

         Although management believes that it uses the best information
available to determine the allowances, unforeseen market conditions could result
in adjustments and net earnings could be significantly affected if circumstances
differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the final
determination. Future additions to the Company's allowances will be the result
of periodic loan, property and collateral reviews and thus cannot be predicted
in advance. At June 30, 2001, the Company had a total allowance for loan losses
of $382,000 or 0.43% of loans receivable, net. See Notes A and E of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Annual Report to
Stockholders attached hereto as Exhibit 13.

                                       11
<PAGE>

         The following table sets forth an analysis of the Association's
allowance for loan losses.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Year Ended June 30,
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001                  2000                 1999
                                                       ---------------------  --------------------  ------------------
                                                                             (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Balance at beginning of period ........................         $259                $242                $206

Charge-offs ...........................................          (28)                (19)                ---
Recoveries ............................................          ---                 ---                 ---
                                                                ----                ----                ----
Net charge-offs .......................................          (28)                (19)                ---
Transfer to allowance for decline in
   value of foreclosed real estate ....................          ---                 ---                 ---
Additions charged to operations .......................          151                  36                  36
                                                                ----                ----                ----
Balance at end of period ..............................         $382                $259                $242
                                                                ====                ====                ====

Ratio of net charge-offs during the period to average
   loans outstanding during the period ................         0.03%               0.02%                ---%
                                                                ====                ====                ====

Ratio of net charge-offs during the period to average
   non-performing assets ..............................         0.96%               1.04%                ---%
                                                                ====                ====                ====
</TABLE>

         The distribution of the Association's allowance for losses on loans at
the dates indicated is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    June 30
                            --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2001                            2000                           1999
                            ----------------------            ----------------------         ---------------------
                                          Percent                           Percent                       Percent
                                          of Loans                          of Loans                      of Loans
                                          in Each                           in Each                       in Each
                                          Category                          Category                      Category
                                          to Total                          to Total                      to Total
                             Amount        Loans               Amount         Loans           Amount        Loans
                            ---------    ---------            ---------    ---------         ---------   ---------
                                                            (Dollars In thousands)
<S>                        <C>          <C>                  <C>         <C>                  <C>       <C>
One- to four- family .....    $165         61.77%               $99         61.95%               $69       62.55%
Multi-family and
   commercial real
   estate ................     198         34.97               144          35.59                 61       32.97
Construction                   ---          1.46               ---           0.83                 --        2.74
Consumer and
   unsecured .............      19          1.80                16           1.63                 12        1.74
Unallocated ..............     ---           ---               ---            ---                100         ---
                             -----        ------             -----         ------               ----      ------
     Total ...............   $ 382        100.00%            $ 259         100.00%              $242      100.00%
                             =====        ======             =====         ======               ====      ======

</TABLE>

                                       12
<PAGE>

INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES

         State Federal must maintain minimum levels of investments that qualify
as liquid assets under OTS regulations. Liquidity may increase or decrease
depending upon the availability of funds and comparative yields on investments
in relation to the return on loans. Historically, the Association has generally
maintained its liquid assets above the minimum requirements imposed by the OTS
regulations and at a level believed adequate to meet requirements of normal
daily activities, repayment of maturing debt and potential deposit outflows. The
Association's investment policy objective in this regard sets the Association's
desired liquidity between 6% and 12%. As of June 30, 2001, the Association's
liquidity ratio (liquid assets as a percentage of net withdrawable savings
deposits and current borrowings) was 11.2%. See "Regulation - Liquidity."

         Federally chartered savings institutions have the authority to invest
in various types of liquid assets, including United States Treasury obligations,
securities of various federal agencies, certain certificates of deposit of
insured banks and savings institutions, certain bankers' acceptances, repurchase
agreements and federal funds. Subject to various restrictions, federally
chartered savings institutions may also invest their assets in commercial paper,
investment grade corporate debt securities and mutual funds whose assets conform
to the investments that a federally chartered savings institution is otherwise
authorized to make directly.

         Generally, the investment policy of the Association is to invest funds
among various categories of investments and maturities based upon the
Association's need for liquidity, to achieve the proper balance between its
desire to minimize risk and maximize yield, to provide collateral for
borrowings, and to fulfill the Association's asset/liability management
policies.

         CASH AND INVESTMENTS IN CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT AND OTHER INVESTMENTS.
At June 30, 2001, the Company's cash and interest-bearing deposits in other
financial institutions totaled $7.3 million, or 6.78% of its total assets.
Certificates of deposits invested in other institutions totaled $297,000 or .27%
of its total assets. The Association has a $1.8 million investment in the common
stock of the FHLB of Des Moines in order to satisfy the requirement for
membership in such institution. The Company has $1.6 million or 1.48% of its
total assets invested in corporate securities, which includes preferred common
stocks. The Company has $306,000 or .28% of its assets invested in federal
agency securities and municipal bonds. See Note D of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in the Annual Report to Stockholders attached hereto as
Exhibit 13.

         OTS regulations restrict investments in corporate debt and most equity
securities by the Association. These restrictions include prohibitions against
investments in the federal agency debt securities of any one issuer in excess of
15% of the Association's unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus as defined by
federal regulations, plus an additional 10% if the investments are fully secured
by readily marketable collateral. See "Regulation - Federal Regulation of
Savings Associations" for a discussion of additional restrictions on the
Association's investment activities.


                                       13
<PAGE>

         The following table sets forth the composition of the Bank's investment
portfolio at the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        June 30,
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            2001                         2000                         1999
                                                   ---------------------         ---------------------        ----------------------
                                                      Book         % of             Book         % of            Book         % of
                                                      Value       Value             Value       Value            Value        Value
                                                   ---------------------         ---------------------        ----------------------
                                                                                 (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>
Investment Securities:
     Corporate equity securities .................   $1,619       43.92%          $1,685        45.59%          $1,438        46.51%
     Federal agency debt securities ..............      204        5.54              446        12.07              406        13.13
     Municipal bonds .............................      101        2.74              100         2.70              100         3.23
FHLB stock .......................................    1,762       47.80            1,465        39.64            1,148        37.13
                                                      -----       -----            -----        -----            -----        -----
     Total investment securities and FHLB
      stock ......................................   $3,686      100.00%          $3,696       100.00%          $3,092       100.00%
                                                     ======      ======           ======       ======           ======       ======

Other Interest-Earning Assets:
  Interest-bearing deposits with banks ...........   $6,691       95.75%          $2,196        81.58%          $8,212        90.28%
  Certificates of deposit invested
   in other institutions .........................      297        4.25              496        18.42              884         9.72
                                                      -----       -----            -----        -----            -----        -----
     Total .......................................   $6,988      100.00%          $2,692       100.00%          $9,096       100.00%
                                                     ======      ======           ======       ======           ======       ======
Average remaining life or term to repricing of
    certificates of deposit ......................   1-1/2 years                   2 years                      1 year
</TABLE>

Contractual maturities of federal agency debt securities and municipal bonds are
shown below:

                                                              June 30, 2001
                                                          ----------------------
                                                                       Weighted
                                                             Book      Average
                                                             Value      Yield
                                                          ----------- ----------
                                                          (Dollars in Thousands)
              Due in one year or less                        $ ---        ---%
              Due after one year through five years            ---        ---
              Due after five years through ten years           305       6.48
              Due after ten years                              ---
                                                             -----
                                                             $ 305
                                                             =====

                                       14
<PAGE>

                                SOURCES OF FUNDS

         GENERAL. The Company's primary sources of funds are deposits,
borrowings, repayment of loan principal, sales of loan participations, maturing
investments in certificates of deposit, and funds provided from operations.

         Borrowings, consisting of FHLB advances, may be used at times to
compensate for seasonal reductions in deposits or deposit inflows at less than
projected levels, and may be used on a longer-term basis to support expanded
lending activities.

         DEPOSITS. State Federal offers a variety of deposit accounts having a
wide range of interest rates and terms. The Association's deposits consist of
passbook savings accounts, NOW and money market accounts, and certificate
accounts ranging in terms from three months to 60 months. The Association only
solicits deposits from its market area and does not currently use brokers to
obtain deposits. The Association relies primarily on competitive pricing
policies, advertising and customer service to attract and retain these deposits.

         The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic
conditions, changes in money market and prevailing interest rates, and
competition.

         The variety of deposit accounts offered by the Association has allowed
it to be competitive in obtaining funds and to respond with flexibility to
changes in consumer demand. The Association has become more susceptible to
short-term fluctuations in deposit flows, as customers have become more interest
rate conscious. The ability of the Association to attract and maintain
certificate of deposit accounts and the rates paid on these deposits has been
and will continue to be significantly affected by market conditions.

         The following table sets forth the savings flows at the Association
during the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Year Ended June 30,
                                         ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2001              2000                1999
                                         ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                             <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Opening balance ........................           $53,648             $54,713             $53,672
Deposits ...............................            80,230              66,932              66,888
Withdrawals ............................          (73,984)            (70,762)            (68,735)
Interest credited ......................             3,093               2,765               2,888
                                                     -----               -----               -----

Ending balance .........................           $62,987             $53,648             $54,713
                                                   =======             =======             =======

Net increase (decrease) ................            $9,339            $(1,065)              $1,041
                                                    ======            =======               ======

Percent increase (decrease) ............              17.4%             (1.95%)               1.94%
                                                      ====               ====                 ====
</TABLE>


                                       15
<PAGE>

         The following table indicates the amount of the Association's
certificates of deposit and other deposits by time remaining until maturity as
of June 30, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Maturity
                                             ----------------------------------------------------
                                                               Over        Over
                                               3 Months       3 to 6      6 to 12        Over
                                               or Less        Months       Months       12 Months     Total
                                             ------------  -----------  -----------   -----------  -----------
                                                                (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
Certificates of deposit less
 than $100,000 ...............................   $6,097       $11,183      $10,292       $14,986     $42,558
Certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more ..    1,345         3,254        1,843         2,736       9,178
                                                 ------       -------      -------       -------     -------
Total certificates of deposit ................   $7,442       $14,437      $12,135       $17,722     $51,736
                                                 ======       =======      =======       =======     =======
</TABLE>

         BORROWINGS. Although deposits are the Association's primary source of
funds, the Association's policy has been to utilize borrowings when they are a
less costly source of funds, can be invested at a positive interest rate spread
or when the Association desires additional capacity to fund loan demand.

         State Federal's borrowings historically have consisted of advances from
the FHLB of Des Moines upon the security of a blanket collateral agreement of a
percentage of unencumbered loans. Such advances can be made pursuant to several
different credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of
maturities. At June 30, 2001, the Association had $29.2 million in FHLB
advances.

         At June 30, 2001, the Association had no repurchase agreements or other
borrowings not mentioned above outstanding.

         The following table sets forth certain information including the
maximum month-end balance and average balance of FHLB advances at the dates
indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Year Ended June 30,
                                                        -----------------------------------------------
                                                              2001            2000           1999
                                                        -----------------------------------------------
                                                                     (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>              <C>            <C>
Maximum Balance:
---------------
  FHLB advances                                              $35,235          $29,284        $19,000
                                                             =======          =======        =======

Average Balance:
---------------
  FHLB advances                                              $32,543          $21,716        $18,918
                                                             =======          =======        =======

 Weighted average interest rate of FHLB advances                5.21%            6.31%          5.70%
                                                                ====             ====           ====
</TABLE>



                                       16
<PAGE>

SERVICE CORPORATION ACTIVITIES

         Federal associations generally may invest up to 2% of their assets in
service corporations plus an additional 1% of assets if used for community
purposes. In addition, federal associations may invest up to 50% of their
regulatory capital in conforming loans to their service corporations. In
addition to investments in service corporations, federal associations are
permitted to invest an unlimited amount in operating subsidiaries engaged solely
in activities in which a federal association may engage directly.

         State Federal has one subsidiary which is a service corporation, State
Service Corporation, located in Des Moines, Iowa. State Service Corporation was
organized by State Federal in 1976. State Service Corporation owns and operates
a 60-unit apartment complex, in Pleasant Hill, Iowa.

         During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, State Service Corporation's
gross revenues from property management activities (consisting of rental income)
totaled approximately $331,700 and expenses (consisting of depreciation,
interest, property taxes, insurance, management fees, and maintenance) were
$270,450. Income tax expense totaled $30,000 for 2001. State Service Corporation
has not had significant capital expenditures with regard to its real estate
operation over the past three fiscal years. Revenues from State Service
Corporation's interest income on real estate contracts totaled $17,650.


                                   REGULATION

GENERAL

         State Federal is a federally chartered savings and loan association,
the deposits of which are federally insured and backed by the full faith and
credit of the United States Government. Accordingly, State Federal is subject to
broad federal regulation and oversight extending to all its operations. The
Association is a member of the FHLB of Des Moines and is subject to certain
limited regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
("Federal Reserve Board"). As the savings and loan holding company of State
Federal, the Holding Company also is subject to federal regulation and
oversight. The purpose of the regulation of the Holding Company and other
holding companies is to protect subsidiary savings associations. The Association
is a member of the Savings Association Insurance Fund ("SAIF"), which together
with the Bank Insurance Fund (the "BIF") are the two deposit insurance funds
administered by the FDIC, and the deposits of the Association are insured by the
FDIC. As a result, the FDIC has certain regulatory and examination authority
over State Federal.

         Certain of these regulatory requirements and restrictions are discussed
below or elsewhere in this document.

FEDERAL REGULATION OF SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS

         The OTS has extensive authority over the operations of savings
associations. As part of this authority, State Federal is required to file
periodic reports with the OTS and is subject to periodic examinations by the OTS
and the FDIC. The last regular examination of State Federal was as of March 31,
2001. When these examinations are conducted by the OTS and the FDIC, the
examiners may require the Association to provide for higher general or specific
loan loss reserves. All savings associations are subject to a semi-annual
assessment, based upon the savings association's total assets, to fund the
operations of the OTS. The Association's OTS assessment for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2001 was approximately $27,800.

         The OTS also has extensive enforcement authority over all savings
institutions and their holding companies, including State Federal and the
Holding Company. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the
ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal
orders and to initiate injunctive actions. In general, these enforcement actions
may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and

                                       17
<PAGE>

unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the basis
for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely reports filed with the
OTS. Except under certain circumstances, public disclosure of final enforcement
actions by the OTS is required.

         In addition, the investment, lending and branching authority of the
Association is prescribed by federal law and it is prohibited from engaging in
any activities not permitted by such laws. For instance, no savings institution
may invest in non-investment grade corporate debt securities. In addition, the
permissible level of investment by federal associations in loans secured by
non-residential real property may not exceed 400% of total capital, except with
approval of the OTS. Federal savings associations are also generally authorized
to branch nationwide. State Federal is in compliance with the noted
restrictions.

         The Association's general permissible lending limit for
loans-to-one-borrower is equal to the greater of $500,000 or 15% of unimpaired
capital and surplus (except for loans fully secured by certain readily
marketable collateral, in which case this limit is increased to 25% of
unimpaired capital and surplus). At June 30, 2001, the Association's lending
limit under this restriction was approximately $1.6 million.

         The OTS, as well as the other federal banking agencies, has adopted
guidelines establishing safety and soundness standards on such matters as loan
underwriting and documentation, internal controls and audit systems, interest
rate risk exposure and compensation and other employee benefits. Any institution
which fails to comply with these standards must submit a compliance plan. A
failure to submit a plan or to comply with an approved plan will subject the
institution to further enforcement action.

INSURANCE OF ACCOUNTS AND REGULATION BY THE FDIC

         State Federal is a member of the SAIF, which is administered by the
FDIC. Deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC and such
insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States
Government. As insurer, the FDIC imposes deposit insurance premiums and is
authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by FDIC-insured
institutions. It also may prohibit any FDIC-insured institution from engaging in
any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious risk
to the SAIF or the BIF. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate enforcement
actions against savings associations, after giving the OTS an opportunity to
take such action, and may terminate the deposit insurance if it determines that
the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, or is in an unsafe
or unsound condition.

         The FDIC's deposit insurance premiums are assessed through a risk-based
system, under which all insured depository institutions are placed into one of
nine categories and assessed insurance premiums based upon their level of
capital and supervisory evaluation. Under the system, institutions classified as
well capitalized (i.e., a core capital ratio of at least 5%, a ratio of Tier 1
or core capital to risk-weighted assets ("Tier 1 risk-based capital") of at
least 6% and a risk-based capital ratio of at least 10%) and considered healthy
pay the lowest premium while institutions that are less than adequately
capitalized (i.e., core or Tier 1 risk-based capital ratios of less than 4% or a
risk-based capital ratio of less than 8%) and considered of substantial
supervisory concern pay the highest premium. Risk classification of all insured
institutions will be made by the FDIC for each semi-annual assessment period. As
of June 30, 2001, the Association met the requirements of a well-capitalized
institution.

         The premium schedule for BIF and SAIF insured institutions ranged from
0 to 27 basis points. However, SAIF insured institutions and BIF insured
institutions are required to pay a Financing Corporation assessment in order to
fund the interest on bonds issued to resolve thrift failures in the 1980s. This
amount is currently equal to about 1.88 points for each $100 in domestic
deposits for BIF and SAIF insured institutions. These assessments, which may be
revised based upon the level of BIF and SAIF deposits, will continue until the
bonds mature in 2017 through 2019.

REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

         Federally insured savings associations, such as the Association, are
required to maintain a minimum level of regulatory capital. The OTS has
established capital standards, including a tangible capital requirement, a

                                       18
<PAGE>

leverage ratio (or core capital) requirement and a risk-based capital
requirement applicable to such savings associations. These capital requirements
must be generally as stringent as the comparable capital requirements for
national banks. The OTS is also authorized to impose capital requirements in
excess of these standards on individual associations on a case-by-case basis.

         The capital regulations require tangible capital of at least 1.5% of
adjusted total assets (as defined by regulation). Tangible capital generally
includes common stockholders' equity and retained income, and certain
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related income. In addition, all
intangible assets, other than a limited amount of purchased mortgage servicing
rights, must be deducted from tangible capital for calculating compliance with
the requirement.

         The OTS regulations establish special capitalization requirements for
savings associations that own subsidiaries. In determining compliance with the
capital requirements, all subsidiaries engaged solely in activities permissible
for national banks or engaged in certain other activities solely as agent for
its customers are "includable" subsidiaries that are consolidated for capital
purposes in proportion to the association's level of ownership. For excludable
subsidiaries, the debt and equity investments in such subsidiaries are deducted
from assets and capital.

         At June 30, 2001 the Association had tangible capital of $6.0 million,
or 5.87% of adjusted total assets, which is approximately $4.4 million above the
minimum requirement of 1.5% of adjusted total assets in effect on that date.

         The capital standards also require core capital equal to at least 3% to
4% of adjusted total assets depending on an institution's rating. Core capital
generally consists of tangible capital plus certain intangible assets, including
a limited amount of purchased credit card relationships. As a result of the
prompt corrective action provisions discussed below, however, a savings
association must maintain a core capital ratio of at least 4% to be considered
adequately capitalized unless its supervisory condition is such to allow it to
maintain a 3% ratio.

         At June 30, 2001, the Association had core capital equal to $6.0
million, or 5.87% of adjusted total assets, which is $1.9 million above the
minimum leverage ratio requirement of 4% as in effect on that date.

         The OTS risk-based requirement requires savings associations to have
total capital of at least 8% of risk-weighted assets. Total capital consists of
core capital, as defined above, and supplementary capital. Supplementary capital
consists of certain permanent and maturing capital instruments that do not
qualify as core capital and general valuation loan and lease loss allowances up
to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets. Supplementary capital may be used
to satisfy the risk-based requirement only to the extent of core capital. The
OTS is also authorized to require a savings association to maintain an
additional amount of total capital to account for concentration of credit risk
and the risk of non-traditional activities. At June 30, 2001, State Federal had
no capital instruments that qualify as supplementary capital but had $382,000 of
general loss reserves, which was less than .59% of risk-weighted assets.

         Certain exclusions from capital and assets are required to be made for
the purpose of calculating total capital. Such exclusions consist of equity
investments (as defined by regulation) and that portion of land loans and
nonresidential construction loans in excess of an 80% loan-to-value ratio and
reciprocal holdings of qualifying capital instruments. State Federal had no such
exclusions from capital and assets at June 30, 2001.

         In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets, all assets,
including certain off-balance sheet items, will be multiplied by a risk weight,
ranging from 0% to 100%, based on the risk inherent in the type of asset. For
example, the OTS has assigned a risk weight of 50% for prudently underwritten
permanent one- to four-family first lien mortgage loans not more than 90 days
delinquent and having a loan to value ratio of not more than 80% at origination
unless insured to such ratio by an insurer approved by the FNMA or FHLMC.

         OTS regulations also require that every savings association with more
than normal interest rate risk exposure to deduct from its total capital, for
purposes of determining compliance with such requirement, an amount

                                       19
<PAGE>

equal to 50% of its interest-rate risk exposure multiplied by the present value
of its assets. This exposure is a measure of the potential decline in the net
portfolio value of a savings association, greater than 2% of the present value
of its assets, based upon a hypothetical 200 basis point increase or decrease in
interest rates (whichever results in a greater decline). Net portfolio value is
the present value of expected cash flows from assets, liabilities and
off-balance sheet contracts. The rule will not become effective until the OTS
evaluates the process by which savings associations may appeal an interest rate
risk deduction determination. It is uncertain when this evaluation may be
completed. Any savings association with less than $300 million in assets and a
total capital ratio in excess of 12% is exempt from this requirement unless the
OTS determines otherwise.

         On June 30, 2001, the Association had total risk-based capital of $6.3
million (including $6.0 million in core capital and $382,000 in qualifying
supplementary capital) and risk-weighted assets of $64.0 million or total
risk-based capital of 9.91% of risk-weighted assets. This amount was $1.2
million above the 8% requirement in effect on that date.

         The OTS and the FDIC are authorized and, under certain circumstances
required, to take certain actions against savings associations that fail to meet
their capital requirements. The OTS is generally required to take action to
restrict the activities of an "undercapitalized association" (generally defined
to be one with less than either a 4% core capital ratio, a 4% Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio or an 8% risk-based capital ratio). Any such association must
submit a capital restoration plan and until such plan is approved by the OTS may
not increase its assets, acquire another institution, establish a branch or
engage in any new activities, and generally may not make capital distributions.
The OTS is authorized to impose the additional restrictions that are applicable
to significantly undercapitalized associations.

         Any savings association that fails to comply with its capital plan or
is "significantly undercapitalized" (i.e., Tier 1 risk-based or core capital
ratios of less than 3% or a risk-based capital ratio of less than 6%) must be
made subject to one or more of additional specified actions and operating
restrictions which may cover all aspects of its operations and include a forced
merger or acquisition of the association. An association that becomes
"critically undercapitalized" (i.e., a tangible capital ratio of 2% or less) is
subject to further mandatory restrictions on its activities in addition to those
applicable to significantly undercapitalized associations. In addition, the OTS
must appoint a receiver (or conservator with the concurrence of the FDIC) for a
savings association, with certain limited exceptions, within 90 days after it
becomes critically undercapitalized. Any undercapitalized association is also
subject to the general enforcement authorities of the OTS or FDIC, including the
appointment of a conservator or a receiver.

         The OTS is also generally authorized to reclassify an association into
a lower capital category and impose the restrictions applicable to such category
if the institution is engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or is in an unsafe
or unsound condition.

         The imposition by the OTS or the FDIC of any of these measures on the
Association may have a substantial adverse effect on the Association's
operations and profitability. Holding Company shareholders do not have
preemptive rights, and therefore, if the Holding Company is directed by the OTS
or the FDIC to issue additional shares of Common Stock, such issuance may result
in the dilution in the percentage of ownership of the Holding Company.

LIMITATIONS ON DIVIDENDS AND OTHER CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS

         OTS regulations impose various restrictions or requirements on savings
associations with respect to their ability to make distributions of capital,
which include dividends, stock redemptions or repurchases, cash-out mergers and
other transactions charged to the capital account. OTS regulations permit a
federal savings association to pay dividends in any calendar year equal to net
income for that year plus retained earnings for the preceding two years.

                                       20
<PAGE>

ACCOUNTING

         An OTS policy statement applicable to all savings associations
clarifies and re-emphasizes that the investment activities of a savings
association must be in compliance with approved and documented investment
policies and strategies, and must be accounted for in accordance with GAAP.
Under the policy statement, management must support its classification of and
accounting for loans and securities (i.e., whether held for investment, sale or
trading) with appropriate documentation. The Association is in compliance with
these amended rules.

         The OTS has adopted an amendment to its accounting regulations, which
may be made more stringent than GAAP by the OTS, to require that transactions be
reported in a manner that best reflects their underlying economic substance and
inherent risk and that financial reports must incorporate any other accounting
regulations or orders prescribed by the OTS.

QUALIFIED THRIFT LENDER TEST

         All savings associations, including the Association, are required to
meet a qualified thrift lender ("QTL") test to avoid certain restrictions on
their operations. This test requires a savings association to have at least 65%
of its portfolio assets (as defined by regulation) in qualified thrift
investments on a monthly average for nine out of every 12 months on a rolling
basis. As an alternative, the Savings Association may maintain 60% of its assets
specified in Section 770(a)(19) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under either test,
such assets primarily consist of residential housing related loans and
investments. At June 30, 2001, the Association met the test and has always met
the test since its effectiveness.

         Any savings association that fails to meet the QTL test must convert to
a national bank charter, unless it requalifies as a QTL and thereafter remains a
QTL. If an association does not requalify and converts to a national bank
charter, it must remain SAIF-insured until the FDIC permits it to transfer to
the BIF. If such an association has not yet requalified or converted to a
national bank, its new investments and activities are limited to those
permissible for both a savings association and a national bank, and it is
limited to national bank branching rights in its home state. In addition, the
association is immediately ineligible to receive any new FHLB borrowings and is
subject to national bank limits for payment of dividends. If such association
has not requalified or converted to a national bank within three years after the
failure, it must divest of all investments and cease all activities not
permissible for a national bank. In addition, it must repay promptly any
outstanding FHLB borrowings, which may result in prepayment penalties. If any
association that fails the QTL test is controlled by a holding company, then
within one year after the failure, the holding company must register as a bank
holding company and become subject to all restrictions on bank holding
companies. See "- Holding Company Regulation."

COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT

         Under the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"), every FDIC insured
institution has a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with safe and
sound banking practices to help meet the credit needs of its entire community,
including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish
specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it
limit an institution's discretion to develop the types of products and services
that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with
the CRA. The CRA requires the OTS, in connection with the examination of State
Federal to assess the institution's record of meeting the credit needs of its
community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain
applications, such as a merger or the establishment of a branch, by State
Federal. An unsatisfactory rating may be used as the basis for the denial of an
application by the OTS.

         The federal banking agencies, including the OTS, have recently revised
the CRA regulations and the methodology for determining an institution's
compliance with the CRA. Due to the heightened attention being given to the CRA
in the past few years, the Association may be required to devote additional
funds for investment and lending in its local community. The Association
examined for CRA compliance in December 1999 and received a rating of
satisfactory.

                                       21
<PAGE>

TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES

         Generally, transactions between a savings association or its
subsidiaries and its affiliates are required to be on terms as favorable to the
association as transactions with non-affiliates. In addition, certain of these
transactions such as loans to an affiliate, are restricted to a percentage of
the association's capital. Affiliates of State Federal include the Holding
Company and any company which is under common control with the Association. In
addition, a savings association may not lend to any affiliate engaged in
activities not permissible for a bank holding company or acquire the securities
of most affiliates. The Association's subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates,
however; the OTS has the discretion to treat subsidiaries of savings
associations as affiliates on a case by case basis.

         Certain transactions with directors, officers or controlling persons
are also subject to conflict of interest regulations enforced by the OTS. These
conflict of interest regulations and other statutes also impose restrictions on
loans to such persons and their related interests. Among other things, such
loans must be made on terms substantially the same as for loans to unaffiliated
individuals.

HOLDING COMPANY REGULATION

         The Holding Company is a unitary savings and loan holding company
subject to regulatory oversight by the OTS. As such, the Holding Company is
required to register and file reports with the OTS and is subject to regulation
and examination by the OTS. In addition, the OTS has enforcement authority over
the Holding Company and its non-savings association subsidiaries which also
permits the OTS to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a
serious risk to the subsidiary savings association.

         As a unitary savings and loan holding company, the Holding Company
generally is not subject to activity restrictions. If the Holding Company
acquires control of another savings association as a separate subsidiary, it
would become a multiple savings and loan holding company, and the activities of
the Holding Company and any of its subsidiaries (other than the Association or
any other SAIF-insured savings association) would become subject to such
restrictions unless such other associations each qualify as a QTL and were
acquired in a supervisory acquisition.

         If the Association fails the QTL test, the Holding Company must obtain
the approval of the OTS prior to continuing after such failure, directly or
through its other subsidiaries, any business activity other than those approved
for multiple savings and loan holding companies or their subsidiaries. In
addition, within one year of such failure the Holding Company must register as,
and will become subject to, the restrictions applicable to bank holding
companies. The activities authorized for a bank holding company are more limited
than are the activities authorized for a unitary or multiple savings and loan
holding company. See "--Qualified Thrift Lender Test."

         The Holding Company must obtain approval from the OTS before acquiring
control of any other SAIF-insured association. Such acquisitions are generally
prohibited if they result in a multiple savings and loan holding company
controlling savings associations in more than one state. However, such
interstate acquisitions are permitted based on specific state authorization or
in a supervisory acquisition of a failing savings association.

FEDERAL SECURITIES LAW

         The stock of the Holding Company is registered with the SEC under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The Holding
Company is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading
restrictions and other requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act.

         Holding Company stock held by persons who are affiliates (generally
officers, directors and principal stockholders) of the Holding Company may not
be resold without registration or unless sold in accordance with certain resale
restrictions. If the Holding Company meets specified current public information
requirements, each affiliate of the Holding Company is able to sell in the
public market, without registration, a limited number of shares in any
three-month period.

                                       22
<PAGE>

FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM

         The Federal Reserve Board requires all depository institutions to
maintain non-interest bearing reserves at specified levels against their
transaction accounts (primarily checking, NOW and Super NOW checking accounts).
At June 30, 2001, the Association was in compliance with these reserve
requirements. The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements imposed
by the Federal Reserve Board may be used to satisfy liquidity requirements that
may be imposed by the OTS. See "-- Liquidity."

         Savings associations are authorized to borrow from the Federal Reserve
Bank "discount window," but Federal Reserve Board regulations require
associations to exhaust other reasonable alternative sources of funds, including
FHLB borrowings, before borrowing from the Federal Reserve Bank.

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK SYSTEM

         The Association is a member of the FHLB of Des Moines, which is one of
12 regional FHLBs, that administers the home financing credit function of
savings associations. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its
members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from proceeds derived
from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB System. It makes loans to
members (i.e., advances) in accordance with policies and procedures, established
by the board of directors of the FHLB, which are subject to the oversight of the
Federal Housing Finance Board. All advances from the FHLB are required to be
fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the FHLB. In addition,
all long-term advances are required to provide funds for residential home
financing.

         As a member, State Federal is required to purchase and maintain stock
in the FHLB of Des Moines. At June 30, 2001, State Federal had $1.8 million in
FHLB stock, which was in compliance with this requirement. In past years, the
Association has received substantial dividends on its FHLB stock. Over the past
five fiscal years such dividends have averaged 6.59 % and were 6.07% for fiscal
year 2001.

         Under federal law the FHLBs are required to provide funds for the
resolution of troubled savings associations and to contribute to low- and
moderately priced housing programs through direct loans or interest subsidies on
advances targeted for community investment and low- and moderate-income housing
projects. These contributions have affected adversely the level of FHLB
dividends paid and could continue to do so in the future. These contributions
could also have an adverse effect on the value of FHLB stock in the future. A
reduction in value of the Association's FHLB stock may result in a corresponding
reduction in State Federal's capital.

         For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, dividends paid by the FHLB of
Des Moines to State Federal totaled $98,900 which constitutes a $20,700 increase
from the amount of dividends received in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000.
The $20,300 dividend received for the period ended May 31, 2001 and paid June
15, 2001 reflects an annualized rate of 4.56%, which decreased 2.30% from the
same quarter ended June 30, 2000, which was a rate of 6.86%.

FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION

         In addition to the regular income tax, corporations, including savings
associations such as the Association, generally are subject to a minimum tax. An
alternative minimum tax is imposed at a minimum tax rate of 20% on alternative
minimum taxable income, which is the sum of a corporation's regular taxable
income (with certain adjustments) and tax preference items, less any available
exemption. The alternative minimum tax is imposed to the extent it exceeds the
corporation's regular income tax and net operating losses can offset no more
than 90% of alternative minimum taxable income.

         A portion of the Association's reserves for losses on loans may not,
without adverse tax consequences, be utilized for the payment of cash dividends
or other distributions to a shareholder (including distributions on redemption,
dissolution or liquidation) or for any other purpose (except to absorb bad debt
losses). As of June 30,

                                       23
<PAGE>

2001, the portion of the Association's reserves subject to this treatment for
tax purposes totaled approximately $1.35 million.

         State Federal and its subsidiaries file consolidated federal income tax
returns on a fiscal year basis using the accrual method of accounting. State
Federal and its subsidiaries have not been audited by the IRS within the last
ten years.

         IOWA TAXATION. The Holding Company and the Association's subsidiaries
file Iowa corporation tax returns while the Association files an Iowa franchise
tax return.

         Iowa imposes a franchise tax on the taxable income for both mutual and
stock savings and loan associations. The tax rate is 5%, which may effectively
be increased, in individual cases, by application of a minimum tax provision.
Taxable income under the franchise tax is generally similar to taxable income
under the federal corporate income tax, except that, under the Iowa franchise
tax, no deduction is allowed for Iowa franchise tax and taxable income includes
interest on state and municipal obligations. Interest on U.S. obligations is
taxable under the Iowa franchise tax and under the federal corporate income tax.

         Taxable income under the Iowa corporate income tax is generally similar
to taxable income under the federal corporate income tax, except that, under the
Iowa tax, no deduction is allowed for Iowa income tax payments; interest from
state and municipal obligations is included in income; interest from U.S.
obligations is excluded from income; and 50% of federal corporate income tax is
excluded from income. The Iowa corporate income tax rates range from 6% to 12%
and may be effectively increased, in individual cases, by application of a
minimum tax provision.

         DELAWARE TAXATION. As a Delaware holding company, the Holding Company
is exempted from Delaware corporate income tax but is required to file an annual
report with and pay an annual fee to the State of Delaware. The Holding Company
is also subject to an annual franchise tax imposed by the State of Delaware.

COMPETITION

         State Federal faces strong competition, both in originating real estate
and other loans and in attracting deposits. Competition in originating real
estate loans comes primarily from other commercial banks, savings associations,
credit unions and mortgage bankers making loans secured by real estate located
in the Association's market area. The Association competes for real estate and
other loans principally on the basis of the quality of services it provides to
borrowers, and loan fees it charges, and the types of loans it originates.

         The Association attracts all of its deposits through its retail banking
offices, primarily from the communities in which those retail banking offices
are located; therefore, competition for those deposits is principally from other
commercial banks, savings associations and credit unions located in the same
communities. The Association competes for these deposits by offering a variety
of deposit accounts at competitive rates, convenient business hours, and
convenient branch locations with interbranch deposit and withdrawal privileges
at each.

         The Association's primary concentration is Des Moines, Iowa. There are
over 30 commercial banks and approximately 30 credit unions in the Association's
market area. The Association estimates its share of the savings market in its
primary market area to be approximately 1.0%.

EMPLOYEES

         At June 30, 2001, the Company and its subsidiary had a total of 25
full- time employees. The Association's employees are not represented by any
collective bargaining group. Management considers its employee relations to be
good.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES
         ----------

                                       24
<PAGE>

         The Association conducts its business at its main office and one other
location in its primary market area. The following table sets forth information
relating to each of the Association's offices as of June 30, 2001.

         The Association owns two branch offices and its main office. The total
net book value of the Association's premises and equipment (including land,
building, furniture, fixtures and equipment) at June 30, 2001 was $3.9 million.
See Note H of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report to
Stockholders attached hereto as Exhibit 13.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Total
                                                                      Approximate
                                                  Date                  Square             Net Book Value at
         Location                                Acquired               Footage             June 30, 2001
------------------                         --------------------    -----------------   ------------------------
<S>                                            <C>                     <C>                     <C>
Main Office:
   13523 University Avenue                          2001                  12,000                  $ 2,630,000
   Clive, Iowa

Branch Offices:
   4018 University Avenue                           1985                   4,000                  $   280,000
   Des Moines, Iowa

   519 Sixth Avenue                            January 3, 1995             3,300                  $   710,000
   Des Moines, Iowa
</TABLE>

         The Association conducts its data processing through a service bureau,
NCR Corporation. The net book value of the data processing and computer
equipment utilized by the Association at June 30, 2001 was $74,000. The net book
value of other furniture and equipment at June 30, 2001 was $234,000

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
         -----------------

         State Federal is involved from time to time as plaintiff or defendant
in various legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. Neither
the Company nor State Service Corporation, the Association's wholly-owned
subsidiary, is a party to any legal action. While the ultimate outcome of these
proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of management,
after consultation with counsel representing State Federal in the proceedings,
that the resolution of these proceedings should not have a material effect on
State Federal's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
         ---------------------------------------------------

         No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders, through the
solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the quarter ended June 30, 2001.

                                       25
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
         -------------------------------------------------

         Page 37 of the attached 2001 Annual Report to Stockholders is herein
incorporated by reference. The dividend payout ratio for June 30, 2001 was
87.5%.

ITEM 6.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
         AND RESULTS OF OPERATION AND SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
         -----------------------------------------------------------

         Pages 7 through 16 of the attached 2001 Annual Report to Stockholders
are herein incorporated by reference.

ITEM 7.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         --------------------

         The following information appearing in the Company's Annual Report to
Stockholders for the year ended June 30, 2001 is incorporated by reference in
this Annual Report on Form 10-KSB as Exhibit 13.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                     PAGES IN
ANNUAL REPORT SECTION                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------------

<S>                                                                                             <C>
Independent Auditors' Report ................................................................            17

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2001 and 2000 ....................................            18

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended
     June 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ...........................................................            19

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for Years Ended
     June 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ...........................................................            21

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended June 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ..........            22

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ..................................................       23 through 36
</TABLE>


         With the exception of the aforementioned information, the Company's
Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended June 30, 2001 is not deemed
filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-KSB.

ITEM 8.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
         ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
         ------------------------------------------------

         There has been no Current Report on Form 8-K filed within 24 months
prior to the date of the most recent financial statements reporting a change of
accountants and/or reporting disagreements on any matter of accounting principle
or financial statement disclosure.


                                       26
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 9.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS;
         COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT
         -------------------------------------------------------------

DIRECTORS
---------

         Information concerning directors and executive officers of the Company
is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2001, except for information
contained under the heading "Report of the Audit Committee," a copy of which
will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year.

ITEM 10.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
          ----------------------

         Information concerning executive compensation is incorporated herein by
reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held in 2001, except for information contained under the
heading "Report of the Audit Committee," a copy of which will be filed not later
than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year.

ITEM 11.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
          OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
          ----------------------------------------

         Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners
and management is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2001, except for
information contained under the heading "Report of the Audit Committee," a copy
of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal
year.

ITEM 12.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
          ----------------------------------------------

         Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions
is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2001, except for information
contained under the heading "Report of the Audit Committee," a copy of which
will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year.


                                       27
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES
                                   ----------

          Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                        STATEFED FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Date:     September 28, 2001            By: /s/ Randall C. Bray
     -----------------------                -------------------------------
                                                Randall C. Bray
                                                (DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE)

          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

  /s/Randall C. Bray                        /s/ Craig Wood
---------------------------                 -------------------------------
RANDALL C. BRAY                             CRAIG WOOD
Chairman of the Board                       Director and Co- President
 Officer

Date:    September 28, 2001                Date:   September 28, 2001
     ----------------------                     --------------------------------


---------------------------                -------------------------------------
HARRY A. WINEGAR                           EUGENE M. MCCORMICK
Director                                   Director

Date:    September 28, 2001                Date:   September 28, 2001
     ----------------------                     --------------------------------


  /s/ Sidney M. Ramey                      /s/ Kevin J. Kruse
---------------------------                -------------------------------------
SIDNEY M. RAMEY                            KEVIN J. KRUSE
Director                                   Director

Date:    September 28, 2001                Date:   September 28, 2001
     ----------------------                     --------------------------------


                                           /s/ Andra K. Black
---------------------------                -------------------------------------
WILLIAM T. NASSIF                          ANDRA K. BLACK
Director                                   Director, Co-President, Secretary and
                                                     Chief Financial and
                                                     Accounting Officer

Date:    September 28, 2001                Date:   September 28, 2001
     ----------------------                     --------------------------------


                                       28
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

ITEM 13.  EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
          --------------------------------

          (A)  EXHIBITS

                                                                                                   REFERENCE TO
                                                                                                  PRIOR FILING OR
                                                                                                  EXHIBIT NUMBER
 EXHIBIT NUMBER         DOCUMENT                                                                  ATTACHED HERETO
----------------        ----------------------------------------------------------------------   -----------------

<S>                     <C>                                                                        <C>
         3(I)           Articles of Incorporation, including amendments thereto                         *

        3(II)           By-Laws                                                                         **

          4             Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders,
                             including indentures                                                       *

          9             Voting Trust Agreement                                                         None

          10            Executive Compensation plans and Arrangements
                        (a)      Employment Contract Between:
                           (i)   Randall C. Bray and the Association                                   10.1
                           (ii)  Andra K. Black and the Association                                     *
                           (iii) Craig Wood and the Association                                         *
                        (B)      1993 Stock Option and Incentive Plan                                   *
                        (C)      1993 Management Recognition and Retention Plan                         *
                        (D)      Deferred Compensation Agreement (John Golden)                          *
                        (E)      Severance Agreement (John Golden)                                     10.2

          11            Statement Regarding Computation of Per Share Earnings                          None

          13            Annual Report to Security Holders                                               13

          16            Letter Regarding Change in Certifying Accountant                               None

          18            Letter Regarding Change in Accounting Principles                               None

          21            Subsidiaries of Registrant                                                      21

          22            Published Report Regarding Matters Submitted to                                None
                             Vote of Security Holders

          23            Consents of Experts and Counsel                                                 23

          24            Power of Attorney                                                          Not Required

          99            Additional Exhibits                                                            None
</TABLE>

----------------
*         Filed as exhibits to the Company's Form S-1 registration statement
          filed on September 23, 1993 (File No. 33-69314) pursuant to Section 5
          of the Securities Act of 1933. All of such previously filed documents
          are hereby incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Item
          601 of Regulation S-K.

**        Filed as exhibits to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for
          the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000.


                                       29
<PAGE>

         (B)  REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

THE FOLLOWING REPORTS ON FORM 8-K WERE FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION DURING THE QUARTER ENDING JUNE 30, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          Regarding Event
         Date Filed:      Occurring On:       Nature of Event
         -----------    -------------------   ------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                         <C>               <C>
         04/30/2001         04/24/2001        Chairman John F. Golden announces retirement from Board of
                                              Directors of Registrant

         05/08/2001         05/03/2001        Announcement of Registrant's third quarter earnings

         05/10/2001         05/08/2001        Registrant announces new Chairman; announces Annual Meeting date

         05/11/2001         05/11/2001        Announcement of offer to buy up to 230,770 Shares "Dutch Auction."

         06/15/2001         06/14/2001        Announcement of preliminary results of modified dutch auction
                                              tender offer

         06/21/2001         06/19/2001        Announcement of final results of modified dutch auction tender
                                                 offer
</TABLE>






                                       30

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>gex10_1-25786.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>











                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

                           EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT BETWEEN
                       RANDALL C. BRAY AND THE ASSOCIATION











<PAGE>

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                              --------------------

         THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of
this 17th day of April, 2001 by and between STATE FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION OF DES MOINES, 519 Sixth Avenue, Des Moines, Iowa 50309 (hereinafter
referred to as the "Association") and Randy Bray (the "Employee").

         WHEREAS, the Association desires to employ the services of Employee on
a part-time basis, and

         WHEREAS both the  Association  and the Employee desire to agree to the
terms and conditions of Employment, and

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Association recognizes that, as
is the case with publicly held corporations generally, the possibility of a
change in control of the Association and or its holding company, StateFed
Financial Corporation ("Holding Company") may exist and that such possibility,
and the uncertainty and questions which it may raise among management, may
result in the departure or distraction of key management personnel to the
detriment of the Association, the Holding Company and its stockholders; and

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Association believes it is in
the best interests of the Association to enter into this Agreement with the
Employee in order to assure continuity of management of the Association and to
reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of the Employee
to his assigned duties without distraction in the face of potentially disruptive
circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of the Holding
Company, although no such change is now contemplated; and

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Association has approved and
authorized the execution of this Agreement with the Employee to take effect as
stated in Section 4 hereof;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective
covenants and agreements of the parties herein contained, it is AGREED as
follows:

         1.   EMPLOYMENT. The Employee will be employed as Chairman of the Board
of the Association. As Chairman, Employee shall render administrative and
management services as are customarily performed by persons situated in similar
executive capacities, and shall have other powers and duties as may from time to
time be prescribed by the Board. The Employee shall continue to devote his best
efforts and an average minimum of 24 hours per week of his time to the business
and affairs of the Association and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies. It
is understood that not all of this time must be spent on Association premises.

         2.   COMPENSATION.

              (a)     SALARY. The Association agrees to pay the Employee during
the term of this Agreement a salary established by the Board of Directors. The
salary hereunder as of the

<PAGE>

Commencement Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof) shall begin at $62,400 per
year. As long as Employee is a member of the board of directors of the
Association and the Holding Company, Employee shall also receive board fees as
per Association and Holding Company policy and practice. The salary provided for
herein shall be payable in accordance with the practices of the Association,
provided, however, that no such salary is required to be paid by the terms of
this Agreement in respect of any month or portion thereof subsequent to the
termination of this Agreement and provided further, that the amount of such
salary shall be reviewed by the Board of Directors not less often than annually
and may be increased from time to time in such amounts as the Board of Directors
in its discretion may decide, subject to the customary withholding tax and other
employee taxes as required with respect to compensation paid by a corporation to
an employee.

              (b)     DISCRETIONARY  BONUSES.  The Board of Directors of the
Association may, in its sole and complete discretion, provide bonuses to the
Employee as additional compensation for services rendered.

              (c)     EXPENSES. During the term of his employment hereunder, the
Employee shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable
expenses incurred by him (in accordance with policies and procedures at least as
favorable to the Employee as those presently applicable to the senior executive
officers of the Association) in performing services hereunder, provided that the
Employee properly accounts therefor in accordance with Association policy.

         3.   BENEFITS.

              (a)     PARTICIPATION IN RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.
The Employee shall be entitled while employed hereunder to participate in, and
receive benefits under, all plans relating to stock options, stock purchases,
pension, thrift, profit-sharing, group life insurance, medical coverage,
education, cash or stock bonuses, and other retirement or employee benefits or
combinations thereof, that are now or hereafter maintained for the benefit of
the Association's executive employees or for its employees generally.

              (b)     FRINGE BENEFITS. The Employee shall be eligible while
employed for the requisite number of hours hereunder to participate in, and
receive benefits under, any other fringe benefits which are or may become
applicable to the Association's executive employees or to its employees
generally.

         4.   TERM. The term of employment under this Agreement shall be a
period of three (3) years commencing on the date this Agreement is executed
(the "Commencement Date"), subject to earlier termination as provided herein.
Beginning on the first anniversary of the Commencement Date, and on each
anniversary thereafter, the term of employment under this Agreement shall be
extended for a period of one year unless either the Association or the Employee
gives contrary written notice to the other not less than 30 days in advance of
the date on which the term of employment under this Agreement would otherwise be
extended, PROVIDED that such term will not be automatically extended unless,
prior thereto, such extension is approved by the Board of


                                       2
<PAGE>

Directors following the Board's review of a formal performance evaluation of the
Employee performed by the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the
Association and reflected in the minutes of the Board of Directors. Reference
herein to the term of employment under this Agreement shall refer to both such
initial term and such extended terms.

         5.   VACATIONS. The Employee shall be entitled, without loss of pay, to
absent himself voluntarily from the performance of his employment under this
Agreement, all such voluntary absences to count as vacation time, provided that:

              (a)     the Employee  shall be entitled to an annual  vacation of
not more than 12 days per year pro-rated to date of employment;

              (b)     the timing of vacations shall be scheduled in a reasonable
manner by the Employee; and

              (c)     solely at the Employee's request, the Board of Directors
shall be entitled to grant to the Employee a leave or leaves of absence with or
without pay at such time or times and upon such terms and conditions as the
Board, in its sole and complete discretion, may determine.

         6.   TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION OF EMPLOYMENT; DEATH OR DISABILITY.
              -------------------------------------------------------------

              (a)     The Board of Directors may terminate the Employee's
employment at any time, but any termination by the Association's Board of
Directors, other than termination for cause, shall not prejudice the Employee's
right to compensation or other benefits under the Agreement. If the employment
of the employee is involuntarily terminated, other than for "cause" as provided
in this Section 6(a) or pursuant to any of Sections 6(d) through 6(g), or by
reason of death or disability as provided in Sections 6(c) or 7, the Employee
shall be entitled to receive, (i) his then applicable salary for the
then-remaining term of the Agreement as calculated in accordance with Section 4
hereof, payable in such manner and at such times as such salary would have been
payable to the Employee under Section 2 had he remained in the employ of the
Association, and (ii) health insurance benefits as maintained by the Association
for the benefit of its senior executive employees or its employees generally
over the then-remaining term of the Agreement as calculated in accordance with
Section 4 hereof.

         The terms "termination" or "involuntarily terminated" in this Agreement
shall refer to the termination of the employment of Employee without his express
written consent. The Employee shall be considered to be involuntarily terminated
(1) if the employment of the Employee is involuntarily terminated for any reason
other than for "cause" as provided in this Section 6(a), pursuant to any of
Sections 6(d) through 6(g) or by reason of death or disability as provided in
Sections 6(c) and 7.

         In case of termination of the Employee's employment for cause, the
Association shall pay the Employee his salary through the date of termination,
and the Association shall have no further


                                       3
<PAGE>

obligation to the Employee under this Agreement. The Employee shall have no
right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination
for cause. For purposes of this Agreement, termination for "cause" shall include
termination because of the Employee's personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful
misconduct, breach of a fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional
failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any law, rule, or
regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final
cease-and-desist order, material breach of any provision of this Agreement, or
unsatisfactory job performance as determined by the Board of Directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee shall not be deemed to have been
terminated for cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the
Employee a copy of a resolution, duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not
less than a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of
the Association at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose.

              (b)     The Employee's employment may be voluntarily terminated by
the Employee at any time upon 60 days written notice to the Association or upon
such shorter period as may be agreed upon between the Employee and the Board of
Directors of the Association. In the event of such voluntary termination, the
Association shall be obligated to continue to pay the Employee his salary only
through the date of termination, at the time such payments are due, and the
Association shall have no further obligation to the Employee under this
Agreement.

              (c)     In the event of the death of the Employee during the term
of employment under this Agreement and prior to any termination hereunder, the
Employee's estate, or such person as the Employee may have previously designated
in writing, shall be entitled to receive from the Association the salary of the
Employee through the last day of the calendar month in which his death shall
have occurred, and the term of employment under this Agreement shall end on such
last day of the month.

              (d)     If the Employee is suspended from office and/or
temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Association's
affairs by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) or (g)(1) of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA"), 12 U.S.C. ss. 1818(e)(3); (g)(1), the
Association's obligations under this Agreement shall be suspended as of the date
of service, unless stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the
notice are dismissed, the Association may in its discretion (i) pay the Employee
all or part of the compensation withheld while its obligations under this
Agreement were suspended and (ii) reinstate in whole or in part any of the
obligations which were suspended.

              (e)     If the Employee is removed from office and/or permanently
prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Association's affairs by an
order issued under Section 8(e)(4) or (g)(1) of the FDIA, 12 U.S.C. ss.
1818(e)(4); (g)(1), all obligations of the Association under this Agreement
shall terminate, as of the effective date of the order, but vested rights of the
parties shall not be affected.



                                       4
<PAGE>

              (f)     If the Association becomes in default (as defined in
Section 3(x)(1) of the FDIA, 12 U.S.C. ss. 1813(x)(1)), all obligations under
this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default, but this provision
shall not affect any vested rights of the parties.

              (g)     All obligations under this Agreement shall be terminated,
except to the extent determined that continuation of this Agreement is necessary
for the continued operation of the Association: (i) by the Director of the
Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS") or his or her designee at the time the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation enters into an agreement to provide
assistance to or on behalf of the Association under the authority contained in
Section 13(c) of the FDIA, 12 U.S.C. ss. 1823(c); or (ii) by the Director of the
OTS or his or her designee at the time the Director of the OTS or his or her
designee approves a supervisory merger to resolve problems related to operation
of the Association or when the Association is determined by the Director of the
OTS to be in an unsafe or unsound condition.

         Any rights of the parties that have already vested, however, shall not
be affected by any such action.

              (h)     In the event the Association purports to terminate the
Employee for cause, but it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or
by an arbitrator pursuant to Section 17 that cause did not exist for such
termination, or if in any event it is determined by any such court or arbitrator
that the Association has failed to, make timely payment of any amounts owed to
the Employee under this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to
reimbursement for all reasonable costs, including attorneys' fees, incurred in
challenging such termination or collecting such amounts. Such reimbursement
shall be in addition to all rights to which the Employee is otherwise entitled
under this Agreement.

         7.   DISABILITY. If during the term of employment hereunder the
Employee shall become disabled or incapacitated to the extent that he is unable
to perform the duties of the President and managing officer, he shall be
entitled to receive disability benefits of the type provided for other executive
employees of the Association.

         8.   CHANGE IN CONTROL.

              (a)     INVOLUNTARY TERMINATION. If the Employee's employment is
involuntarily terminated (other than for cause or pursuant to any of Sections
6(c) through 6(g) or Section 7 of this Agreement) in connection with or within
12 months after a change in control which occurs at any time during the term of
employment under this Agreement, in addition to any payments under Section 6(a)
of the Agreement, the Association shall pay to the Employee in a lump sum in
cash within 25 business days after the Date of Termination (as hereinafter
defined) of employment an amount equal to 299% of the Employee's "base amount"
of compensation as defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the "Code").



                                       5
<PAGE>

              (b)     DEFINITIONS. For purposes of Sections 8, 9 and 11 of this
Agreement, "Date of Termination" means the earlier of (i) the date upon which
the Association gives notice to the Employee of the termination of his
employment with the Association, or (ii) the date upon which the Employee ceases
to serve as an Employee of the Association; and "change in control, is defined
solely as any acquisition of control (other than pursuant to the Conversion or
by a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
plan of the Holding Company or a subsidiary of the Holding Company), as defined
in 12 C.F.R. ss. 574.4, or any successor regulation, of the Association or
Holding Company which would require the filing of an application for acquisition
of control or notice of change in control in a manner as set forth in 12 C.F.R.
ss. 574.3, or any successor regulation.

         9.   CERTAIN REDUCTION OF PAYMENTS BY THE ASSOCIATION. (a) Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event it shall be
determined that any payment or distribution by the Association to or for the
benefit of the Employee (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (a "Payment") would be
nondeductible (in whole or part) by the Association for Federal income tax
purposes because of Section 280G of the Code, then the aggregate present value
of amounts payable or distributable to or for the benefit of the Employee
pursuant to this Agreement (such amounts payable or distributable pursuant to
this Agreement are hereinafter referred to as "Agreement Payments") shall be
reduced to the Reduced Amount. The "Reduced Amount" shall be an amount, not less
than zero, expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present
value of Agreement Payments without causing any Payment to be nondeductible by
the Association because of Section 280G of the Code. For purposes of this
Section 9, present value shall be determined in accordance with Section
280G(d)(4) of the Code.

              (b)     All determinations required to be made under this Section
9 shall be made by the Association's independent auditors, or at the election of
such auditors by such other firm or individuals of recognized expertise as such
auditors may select (such auditors or, if applicable, such other firm or
individual, are hereinafter referred to as the "Advisory Firm"). The Advisory
Firm shall within ten business days of the Date of Termination, or at such
earlier time as is requested by the Association, provide to both the Association
and the Employee an opinion (and detailed supporting calculations) that the
Association has substantial authority to deduct for federal income tax purposes
the full amount of the Agreement Payments and that the Employee has substantial
authority not to report on his federal income tax return any excise tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code with respect to the Agreement Payments. Any such
determination and opinion by the Advisory Firm shall be binding upon the
Association and the Employee. The Employee shall determine which and how much,
if any, of the Agreement Payments shall be eliminated or reduced consistent with
the requirements of this Section 9, provided that, if the Employee does not make
such determination within ten business days of the receipt of the calculations
made by the Advisory Firm, the Association shall elect which and how much, if
any, of the Agreement Payments shall be eliminated or reduced consistent with
the requirements of this Section 9 and shall notify the Employee promptly of
such election. Within five business days of the earlier of (i) the Association's
receipt of, the Employee's determination pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence of this


                                       6
<PAGE>

Agreement or (ii) the Association's election in lieu of such determination, the
Association shall pay to or distribute to or for the benefit of the Employee
such amounts as are then due the Employee under this Agreement. The Association
and the Employee shall cooperate fully with the Advisory Firm, including without
limitation providing to the Advisory Firm all information and materials
reasonably requested by it, in connection with the making of the determinations
required under this Section 9.

              (c)     As a result of uncertainty in application of Section 280G
of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Advisory Firm
hereunder, it is possible that Agreement Payments will have been made by the
Association which should not have been made ("Overpayment") or that additional
Agreement Payments will not have been made by the Association which should have
been made ("Underpayment"), in each case, consistent with the calculations
required to be made hereunder. In the event that the Advisory Firm, based upon
the assertion by the Internal Revenue Service against the Employee of a
deficiency which the Advisory Firm believes has a high probability of success
determines that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment paid or
distributed by the Association to or for the benefit of Employee shall be
treated for all purposes as a loan AB INITIO which the Employee shall repay to
the Association together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided
for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code; provided, however, that no such loan
shall be deemed to have been made and no amount shall be payable by the Employee
to the Association if and to the extent such deemed loan and payment would not
either reduce the amount on which the Employee is subject to tax under Section 1
and Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of such taxes. In the event
that the Advisory Firm, based upon controlling preceding or other substantial
authority, determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment
shall be promptly paid by the Association to or for the benefit of the Employee
together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section
7872(f)(2) of the Code.

              (d)     The total of payments to the Employee in the event of
involuntary termination of employment under Section 6(a) and Section 8(a) shall
not exceed three times his average annual compensation from the Association over
the five most recent taxable years (or, if employed by the Association for a
shorter period, over the period of his employment by the Association).

              (e)     Any  payments  made to the  Employee  pursuant  to this
Agreement, or otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their compliance
with 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder.

         10.  NON-COMPETITION.

              (a)     Upon the expiration of the term of the Employee's
employment hereunder or in the event the Employee's employment hereunder
terminates prior thereto for any reason whatsoever, the Employee shall not, for
a period of two year(s) after the occurrence of such event, for himself, or as
the agent of, on behalf of, or in conjunction with, any person or entity,
solicit or attempt to solicit, whether directly or indirectly: (i) any employee
of the Association to terminate such employee's employment relationship with the
Association; or (ii) any savings and loan, banking


                                       7
<PAGE>

or similar business from any person or entity that is or was a client, employee,
or customer of the Association and had dealt with the Employee or any other
employee of the Association under the supervision of the Employee.

              (b)     In the event Employee voluntarily resigns pursuant to
Section 6(b) of this Agreement, or in the event the Employee's employment
hereunder is terminated for cause, the Employee shall not, for a period of one
year from the date of termination, directly or indirectly, own, manage,
operate or control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation or
control of, or be employed by or connected in any manner with, any FDIC insured
financial institution having an office located within fifty miles of any office
of the Association as of the date of termination, PROVIDED THAT, nothing in this
paragraph 10 shall prevent Employee from engaging solely as an independent
contractor in a consulting capacity with any FDIC insured financial institution
so long as he is not also involved in the ownership, management, ongoing daily
operations, or control of such institution.

              (c)     The provisions of subsections (a) and (b) hereof shall not
prevent the Employee from purchasing, solely for investment, not more than five
percent (5%) of any financial institution's stock or other securities which are
traded on any national or regional securities exchange or are actively traded in
the over-the-counter market and registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

              (d)     The provisions of this Section shall survive the
termination of the Employee's employment hereunder whether by expiration of the
term thereof or otherwise.

              (e)     In the event of a violation of (a) or (b) above, the
Employee acknowledges that the Association would suffer irreparable harm from
such violations and that the Association is entitled to equitable relief, in
addition to any remedies that may otherwise be available. Further, the
Association is entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees and costs in connection
with any action in which its rights under (a) or (b) above are enforced in any
court of competent jurisdiction.

         11.  NO ASSIGNMENTS. (a) This Agreement is personal to each of the
parties hereto, and neither party may assign or delegate any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the other
party; provided, however, that the Association will require any successor or
assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or
otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
Association, by an assumption agreement in form and substance satisfactory to
the Employee, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the
same manner and to the same extent that the Association would be required to
perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place. Failure of the
Association to obtain such an assumption agreement prior to the effectiveness of
any such succession or assignment shall be a breach of this Agreement and shall
entitle the Employee to compensation from the Association in the same amount and
on the same terms as the compensation pursuant to Section 8(a) hereof. For
purposes of implementing the provisions of this Section 11(a), the date on which
any such succession becomes effective shall be deemed the Date of Termination.


                                       8
<PAGE>

              (b)     This Agreement and all rights of the Employee hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Employee's personal and
legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs,
distributees, devisees and legatees. If the Employee should die while any
amounts would still be payable to the Employee hereunder if the Employee had
continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be
paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the, Employee's devisee,
legatee or other designee or if there is no such designee, to the Employee's
estate.

         12.  NOTICE. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective
addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement (provided that all
notices to the Association shall be directed to the attention of the Board of
Directors of the Association with a copy to the Secretary of the Association),
or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in
writing in accordance herewith.

         13.  AMENDMENTS. No amendments or additions to this Agreement shall be
binding unless in writing and signed by both parties except as herein otherwise
provided.

         14.  PARAGRAPH HEADINGS. The paragraph headings used in this Agreement
are included solely for convenience and shall not affect, or be used in
connection with, the interpretation of this Agreement.

         15.  SEVERABILITY. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed
severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.

         16.  GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
United States to the extent applicable and otherwise by the laws of the State of
Iowa.

         17.  ARBITRATION. Any dispute or controversy arising under or in
connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in
accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in
effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having
jurisdiction.

         18.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Employment Agreement represents the entire
agreement of the parties and supercedes any other oral agreements or
understandings. The Employee has not relied on any promises or inducements other
than those expressly contained in this Employment Agreement in connection with
the execution of this Employment Agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
day and year first above written.


                                       9
<PAGE>

         THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE
ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES.

                                          STATE FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN
                                          ASSOCIATION OF DES MOINES



                                          By:  /s/ Andra K. Black
                                             -----------------------------------
                                          Its: Co-President
                                              ----------------------------------


                                          EMPLOYEE

                                          /s/ Randy Bray
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Randy Bray












                                       10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gex10_2-25786.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>









                                  EXHIBIT 10.2

                               SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
                                  (JOHN GOLDEN)








                                       32



                  SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

     WHEREAS, John F. Golden ("Employee") has been employed by the State Federal
Savings and Loan Association and State Fed Financial Corporation (individually
and collectively referred to as "Employer"), and;

     WHEREAS, Employer and Employee desire to agree to the terms of Employee's
retirement and end of employment with Employer.

     WHEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

     1.   RESIGNATION. Employee shall resign all positions with Employer and its
          subsidiaries,including his positions on any boards or committees
          affiliated with Employer, on 3/15/01. Employee will receive all wages
          and benefits accrued through this date.

     2.   SEVERANCE PAY. In addition to amounts in paragraph 1, Employer shall
          pay Employee severance pay that shall continue for three years after
          the date of termination of employment. The severance pay shall amount
          to 1) $60,000 per year payable on a monthly basis in lieu of any and
          all compensation and board fees, and 2) payment of health insurance
          premiums under Medicare Supplement, Dental and Prescription Drug
          policies which, together with Medicare, will provide health insurance
          coverage approximately equivalent to the current health insurance plan
          available to full time employees of Employer. Employee agrees to be
          responsible for application for Medicare coverage and Medicare
          Supplement, Dental and Prescription Drug policies. In the event of the
          untimely death of Employee, any remaining unpaid amounts of severance
          pay under 1) above will be paid to Employee's estate.

          The Employer recognizes that Employee maintains stock options with
          Employer and said stock options may be exercised as referenced in
          numbered paragraph 1 pursuant to the pre-existing terms and conditions
          relating to the stock options.

          Further, Employer recognizes that Employee maintains a $45,000 non
          interest bearing account at Employer which is payable upon demand of
          Employee. This account shall not be forfeited upon retirement and may
          be accessed and paid out in full or in increments to the Employee on
          demand.

     3.   EQUIVALENT INSURANCE COVERAGE. It is agreed that the following
          policies, together with Medicare will provide such approximately
          equivalent coverage under the terms of paragraph 2:

                  1.       Medicare Part B Premiums
                  2.       Medicare Supplement Standard policy F;
                  3.       Iowa Banker's Delta Dental Plan II;
                  4.       Iowa Banker's Prescription Drug Retiree Plan.

<PAGE>

     4.   GENERAL RELEASE. In exchange for the severance payment in paragraph 2
          above, Employee, except as expressly provided in paragraph 2 of this
          Severance Agreement and General Release, hereby releases, acquits, and
          forever discharges Employer and its affiliates and all their
          directors, officers, employees, agents, and attorneys, from any and
          all claims or causes of action of any kind, known or unknown, that
          Employee may have up until the date of execution of this Severance
          Agreement and General Release. This release includes, but is not
          limited to, any claims in contract or in tort or based on any state,
          federal, or local statute or ordinance. The release includes, but is
          not limited to, all claims under state or federal civil rights laws,
          all claims under the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, all
          claims under Iowa Code Chapter 91A, all claims of common law torts,
          including but not limited to defamation, intentional interference with
          business relations, and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
          This general release does not include release of any claims that may
          arise after the termination of Employee's employment.

     5.   COVENANT NOT TO SUE. Employee and Employer agree not to cause any
          claim on his behalf that is subject to the general release in
          paragraph 4 above to be filed with any court or administrative agency.
          In the event of breach of this covenant not to sue, Employer or
          Employee may recover from the party in breach reasonable attorneys
          fees and costs caused by the breach.

     6.   NON COMPETITION. For three years following the execution of the
          Severance Agreement and General Release, Employee shall not directly
          or indirectly be engaged in any activity which competes with the
          business of Employer. For the purpose of this paragraph, activity
          which competes with the business of employer shall mean employment,
          consulting, or providing of service to any person or entity in the
          business of banking or which makes commercial or personal loans within
          a 50 mile radius of the Des Moines, Iowa metropolitan area.

     7.   RETURN OF PROPERTY OF EMPLOYER. Upon execution of this Severance
          Agreement and General Release, Employee shall deliver to Employer all
          property of Employer, including but not limited to keys, records,
          credit cards, and any other items.

     8.   STATEMENT UPON EXECUTION OF SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE.
          The parties shall release a statement, attached hereto as Exhibit A,
          upon the execution of the Settlement Agreement and General Release.

     9.   RIGHT TO CONSIDER. Employee may take up to twenty one days to consider
          whether or not to enter into this Severance Agreement and General
          Release.

<PAGE>

     10.  RIGHT TO REVOKE. Employee may revoke his agreement to the terms of
          this Severance Agreement and General Release within seven days after
          his execution Such revocation must be made in writing and delivered to
          the offices of the Employer.

     11.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Severance Agreement and General Release
          represents the entire agreement of the Employer and Employee and
          supercedes any and all previous agreements or understandings of the
          parties. This Severance Agreement and General Release may be amended
          only in writing signed by both parties.

     12.  NO INDUCEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS. Employer has made no inducements or
          representations to Employee other than those expressly made in this
          Severance Agreement and General Release.

     13.  GOVERNING LAW. This Settlement Agreement and General Release shall be
          governed by the laws of the State of Iowa.

     14.  CONSULTATION WITH AN ATTORNEY. In exchange for payments made, this
          Settlement Agreement and General Release contains a release of all
          claims you may have against Employer up until the date of execution of
          the document. You are urged to consult with an attorney of your choice
          before execution of this Settlement Agreement and General Release.


 CAUTION.  THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS A RELEASE.  READ BEFORE SIGNING.


         AGREED:


/s/ Craig A. Wood, Co-President
/s/ Andra K. Black, Co President                         3/15/01
--------------------------------                       ----------------------
Representative                                         Date
State Federal Savings & Loan
Association
State Fed Financial Corporation


/s/ John Golden                                          3/15/01
---------------------------                            ----------------------
John Golden                                            Date





<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A


                 JOINT STATEMENT UPON RESIGNATION OF JOHN GOLDEN

     John Golden has been employed by State Federal Savings and Loan for over
forty years. The Board of Directors wishes to acknowledge the many contributions
John has made over the years, and wishes him all the best on the occasion of his
retirement.

     Mr. Golden, in announcing his retirement, expressed satisfaction over his
years of service to State Federal Savings and Loan. "It has been a great career,
and I certainly wish State Federal and all its officers, employees, and, most
importantly, the customers whom I have had the privilege to serve, all the
best."

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gex13-25786.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>








                                   EXHIBIT 13

                           REGISTRANT'S ANNUAL REPORT
                               TO SECURITY HOLDERS















                                       33

<PAGE>

                                   TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                   Chairman's Letter                2

                                   Selected Consolidated
                                   Financial Information            5

                                   Management Discussion
                                   & Analysis                       7

                                   Consolidated Financial
                                   Statements                       17

                                   Stockholder Information          37

                                   Corporate Information            Back Cover

<PAGE>

                                   chairman's
                                       letter

THIS MARKS my first letter to the shareholders as chairman of the board of
StateFed Financial Corporation. I look forward to the opportunity to lead
StateFed as we evolve into a customer-focused and market-responsive financial
service provider.

Our company experienced significant change and challenge during fiscal 2001.
Throughout the fiscal year 2001 our management, employees, and directors
remained focused and worked together to formulate a new strategy to meet the
changing needs of our customers and shareholders. We emerged from these
experiences stronger, smarter, and armed with tactics to make State Federal a
better place to bank and to work.

REFOCUS

DURING THE PAST YEAR, we began an extensive evaluation of every facet of our
operations in order to key in on core businesses that are compatible with our
new strategic plan.

The strategic plan builds on our strengths while preparing for the future. One
key strength is our long-lasting customer relationships. Providing personalized
service to our customers is a profitable strategy that will differentiate us
from competitors. We are beginning to track more information about our customers
so we can provide them with the products and services they seek as they move
through their life stages.

Overall, our strategic plan promises:

o     Sincerity and concern. We will do what we say we'll do.

o     Saying "yes" more than "no" by providing diversified products.

o     Investing in our employees who value and care for our customers.

o     Remaining active and involved in our communities.

"While our 7 percent
growth rate in fiscal
2001 is steady, we

believe StateFed
can further
develop its
core business
lines to deliver
more dynamic financial
performance."

-- Randall C. Bray
   Chairman of the Board

                               [PHOTO OMITTED]

2                   StateFed Annual Report o September 2001

<PAGE>

RESPOND

THE PLAN ARTICULATES OUR OBJECTIVES and actions for customer service,
performance, and growth. While our 7 percent growth rate in fiscal 2001 is
steady, we believe StateFed can further develop its core business lines to
deliver more dynamic financial performance.

Key strategic initiatives include:

o    Employees as our competitive advantage. We are developing training,
     performance measurement, reward and recognition programs, and building on
     our levels of expertise.

o    One more per year. We are working to better understand our customers and
     their needs and respond with new products and services. Cross-selling
     additional products will retain more clients and increase our earnings. We
     want each new and existing customer and household to buy one more product
     each year.

o    Attract and retain. Our growth will come by attracting new clients and
     selling more to our existing ones. We will increase our marketing efforts
     to build recognition in our communities.

o    Diversify to succeed. We are much more than a bank. We must diversify our
     revenue by providing new products and building new business lines.

o    Provide convenience. Whether it's through traditional branches, such as our
     new office in Clive, ATMs, telephone, Internet, or mail, we will provide
     the convenience and choice that customers demand.

RESULTS

EVEN AS WE LAID THE GROUNDWORK to revitalize our company, we experienced success
in fiscal 2001 in the following areas:

o    Assets grew by 7 percent.

o    Deposits grew by 17 percent.

o    Net interest income increased by 8 percent, to its highest level in the
     last five years.

o    The buyback of shares during the Dutch Auction increased our share price
     from $9.25 on the day before the buyback was commenced to $11 on the final
     day, rationalizing our equity-to-assets ratio, and setting the stage for
     further improvement in earnings per share.

o    Insurance and investment products were added to our product line.

o    A new office opened in Clive--one of the area's fastest-growing
     suburbs--and the corporate headquarters relocated there.

o    New communications tools for customers, shareholders, and employees were
     unveiled.

o    A new Internet site was reserved, to be located at www.statefed.com.

o    A new organizational structure and performance measurement tools were
     implemented.

REJUVENATE

SINCE THE RISE AND FALL of the dot.com paper empires, the market is returning
its attention to core business fundamentals. The value of our

                  rejunvenate             [GRAPHIC OMITTED]

"In the next fiscal year and beyond, State Federal
will make judicious investments in systems,
product development and employee training."


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                    3
<PAGE>

stock and our performance to both shareholders and customers relies on
thoughtful, well-managed growth, responsive products and services, and
continuous improvement in earnings fundamentals.

In the next fiscal year and beyond, State Federal will make judicious
investments in systems, product development and employee training. The
combination of these initiatives will make us more efficient, more competitive,
and our employees more skilled in providing quality service and financial
services. Fiscal 2002 goals include:

o    Significant increases in lending through new and retooled lending products
     and smarter marketing.

o    Increased deposits and transactions with more competitive,
     market-responsive products.

o    Implementation of a sales culture that will enable us to better listen to,
     understand, and respond to our customers with tailored products and
     services.

o    Reinforcing a tradition of service by setting service standards, measuring
     our performance, and fulfilling our commitment to our customers.

As exciting as fiscal 2001 proved to be, we believe we're only just beginning to
tap our potential. We thank you, our shareholders, for your support as we
refocus our business, respond to our customers, and generate enhanced results.
We thank our employees for helping us to make "banking the way it should be."


                                        /s/ Randall C. Bray
                                        ---------------------------
                                        Randall C. Bray
                                        Chairman of the Board

                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]

"As exciting as fiscal 2001 proved
to be, we believe we're only just
beginning to tap our potential."

      --Andra K. Black and Craig A. Wood
        Co-Presidents


4                   StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

                  Selected Consolidated Financial Information

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 June 30,
                                                                                 --------
                                                         2001          2000        1999        1998         1997
                                                      ---------      --------     -------     -------     -------
                                                                              (In Thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
SELECTED FINANCIAL CONDITION DATA:
----------------------------------

Total assets ....................................     $ 107,549      $100,685     $90,824     $89,802     $85,679
Cash & cash equivalents .........................         7,279         2,477       8,481       9,445       3,634
Certificates of deposits in other institutions ..           297           496         884       1,479       4,435
Investment securities ...........................         1,925         2,231       1,944       2,744       3,477
Loans receivable, net ...........................        87,899        86,573      72,331      68,980      68,178
Deposits ........................................        62,987        53,648      54,713      53,672      50,346
FHLB advances ...................................        29,185        29,284      18,877      18,965      19,000
Stockholders' equity ............................        14,088        16,650      16,123      16,084      15,233

<CAPTION>
                                                                                 June 30,
                                                                                 --------
                                                         2001          2000        1999        1998         1997
                                                      ---------      --------     -------     -------     -------
                                                                              (In Thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
SELECTED OPERATIONS DATA:
-------------------------

Total interest income ...........................     $   8,231      $  7,022     $ 6,695     $ 6,823     $ 6,407
Total interest expense ..........................         4,961         3,986       3,999       4,043       3,626
                                                      ---------      --------     -------     -------     -------
Net interest income .............................         3,270         3,036       2,696       2,780       2,781
Provision for loan losses .......................           151            36          36          52          36
                                                      ---------      --------     -------     -------     -------
Net interest income after
  provision for loan losses .....................         3,119         3,000       2,660       2,728       2,745
Non-interest income:
Real estate operations ..........................           519           525         566         441         404
Gain (Loss) on sale of real estate and
  investments ...................................           (77)           52         106          42         158
Other non-interest income .......................           121           107         101         118         108
                                                      ---------      --------     -------     -------     -------
Total non-interest income .......................           563           684         773         601         670
Total non-interest expense ......................         2,662         2,006       1,926       1,821       1,991
                                                      ---------      --------     -------     -------     -------
Income before income taxes ......................         1,020         1,678       1,507       1,508       1,424
Income tax expense ..............................           357           537         489         491         503
                                                      ---------      --------     -------     -------     -------

Net income ......................................     $     663      $  1,141     $ 1,018     $ 1,017     $   921
                                                      =========      ========     =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                    5
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year Ended June 30,
                                                                      -------------------
                                                      2001        2000        1999       1998        1997
                                                     -----       -----       -----      ------       -----
SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS AND OTHER DATA:
-----------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>
PERFORMANCE RATIOS:
 Return on assets (ratio of net income to
  average total assets) .......................       0.63%       1.22%       1.13%       1.15%       1.12%
 Interest rate spread information:
  average during year .........................       2.84        2.87        2.50        2.60        2.77
 End of year ..................................       2.58        2.42        2.62        2.41        2.65
 Net interest margin(1) .......................       3.35        3.51        3.20        3.35        3.58
 Ratio of operating expense to average
  total assets ................................       2.52        2.15        2.13        2.06        2.42
 Return on equity (ratio of net
  income to average equity) ...................       4.07        7.02        6.30        6.51        6.19

QUALITY RATIOS:
 Non-performing assets to total assets at
  end of year .................................       3.21        2.30        1.84        1.50        1.55
 Allowance for loan losses to
  non-performing loans ........................      17.92       26.54       27.36      127.44       22.30

CAPITAL RATIOS:
 Stockholders' Equity to total assets at end
  of year .....................................      13.10       16.54       17.75       17.91       17.78
 Average Stockholders' Equity to average
  assets ......................................      15.44       17.39       17.81       17.71       18.10
Ratio of average interest-earning assets to
 average interest-bearing liabilities .........      1.101x      1.139x      1.147x      1.153x      1.173x
Number of full-service offices ................          3           2           2           2           2
</TABLE>

(1)   Net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.


6                   StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

                            MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
                                  AND ANALYSIS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 ................................................................................

When used in this Annual Report and in future filings by StateFed Financial
Corporation (the "Company" or "StateFed Financial") with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, in the Company's press releases or other public or
shareholder communications, or in oral statements made with the approval of an
authorized executive officer, the words or phrases "would be," "will allow,"
"intends to," "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is
anticipated," "estimate," "project" or similar expressions are intended to
identify "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties, including but not limited to changes in economic conditions
in the Company's market area, changes in policies by regulatory agencies,
fluctuations in interest rates, demand for loans in the Company's market area,
and competition, all or some of which could cause actual results to differ
materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated or
projected.

The Company wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and advises
readers that various factors, including regional and national economic
conditions, substantial changes in levels of market interest rates, credit and
other risks of lending and investment activities, and competitive and regulatory
factors, could affect the Company's financial performance and could cause the
Company's actual results for future periods to differ materially from those
anticipated or projected.

The Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to
update any forward-looking statements to reflect occurrences or unanticipated
events or circumstances after the date of such statements.

GENERAL
 ................................................................................

The Company owns all of the outstanding capital stock of State Federal Savings
and Loan Association (the "Association" ). The principal business of the Company
has historically consisted of attracting deposits from the general public, and
making loans secured by residential real estate. The Company's profitability is
primarily dependent upon its net interest income, which is the difference
between interest income on its loan and investment portfolio and interest paid
on deposits and other borrowed funds. Net interest income is directly affected
by the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities and the interest rates earned or paid on such amounts. The Company's
profitability is also affected by the provision for loan losses and the level of
non-interest income and expenses. Non-interest income consists primarily of
service charges and other fees, gains (losses) on sales of assets, and income
from real estate operations. Non-interest expense includes salaries and employee
benefits, real estate operations, occupancy of premises, federal deposit
insurance premiums, data processing expenses, and other operating expenses. The
Company, through its second-tier subsidiary, State Service Corporation, owns and
operates a 60-unit apartment complex and a 22-unit apartment complex located in
the Des Moines area.


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                    7
<PAGE>

StateFed Financial generally has sought to enhance its net earnings by, among
other things, maintaining asset quality and levels of capital above federally
required minimum standards and by controlling general and administrative
expenses. Although no assurances can be made about future periods, the Company's
results in these areas have enabled it to be consistently profitable and
well-capitalized.

The operating results of the Company are also affected by general economic
conditions, the monetary and fiscal policies of federal agencies, and the
policies of agencies that regulate financial institutions. StateFed Financial's
cost of funds is influenced by interest rates on competing investments and
general market rates of interest. Lending activities are influenced by the
demand for real estate loans and other types of loans, which is in turn affected
by the interest rates at which such loans are made, general economic conditions
affecting loan demand and the availability of funds for lending activities.

StateFed Financial's basic mission is to record earnings while serving its local
community. The Company wants to earn the complete trust and respect of its
clients by providing compassionate personal service and sound financial advice.
Specifically, it offers a range of customer services and products, including
deposit accounts and loans with a special emphasis on one-to-four family
mortgage lending and, to a lesser extent, multi-family and commercial real
estate lending. Yet smaller portions of the Company's loans receivable consists
of construction and consumer loans. Management has focused on fixed rate
mortgage loans with three- to seven-year balloons and/or calls in recent years,
achieving a loan portfolio consisting of 31.5% adjustable rate loans, 29.0%
fixed rate loans, and 39.5% balloon and/or call loans.

FINANCIAL CONDITION
 ................................................................................

Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2001 and June 30, 2000.

THE COMPANY'S TOTAL ASSETS INCREASED from $100.7 million at June 30, 2000 to
$107.5 million at June 30, 2001, an increase of $6.8 million, or 6.8%. The
increase was primarily due to increases in net loans receivable of $1.3 million,
office property and equipment of $1.0 million and cash and cash equivalents of
$4.8 million, partially offset by a decrease in certificate of deposits of
$198,000 and a decrease in investment securities held-for-sale of $306,000.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS INCREASED $4.8 million from $2.48 million at June 30,
2000 to $7.28 million at June 30, 2001. The increase was the result of an
increase in deposits, partially offset by the repayment of Federal Home Loan
Bank advances and fund loan demand.

NET LOANS INCREASED $1.3 million from $86.6 million at June 30, 2000 to $87.9
million at June 30, 2001. The increase in the loan portfolio was comprised
primarily of $18.2 million in total loans originated and $2.5 million in funding
of loans purchased, partially offset by $18.7 million in principal repayments.

OFFICE PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT INCREASED $1.0 million from $2.97 million at June
30, 2000 to $3.95 million at June 30, 2001. This increase was primarily due to
the opening of a new office in Clive, Iowa.

TOTAL DEPOSITS INCREASED $9.3 million from $53.6 million at June 30, 2000 to
$62.9 million at June 30, 2001. During fiscal 2001, certificates of deposit
increased $8.7 million, checking accounts increased $390,000, money market
accounts increased $380,000, and savings accounts decreased $175,000. The
increases were due to the Company's more


8                   StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

aggressive pricing of its deposit products, primarily certificates of deposit,
and in part, in the opinion of management, to inflows related to the downturn in
the equity markets.

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY DECREASED $2.5 million from $16.6 million at June 30,
2000 to $14.1 million at June 30, 2001. The decrease primarily resulted from
$3.0 million expended for the repurchase of 256,474 shares of Company common
stock and dividends declared totaling $580,000, partially offset by net income
of $663,300, allocations to the Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") totaling
$124,000, exercised stock options of $116,000, and unrealized gains on
available-for-sale securities of $150,000.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 ................................................................................

Comparison of Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2001 and June 30, 2000.

GENERAL. Net income for the year ended June 30, 2001 decreased $477,000 from
$1.14 million at June 30, 2000 to $663,300 at June 30, 2001. The decrease was
primarily due to increases in non-interest expense of $656,000, provision for
loan losses of $115,000, and a decrease in non-interest income of $121,000.
Partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in net interest income of
$234,000 and a decrease in income tax expense of $181,000.

NET INTEREST INCOME. Net interest income increased $234,000, or 7.7%, from $3.04
million for the year ended June 30, 2000 to $3.27 million for the year ended
June 30, 2001. The increase was due primarily to an increase in the volume of
loans during fiscal 2001.

INTEREST INCOME. Interest income increased $1.21 million, or 17.2%, from $7.02
million for the year ended June 30, 2000 to $8.23 million for the year ended
June 30, 2001. This increase was primarily due to an increase of $10.7 million
in average loans receivable balances and an increase of 0.38% in the average
interest rate on loans over the prior year.

INTEREST EXPENSE. Interest expense increased $975,000 from $3.99 million for the
year ended June 30, 2000 to $4.96 million for the year ended June 30, 2001. The
increase was primarily due to an increase in the average outstanding balance of
Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") advances and to a lesser extent the average
rates paid on certificate of deposit accounts, the average outstanding balance
in certificate of deposit accounts, and the average interest rate paid on FHLB
advances.

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES. The provision for loan losses for the year ended June
30, 2001 was $151,000, an increase of $115,000 as compared to $36,000 for the
year ended June 30, 2000. The increase was related primarily to increases in the
level of non-performing loans. The amounts provided during the fiscal year were
based on management's quarterly analysis of the allowance for loan losses, based
on, among other things, the condition of the loan portfolio, analysis of
specific loans, and regulatory comments. Although the Company maintains its
allowance for loan losses at a level which it considers to be adequate to
provide for potential losses, there can be no assurance that future losses will
not exceed estimated amounts or that additional provisions for loan losses will
not be required in future periods. In addition, the Company's determination as
to the amount of the allowance for loan losses is subject to review by the
regulatory agencies, which can order the establishment of additional general or
specific allowances.

NON-INTEREST INCOME. Non-interest income decreased from $684,000 for the year
ended


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                    9
<PAGE>

June 30, 2000 to $563,000 for the year ended June 30, 2001. The decrease of
$121,000 is primarily the result of a $96,000 loss on sale of investments and to
a lesser extent decreases in real estate operations income and other
non-interest income of $6,000 and $18,000, respectively.

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE. Non-interest expense increased from $2.01 million for the
year ended June 30, 2000 to $2.66 million for the year ended June 30, 2001. The
increase of $656,000 was primarily the result of increases in salaries and
benefit expenses, occupancy expense, legal expense, and other non-operating
expenses of $254,000, $83,000, $123,000 and $152,000, respectively (a result of
the one-time expenses associated with the retirement of the long-time chief
executive officer, expenses incurred defending a proxy fight launched in 2000
and costs associated with the opening of a new branch office). The increase was
also the result of an increase in real estate operation expense of $10,000, an
increase in data processing expense of $21,000, and an increase in advertising
expense of $24,000. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in
federal deposit insurance premiums of $11,000.

INCOME TAX EXPENSES. Income tax expense decreased from $537,000 for the year
ended June 30, 2000 to $356,000 for the year ended June 30, 2001. The decrease
of $181,000 was primarily due to the decrease in taxable income.

Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2000 and June 30, 1999.

GENERAL. Net income for the year ended June 30, 2000 increased $122,000 from
$1.02 million at June 30, 1999 to $1.14 million at June 30, 2000. Net interest
income increased $340,000. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in
non-interest income of $89,000, an increase in non-interest expense of $80,000
and an increase in income taxes of $48,000.

INTEREST INCOME. Interest income increased $326,000 to $7.0 million for fiscal
2000 compared to $6.70 million for fiscal 1999 due primarily to an increase in
total loans receivable.

INTEREST EXPENSE. Interest expense decreased $14,000 from $4.0 million for
fiscal 1999 to $3.99 million in fiscal 2000. The decrease was due to a decrease
in the balance in deposits, offset by the effect of the increase in total
advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank.

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES. The provision for loan losses for fiscal 2000
remained unchanged at $36,000 for the years ended June 30, 1999 and June 30,
2000. The amounts provided during the fiscal year were based on management's
quarterly analysis of the allowance for loan losses, based on, among other
things, the condition of the loan portfolio, the local economy, and regulatory
comments. Although the Company maintains its allowance for loan losses at a
level which it considers to be adequate to provide for potential losses, there
can be no assurance that future losses will not exceed estimated amounts or that
additional provisions for loan losses will not be required in future periods. In
addition, the Company's determination as to the amount of the allowance for loan
losses is subject to review by the regulatory agencies, which can order the
establishment of additional general or specific allowances.

NON-INTEREST INCOME. Non-interest income decreased from $773,100 in fiscal 1999
to $684,100 in fiscal 2000. The decrease of $89,000 is primarily the result of a
$41,000 decrease in real estate operations income, and a $48,000 decrease in
other non-interest income.

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE. Non-interest expense increased from $1.9 million in fiscal
1999 to


10                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

$2.0 million in fiscal 2000. The increase of $80,500 is primarily the result of
an increase in salaries and employee benefits of $116,100, an increase in
occupancy expense of $2,600, and an increase in advertising of $4,700, partially
offset by a decrease in investment real estate operations expense of $16,800, a
decrease in Federal deposit insurance premiums of $10,100, a decrease in other
non-interest expense of $11,800, and a decrease in data processing services of
$4,100.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE. Income tax expense was $536,900 in fiscal 2000 compared to
$488,900 in fiscal 1999, an increase of $48,000. Income tax expense increased
due to the increase in taxable income.

ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT
 ................................................................................

The measurement and analysis of the exposure of the Association to changes in
the interest rate environment is referred to as asset/liability management. A
primary objective of asset/liability management is to manage interest rate risk.
The Association monitors its asset/liability mix on an ongoing basis and, from
time to time, may institute certain changes in its product mix and asset and
liability maturities.

The Association focuses lending efforts toward offering adjustable-rate loan
products and balloon loans as an alternative to more traditional fixed-rate
30-year mortgage loans. At June 30, 2001, the Company had $28.8 million of
adjustable-rate loans which comprised over 33.6% of the Association's loan
portfolio. The Association has not historically sold its loans.

The primary objective of the Association's investment strategy is to provide
liquidity necessary to meet funding needs as well as to address daily, cyclical
and long-term changes in the asset/liability mix, while contributing to
profitability by providing a stable flow of dependable earnings. Investments
generally include interest-bearing deposits in other federally insured financial
institutions, FHLB stock, U.S. Government securities, and certain issues of
corporate equity securities.

Generally, the investment policy of the Association is to invest funds among
various categories of investments and maturities based upon the Company's need
for liquidity, to achieve the proper balance between its desire to minimize risk
and maximize yield, to provide collateral for borrowings, and to fulfill the
Association's asset/liability management policies.

The Association's cost of funds responds to changes in interest rates due to the
relatively short-term nature of its deposit portfolio. Consequently, the results
of operations are influenced by the levels of short-term interest rates. The
Association offers a range of maturities on its deposit products at competitive
rates and monitors the maturities on an ongoing basis.

An approach used by management to quantify interest rate risk is the net
portfolio value ("NPV") analysis. In essence, this approach calculates the
difference between the present value of liabilities, expected cash flows from
assets and cash flows from off-balance sheet contracts. Under OTS regulations,
an institution's "normal" level of interest rate risk in the event of an
immediate and sustained 200 basis point change in interest rates is a decrease
in the institution's NPV in an amount not exceeding 2% of the present value of
its assets. Pursuant to this regulation, thrift institutions with greater than
"normal" interest rate exposure must take a deduction from their total capital
available to meet their risk-based capital requirement. The amount of that
deduction is one-half of the difference between (a) the institution's actual
calculated exposure to the 200 basis point interest rate increase or decrease
(whichever results in the


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   11
<PAGE>

greater pro forma decrease in NPV) and (b) its "normal" level of exposure which
is 2% of the present value of its assets. Savings institutions, however, with
less than $300 million in assets and a total capital ratio in excess of 12%,
will be exempt from this requirement unless the OTS determines otherwise. The
OTS has postponed the implementation of the rule until further notice.

The following table sets forth, at June 30, 2001, an analysis of the Bank's
interest rate risk as measured by the estimated changes in NPV resulting from
instantaneous and sustained parallel shifts in the yield curve (+/-300 basis
points, measured in 100 basis point increments).

   Change in           Estimated             Estimated Increase
 Interest Rates           NPV                (Decrease) in NPV
 (Basis Points)          Amount             Amount       Percent
 --------------          ------             ------       -------
                         (Dollars in Thousands)
    +300 bp              8,265             -2,367          -22%
    +200 bp              9,146             -1,487          -14%
    +100 bp              9,947               -685           -6%
       0 bp             10,633
    -100 bp             11,064                431           +4%
    -200 bp             11,403                770           +7%
    -300 bp             11,747              1,114          +10%

Certain assumptions utilized in assessing the interest rate risk of thrift
institutions were employed in preparing the preceding table.

These assumptions relate to interest rates, loan prepayment rates, deposit decay
rates, and the market values of certain assets under the various interest rate
scenarios. It was also assumed that delinquency rates will not change as a
result of changes in interest rates although there can be no assurance that this
will be the case. Even if interest rates change in the designated amounts, there
can be no assurance that the Company's assets and liabilities would perform as
set forth. In addition, a change in U.S. Treasury rates in the designated
amounts accompanied by a change in the shape of the Treasury yield curve would
cause significantly different changes to the NPV than indicated.

AVERAGE BALANCES, INTEREST RATES AND YIELDS

The following table presents for the periods indicated the total dollar amount
of interest income from average interest earning assets and the resultant
yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest bearing liabilities,
expressed both in dollars and rates. No tax equivalent adjustments were made.
All average balances are monthly average balances. Non-accruing loans have been
included in the table as loans carrying a zero yield.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Year Ended June 30,

                                             ==========================================================================
                                                             2001                                   2000
                                               Average     Interest                   Average     Interest
                                             Outstanding    Earned/       Yield/    Outstanding    Earned/
                                               Balance       Paid          Rate       Balance       Paid
                                             -----------   --------       -----     -----------   --------
                                                                         (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                            <C>          <C>            <C>        <C>          <C>
Interest-Earning Assets:
 Interest-earning bank accounts .........      $ 3,646      $   162        4.44%      $ 3,135      $   143
 Certificates of deposit invested in
  other institutions ....................          411           26        6.33           732           46
 Investment and other securities ........        2,047          102        4.98         2,338          146
 Loans receivable(1) ....................       89,869        7,842        8.73        79,105        6,608
 FHLB stock .............................        1,663           99        5.95         1,194           78
                                               -------      -------        ----       -------      -------
  Total interest-earning assets(1) ......      $97,636      $ 8,231        8.43       $86,504      $ 7,021
                                               =======      =======        ====       =======      =======
Interest-Bearing Liabilities:
  Savings accounts ......................        3,420           93        2.72         3,539           97
  Checking accounts .....................        3,277           40        1.22         2,605           42
  Money market accounts .................        4,750          173        3.64         4,819          174
  Certificates of deposit ...............       44,706        2,787        6.23        43,277        2,452
  FHLB advances .........................       32,543        1,928        5.92        21,716        1,269
  Effect of capitalized interest ........           --          (60)         --            --
                                               -------      -------        ----       -------      -------
  Total interest-bearing liabilities ....      $88,696      $ 4,961        5.59%      $75,956      $ 3,985
                                               =======      =======        ====       =======      =======
 Net interest income ....................                   $ 3,270                                $ 3,036
                                                            =======                                =======
 Net interest rate spread ...............                                  2.84%
                                                                           ====
 Net earning assets .....................      $ 8,940                                $10,548
                                               =======                                =======
 Net yield on average
  interest-earning assets ...............                                  3.35%
                                                                           ====
 Average interest-earning assets to
  average interest-bearing liabilities ..                     1.101x                                 1.139x
                                                            =======                                =======

<CAPTION>
                                                      Year Ended June 30,
                                             ==============================================
                                                                          1999
                                                            Average     Interest
                                               Yield/     Outstanding    Earned/     Yield/
                                                Rate        Balance       Paid        Rate
                                             ----------   -----------   --------     ------
                                                    (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                            <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
Interest-Earning Assets:
 Interest-earning bank accounts .........      4.56%        $ 9,678      $  459       4.74%
 Certificates of deposit invested in
  other institutions ....................      6.28           1,332          78       5.86
 Investment and other securities ........      6.24           2,246         137       6.10
 Loans receivable(1) ....................      8.35          69,904       5,951       8.51
 FHLB stock .............................      6.53           1,102          71       6.44
                                               ----         -------      ------       ----
  Total interest-earning assets(1) ......      8.12         $84,262      $6,696       7.95
                                               ----         =======      ======       ====
Interest-Bearing Liabilities:
  Savings accounts ......................      2.74           3,561          97       2.72
  Checking accounts .....................      1.61           2,333          34       1.46
  Money market accounts .................      3.61           4,418         160       3.62
  Certificates of deposit ...............      5.66          44,199       2,597       5.88
  FHLB advances .........................      5.84          18,921       1,112       5.88
  Effect of capitalized interest ........        --              --          --         --
                                               ----         -------      ------       ----
  Total interest-bearing liabilities ....      5.25%        $73,432      $4,000       5.45%
                                               ----         =======      ======       ====
 Net interest income ....................                                $2,696
                                                                         ======
 Net interest rate spread ...............      2.87%                                  2.50%
                                               ====                                   ====
 Net earning assets .....................                   $10,830
                                                            =======
 Net yield on average
  interest-earning assets ...............      3.51                                   3.20%
                                               ====                                   ====
 Average interest-earning assets to
  average interest-bearing liabilities ..                                 1.147x
                                                                         ======
</TABLE>

----------
      (1)   Calculated net of deferred loan fees, loan discounts, loans in
            process and loss reserves.


12                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS
 ................................................................................

The following schedule presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income
and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities. It distinguishes between the increase or decrease
related to changes in average outstanding balances and that due to the
volatility of interest rates. For each category of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to
(i) changes in volume (i.e., changes in volume multiplied by old rate) and (ii)
changes in rate (i.e., changes in rate multiplied by old volume). For purposes
of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be
segregated, have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and
the change due to rate.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Year Ended June 30,                  Year Ended June 20,
                                                    -------------------                  -------------------
                                                       2001 v. 2000                         2001 v. 2000

                                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              Increase (Decrease)                   Increase (Decrease)
                                              Due to                                Due to

                                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       Total                               Total
                                                                      Increase                            Increase
                                              Volume       Rate      (Decrease)     Volume       Rate    (Decrease)

                                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                           <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
Interest-earning assets:
  Interest-earning bank accounts .......      $  23       $  (4)      $    19       $(299)      $ (17)      $(316)
  Certificates of deposit invested in
    other institutions .................        (20)         --           (20)        (37)          5         (32)
  Investments and other securities .....        (17)        (27)          (44)          6           3           9
  Loans receivable .....................        929         305         1,234         770        (113)        657
  FHLB stock ...........................         28          (7)           21           6           1           7
                                              -----       -----       -------       -----       -----       -----
  Total interest-earning assets ........      $ 943       $ 267       $ 1,210       $ 446       $(121)      $ 325
                                              =====       =====       =======       =====       =====       =====

Interest-bearing liabilities:
  Savings accounts .....................          9         (11)           (2)         (1)          1          --
  Checking accounts ....................         (3)         (1)           (4)          4           4           8
  Money market accounts ................         (3)          2            (1)         14          --          14
  Certificates of deposit ..............         83         252           335         (53)        (92)       (145)
  FHLB advances ........................        641          18           659         163          (6)        157
                                              -----       -----       -------       -----       -----       -----
  Total interest-bearing liabilities ...      $ 727       $ 260       $   987       $ 127       $ (93)      $  34
                                              =====       =====       =======       =====       =====       =====

Net interest income, before effect of
  capitalized interest .................                              $   223                               $ 291
Effect of capitalized interest .........                                   11                                  49
                                                                      -------                               -----
Net interest income ....................                              $   234                               $ 340
                                                                      =======                               =====
</TABLE>

INTEREST RATE SPREAD
 ................................................................................

The Company's results of operations are determined primarily by net interest
income and, to a lesser extent, fee income, miscellaneous income, and operating
expenses. Net interest income is determined by the interest rate spread between
the yields earned on its interest-earning assets and the rates paid on
interest-bearing liabilities and by the relative amounts of interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities.

The following table sets forth the weighted average effective interest rate
earned by the Company on its loan and investment portfolios, the weighted
average effective cost of the Company's deposits and borrowings, the interest
rate spread of the Company and the net yield on weighted average
interest-earning assets at year end.


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   13
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           At June 30,
                                                                    -------------------------
                                                                    2001      2000      1999
                                                                    -------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>       <C>       <C>
Weighted average yield on:
Loans receivable ..............................................     8.47%     8.35%     8.25%
Interest-earning bank accounts ................................     3.57      5.90      5.49
Certificates of deposit invested in other institutions ........     6.87      6.35      6.54
Investments and other securities ..............................     5.07      4.89      5.33
FHLB stock ....................................................     4.56      6.86      6.25
  Combined weighted average yield on interest-earning assets ..     7.99      8.17      7.84
Weighted average rate paid on:
Savings accounts ..............................................     2.83      2.83      2.83
Checking accounts .............................................     1.44      1.52      1.60
Money market accounts .........................................     3.29      3.30      3.29
Certificates of deposit .......................................     6.12      6.12      5.62
FHLB advances .................................................     5.21      6.31      5.70
  Combined weighted average rate paid on interest-bearing
    liabilities ...............................................     5.41      5.75      5.23
Spread ........................................................     2.58      2.42      2.62
</TABLE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
 ................................................................................

The OTS requires the Association to maintain a safe and sound level of liquid
assets. Such assets may include United States Treasury, federal agency, and
other investments having maturities of five years or less and are intended to
provide a source of relatively liquid funds upon which the Association may rely,
if necessary, to fund deposit withdrawals and other short-term funding needs.
The Association's regulatory liquidity at June 30, 2001 was 11.2%.

The Company's primary sources of funds consist of deposits, FHLB advances,
repayments of loans, and interest earned on certificates of deposits in other
institutions. Management believes that loan repayments and other sources of
funds will be adequate to meet the Company's foreseeable liquidity needs.

The primary financing activity of the Company during the fiscal year ended June
30, 2001 has been the increasing deposit base. The net increase in deposit
accounts was $9.3 million during fiscal year 2001.

Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term responsibility of management.
The Company adjusts its investments in liquid assets based upon management's
assessment of (i) expected loan demand, (ii) expected deposit flows, (iii)
yields available on interest-bearing deposits and (iv) the objectives of its
asset/liability management program. Excess liquidity is invested generally in
interest-bearing overnight deposits and other short-term government and agency
obligations. If the Company requires additional funds beyond its internal
ability to generate, it has additional borrowing capacity with the FHLB of Des
Moines.

The Company anticipates that it will have sufficient funds available to meet
current loan commitments. At June 30, 2001, the Company had outstanding
commitments to extend credit which amounted to $2.9 million. The Company is not
aware of any trends, events or uncertainties which will have or that are
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Company's liquidity, capital
resources or operations.

Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature in one year or less at June 30,
2001, totaled approximately $34.0 million. Based on historical experience,
management believes that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with
the Association. There can be no assurance, however, that the Association can
retain all such deposits. At June 30, 2001, the Association had $29.2 million in
advances from the FHLB of Des Moines outstanding.

As a savings and loan holding company of a federal stock savings and loan
association, the Company's capital currently consists of stock-


14                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

holders' equity including retained earnings. At June 30, 2001, the Company's
stockholders' equity totaled $14.1 million, or 13.1% of assets.

At June 30, 2001, the Association had tangible and core capital of $6.0 million,
or 5.87% of adjusted total assets, respectively, which was approximately $4.4
million and $1.9 million above the minimum requirements of 1.5% and 4.0%
respectively, of the adjusted total assets in effect on that date. On June 30,
2001, the Association had risk-based capital of $6.3 million (including $6.0
million in core capital), or 9.91% of risk-weighted assets of $64.0 million.
This amount was $1.2 million above the 8% requirement in effect on that date.

IMPACT OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES
 ................................................................................

The Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto presented herein have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles which
require the measurement of financial position and results of operations in terms
of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing
power of money over time because of inflation. The impact of inflation is
reflected in the increased cost of the Company's operations. Unlike most
industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of the Company
are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant
impact on the Company's performance than the effects of general levels of
inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or in
the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services.

IMPACT OF NEW
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
 ................................................................................

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS.

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," that requires entities to
recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet
at fair value. If certain conditions are met, a derivative may be specifically
designated as a fair value hedge, a cash flow hedge, or a foreign currency
hedge. A specific accounting treatment applies to each type of hedge. Entities
may reclassify securities from the held-to-maturity category to the
available-for-sale category at the time of adopting SFAS No. 133. As amended,
SFAS No. 133 is effective for all fiscal quarters of fiscal years beginning
after June 15, 2000 (as of June 30, 2000 for the Company). The Company adopted
SFAS No. 133 on July 1, 2000. The Company had no held to maturity securities at
the time of adoption. The Company has not engaged in derivatives and hedging
activities covered by the new standard, and does not expect to do so in the
foreseeable future. Accordingly, SFAS No. 133 is not expected to have any impact
on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers and
Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishment of Liabilities." SFAS No. 140
supercedes and replaces the guidance in SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   15
<PAGE>

Extinguishments of Liabilities," and rescinds SFAS No. 127, "Deferral of the
Effective Date of Certain Provisions of FASB Statement No. 125." SFAS No. 140
provides accounting and reporting standards for securitization transactions
involving financial assets, sales of financial assets such as receivables, loans
and securities, factoring transactions, washsales, servicing assets and
liabilities, collateralized borrowing arrangements, securities lending
transactions, repurchase agreements, loan participations, and extinguishment of
liabilities. The Company does not believe the implementation of SFAS No. 140
will have a material impact on its financial condition.

In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations" and SFAS No.
142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." These standards effectively
eliminate the use of pooling accounting for business combinations and eliminate
the amortization of goodwill created in connection with business combinations.
As the Company has no such intangible assets, the implementation of these
Statements will not have a material impact on its financial condition or results
of operations.


16                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
 ................................................................................

                          Independent Auditor's Report

Board of Directors
StateFed Financial Corporation
Des Moines, Iowa

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of StateFed
Financial Corporation and subsidiary as of June 30, 2001 and 2000, and the
related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years ended June 30, 2001, 2000 and
1999. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
StateFed Financial Corporation and its subsidiary as of June 30, 2001 and 2000
and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each
of the three years ended June 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

McGowen, Hurst, Clark & Smith, P.C.


/s/ McGowen, Hurst, Clark & Smith, P.C.
---------------------------------------
McGowen, Hurst, Clark & Smith, P.C.
West Des Moines, Iowa
August 10, 2001


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   17
<PAGE>

                         STATEFED FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 June 30,
                                                                     --------------------------------
                                                                          2001               2000
                                                                     -------------      -------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                <C>
ASSETS
  Cash and cash equivalents
    Non-interest bearing                                             $     587,266      $     281,585
    Interest bearing                                                     6,691,285          2,195,909
                                                                     -------------      -------------
                                                                         7,278,551          2,477,494
  Investments in certificates of deposit                                   297,272            495,692
  Investment securities available-for-sale                               1,924,855          2,231,274
  Loans receivable, net                                                 87,898,936         86,572,585
  Real estate held for investment, net                                   2,106,442          2,175,785
  Property acquired in settlement of loans                               1,320,458          1,337,847
  Office property and equipment, net                                     3,947,620          2,965,659
  Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost                                  1,762,200          1,464,600
  Accrued interest receivable                                              630,166            573,293
  Other assets                                                             382,936            390,550
                                                                     -------------      -------------

      TOTAL ASSETS                                                   $ 107,549,436      $ 100,684,779
                                                                     =============      =============

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Deposits                                                           $  62,987,496      $  53,648,118
  Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank                              29,185,149         29,283,906
  Advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance                          395,032            353,743
  Accrued interest payable                                                 170,864            140,243
  Income taxes
    Current                                                                 58,544            197,992
    Deferred                                                               144,997             99,000
  Accounts payable and other liabilities                                   392,053            198,689
  Dividends payable                                                        127,633            113,220
                                                                     -------------      -------------
      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                 93,461,768         84,034,911

Stockholders' equity
    Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 500,000 shares authorized,
     none issued                                                                --                 --
    Common stock, $.01 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized
     1,780,972 shares issued with 1,276,326 (2001) and 1,509,600
     (2000) shares outstanding                                              17,810             17,810
    Additional paid-in capital                                           8,522,356          8,546,501
    Retained earnings - substantially restricted                        10,861,853         10,778,818
    Less treasury stock (504,646 and 271,372 shares, at cost)           (5,195,834)        (2,362,921)
    Less common stock acquired by employee stock
     ownership plan                                                       (143,866)          (205,761)
    Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) --
     net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale
     securities, net of related tax effects                                 25,349           (124,579)
                                                                     -------------      -------------
      TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                        14,087,668         16,649,868
                                                                     -------------      -------------

      TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                     $ 107,549,436      $ 100,684,779
                                                                     =============      =============
</TABLE>


18                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001

<PAGE>

                         StateFed Financial Corporation
                       Consolidated Statements of Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year ended June 30,
                                                           --------------------------------------
                                                               2001           2000         1999
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>          <C>
INTEREST INCOME
   Loans receivable interest                               $ 7,842,292    $6,608,263   $5,950,625
   Investment securities and other interest                    388,767       413,313      744,777
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------
                                                             8,231,059     7,021,576    6,695,402
INTEREST EXPENSE
   Deposits                                                  3,055,787     2,731,412    2,888,006
   Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank                  1,905,468     1,254,358    1,111,563
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------
                                                             4,961,255     3,985,770    3,999,569
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------

      NET INTEREST INCOME                                    3,269,804     3,035,806    2,695,833

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES                                      151,000        36,000       36,000
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------

      NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER
         PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES                           3,118,804     2,999,806    2,659,833

NON-INTEREST INCOME
   Investment real estate operations                           518,719       524,514      565,503
   Gain (loss) on sale of available-for-sale investments       (95,880)        1,940       52,602
   Other                                                       140,024       157,633      155,046
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------
                                                               562,863       684,087      773,151
NON-INTEREST EXPENSE
   Salaries and employee benefits                            1,287,057     1,032,790      916,692
   Investment real estate operations                           321,672       312,090      328,904
   Occupancy expenses                                          245,830       162,779      160,202
   Federal deposit insurance premiums                           38,563        49,887       60,023
   Data processing services                                    128,429       107,328      111,459
   Advertising                                                  62,644        38,379       33,639
   Legal fees                                                  156,477        33,898        7,116
   Other                                                       421,213       269,131      307,759
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------
                                                             2,661,885     2,006,282    1,925,794
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------
      INCOME BEFORE PROVISION
         FOR INCOME TAXES                                    1,019,782     1,677,611    1,507,190

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES                                     356,460       536,860      488,900
                                                           -----------    ----------   ----------

      NET INCOME                                           $   663,322    $1,140,751   $1,018,290
                                                           ===========    ==========   ==========

Basic earnings per share                                   $      0.45    $     0.78   $     0.68
                                                           ===========    ==========   ==========
Diluted earnings per share                                 $      0.44    $     0.76   $     0.67
                                                           ===========    ==========   ==========
</TABLE>


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   19
<PAGE>

                         STATEFED FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Year ended June 30,
                                                     -------------------------------------
                                                       2001        2000           1999
                                                     --------   -----------    -----------
<S>                                                  <C>        <C>            <C>
Net income                                           $663,322   $ 1,140,751    $ 1,018,290

Other comprehensive income, net of tax effects:

   Unrealized holding gains (losses) on securities
      arising during the year                          90,003      (127,082)       (85,097)

   Reclassification adjustment - realized (gains)
      losses on securities during the year             59,925        (1,300)       (31,028)
                                                     --------   -----------    -----------
         Net change in other comprehensive income     149,928      (128,382)      (116,125)
                                                     --------   -----------    -----------

Comprehensive income                                 $813,250   $ 1,012,369    $   902,165
                                                     ========   ===========    ===========
</TABLE>


20                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

                         StateFed Financial Corporation
           Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Years ended June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                                       Accumulated
                                                                                             Common        Other
                                              Additional                                      Stock    Comprehensive      Total
                                    Common     Paid-in         Retained       Treasury       Acquired      Income     Stockholders'
                                     Stock     Capital         Earnings         Stock        By ESOP      (Loss)         Equity

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>         <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance at June 30, 1998         $   17,810  $  8,474,205    $  9,457,310   $ (1,643,697)  $ (341,270)  $  119,928    $  16,084,286

  Net income for the year                                       1,018,290                                                 1,018,290
  Dividends declared                                             (385,216)                                                 (385,216)
  ESOP common stock released
     for allocation                                81,292                                      69,980                       151,272
  Treasury stock acquired -
     59,000 shares                                                              (689,688)                                  (689,688)
  Treasury stock reissued to fund
     stock options exercised -
     12,112 shares                                (37,839)                        98,399                                     60,560
  Change in unrealized gains
     (losses) on available-for-
     sale securities, net of
     related tax effects                                                                                  (116,125)        (116,125)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1999             17,810     8,517,658      10,090,384     (2,234,986)    (271,290)       3,803       16,123,379

  Net income for the year                                       1,140,751                                                 1,140,751
  Dividends declared                                             (452,317)                                                 (452,317)
  ESOP common stock released
     for allocation                                60,240                                      65,529                       125,769
  Treasury stock acquired -
     18,000 shares                                                              (202,313)                                  (202,313)
  Treasury stock reissued to fund
     stock options exercised -
     8,596 shares                                 (31,397)                        74,378                                     42,981
  Change in unrealized gains
     (losses) on available-for-
     sale securities, net of
     related tax effects                                                                                  (128,382)        (128,382)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 2000             17,810     8,546,501      10,778,818     (2,362,921)    (205,761)    (124,579)      16,649,868

  Net income for the year                                         663,322                                                   663,322
  Dividends declared                                             (580,287)                                                 (580,287)
  ESOP common stock released
     for allocation                                62,575                                      61,895                       124,470
  Treasury stock acquired -
     256,474 shares                                                           (3,035,632)                                (3,035,632)
  Treasury stock reissued to fund
     stock options exercised -
     23,200 shares                                (86,720)        202,719                                                   115,999
  Change in unrealized gains
     (losses) on available-for-
     sale securities, net of
     related tax effects                                                                                   149,928          149,928
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 2001          $  17,810  $  8,522,356   $  10,861,853   $ (5,195,834)  $ (143,866)  $   25,349    $  14,087,668
====================================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   21
<PAGE>

                         StateFed Financial Corporation
                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Year ended June 30,
                                                                  ------------------------------------------
                                                                      2001           2000            1999
                                                                  -----------    ------------    -----------
<S>                                                               <C>            <C>             <C>
Cash flows from operating activities
   Net income                                                     $   663,322    $  1,140,751    $ 1,018,290
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to
      net cash provided by operating activities:
         Depreciation                                                 223,048         167,385        160,449
         Gain on sale of real estate                                  (18,873)        (50,094)       (53,835)
         Amortization of ESOP and RRP contributions                   124,470         125,770        151,271
         Realized (gains) losses on sale of available-for-sale         95,880          (1,940)       (52,602)
            securities
         Deferred loan fees                                            17,530          35,970         (9,635)
         Provision for losses on loans                                151,000          36,000         36,000
         Deferred income taxes                                        (43,962)        (21,293)        13,000
         Other                                                             --          13,134         18,607
         Change in:
            Accrued interest receivable                               (63,573)        (37,265)         6,218
            Other assets                                               14,326          61,759         22,959
            Accrued interest payable                                   30,621           6,470           (478)
            Current income tax liability                             (139,448)         70,349        108,624
            Accounts payable and other liabilities                    193,364           1,634        (95,177)
                                                                  -----------    ------------    -----------
            Net cash provided by operating activities               1,247,705       1,548,630      1,323,691

Cash flows from investing activities
   Investment in certificates of deposits                                  --         (99,000)      (198,000)
   Maturity of investments in certificates of deposit                 198,420         487,000        792,046
   Proceeds from sale or maturity of available-for-sale
      investment securities                                           450,426         703,660      1,124,853
   Purchase of available-for-sale investment securities                    --      (1,194,123)      (420,259)
   Purchase of FHLB stock                                            (297,600)       (317,000)      (198,600)
   Net increase in loans outstanding                               (1,482,619)    (13,953,559)    (3,199,516)
   Investment in real estate held for investment                       (1,922)        (36,555)       (55,472)
   Investment in real estate held for development                         (12)         79,987         (4,731)
   Proceeds from sales of real estate                                  24,000          65,500         13,000
   Investment in property acquired in settlement of loans                  --        (595,028)          (840)
   Purchases of equipment and construction of office property      (1,133,744)     (1,438,782)      (112,134)
                                                                  -----------    ------------    -----------
         Net cash flows provided (used) by investing activities    (2,243,051)    (16,297,900)    (2,259,653)

Cash flows from financing activities
   Net increase (decrease) in deposits                              9,339,378      (1,064,954)     1,041,271
   Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank                             6,000,000      10,500,000      6,000,000
   Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances                    (6,098,757)        (93,141)    (6,087,843)
   Net increase (decrease) in advances from borrowers                  41,289          16,372         (3,315)
   Proceeds from stock options exercised                              116,000          42,981         60,560
   Dividends paid                                                    (565,875)       (453,397)      (349,211)
   Treasury stock purchased                                        (3,035,632)       (202,313)      (689,688)
                                                                  -----------    ------------    -----------
         Net cash flows provided (used) by financing activities     5,796,403       8,745,548        (28,226)
                                                                  -----------    ------------    -----------

CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                 4,801,057      (6,003,722)      (964,188)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year                        2,477,494       8,481,216      9,445,404
                                                                  -----------    ------------    -----------

   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year                         $ 7,278,551    $  2,477,494    $ 8,481,216
                                                                  ===========    ============    ===========
</TABLE>


22                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

NOTE A

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BUSINESS--StateFed Financial Corporation (the Company), organized under the laws
of the State of Delaware, is a thrift holding company. The Company owns 100% of
the outstanding capital stock of State Federal Savings and Loan Association (the
Association). Its primary business activity is the operation of the Association.

The Association provides a full range of banking services to individual and
corporate customers from its three offices located in Des Moines and Clive,
Iowa. The Association's wholly-owned subsidiary, State Service Corporation, owns
and operates residential apartment units.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION--The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of StateFed Financial Corporation, State Federal Savings and Loan
Association and its wholly-owned subsidiary, State Service Corporation. All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.

USE OF ESTIMATES--The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly from those
estimates.

Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in
the near-term relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and
the valuation of assets acquired in connection with foreclosures or in
satisfaction of loans. In connection with the determination of the allowances
for loan losses and the valuation of assets acquired by foreclosure, management
obtains independent appraisals for significant properties.

Management believes that the allowances for losses on loans and valuations of
assets acquired by foreclosure are adequate and appropriate. While management
uses available information to recognize losses on loans and assets acquired by
foreclosure, future loss may be accruable based on changes in economic
conditions, particularly the economic conditions of central Iowa. In addition,
various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process,
periodically review the Company's allowances for losses on loans and valuations
of assets acquired by foreclosure. Such agencies may require the Company to
recognize additional losses based on their judgment of information available to
them at the time of their examination.

INVESTMENTS IN CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT--The Company invests in certificates of
deposit issued by other federally insured financial institutions located
throughout the United States. The Company limits its investments in certificates
to $100,000 per financial institution. The investments in certificates of
deposit are carried at cost. Brokerage or other fees paid to acquire the
certificates are capitalized and amortized against interest income, using the
interest method, over the term of the certificate.

INVESTMENT AND OTHER SECURITIES--Investments in debt securities which management
has the intent and the Company has the ability to hold to maturity are carried
at cost, adjusted for purchase premiums or discounts. Purchase premiums or
discounts are amortized through interest income using the interest method over
the period to maturity.

Debt securities to be held for indefinite periods of time, including debt
securities that management intends to use as part of its asset/liability
strategy, or that may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, changes
in prepayment risk, the need to increase regulatory capital or other similar
factors, are classified as available-for-sale and recorded at fair value. Equity
securities are also carried at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses,
net of


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   23
<PAGE>

tax, on securities available for sale are reported as a net amount as a separate
component of stockholders' equity.

The Association, as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, is required
to maintain an investment in capital stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des
Moines (FHLB). The stock is recorded at cost, which represents anticipated
redemption value.

Gains and losses on the sale of investment securities are determined using the
specific identification method.

LOANS RECEIVABLE--Loans receivable are stated at unpaid principal balances, less
an allowance for loan losses, deferred loan origination fees, and discounts. The
Company has both the intent and the ability to hold loans receivable to
maturity.

A valuation allowance is provided for estimated losses on loans when a probable
and reasonably estimable loss or decline in value occurs. Loans are reviewed
periodically to determine potential problems at an early date. The Company's
experience has shown that foreclosures on loans can result in some loss.
Therefore, in addition to an allowance for specific loans, the Company makes a
provision for losses based in part on experience and part on prevailing market
conditions. Additions to allowances are charged to earnings.

Uncollectible interest on loans that are contractually past due is charged off,
or an allowance is established based on management's periodic evaluation. The
allowance is established by a charge to interest income equal to all interest
previously accrued, and income is subsequently recognized only to the extent
that cash payments are received until, in management's judgment, the borrower's
ability to make periodic interest and principal payments returns to normal, in
which case the loan is returned to accrual status.

The Company accounts for impaired loans by measuring impaired loans based upon
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's
effective interest rate or, as an alternative, at the loan's observable market
price or fair value of the collateral.

A loan is defined as impaired when, based on current information and events, it
is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according
to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The Company considers investment
in one-to-four family residential loans and consumer installment loans to be
homogeneous and therefore excluded from separate identification for evaluation
of impairment. With respect to the Company's investment in multi-family and
nonresidential loans, and their evaluation of impairment thereof, such loans are
collateral dependent and, as a result, are carried as a practical expedient at
the lower of cost or fair value.

It is the Company's policy to charge off unsecured credits that are more than 90
days delinquent. Similarly, collateral dependent loans which are more than
ninety days delinquent are considered to constitute more than a minimum delay in
repayment and are evaluated for impairment at that time. The Company had no
investment in impaired loans at June 30, 2001 and 2000.

The Company defers loan fees (net of direct loan origination costs) received in
the origination process, and recognizes those fees over the contractual life of
the related loan as a yield adjustment.

PROPERTY ACQUIRED IN SETTLEMENT OF LOANS--Property acquired in the settlement of
loans, or where the loan is in-substance foreclosed, is initially recorded at
the lower of fair value (less estimated costs to sell the real estate) at the
date of foreclosure, or the loan balance. Costs relating to improvement of the
property are capitalized, whereas costs relating to the holding of the property
are expensed. Valuation allowances are established and adjusted periodically by
management if the carrying value of the property exceeds its fair value, less
estimated costs to sell the property.


24                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

OFFICE PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT--Property and equipment acquired by the Company is
recorded at cost. Depreciation is provided using straight-line or accelerated
methods over the estimated useful lives of the related assets.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS--The Company does not participate in interest-rate
exchange agreements, hedging or other similar financial instruments.

ADVERTISING COSTS--Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.

INCOME TAXES--The Company provides for deferred income taxes using an
asset-and-liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the
asset-and-liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax
consequences of "temporary differences" by applying enacted statutory tax rates
to differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of
existing assets and liabilities.

The Company and its subsidiary file a consolidated federal income tax return and
separate state income tax returns.

EARNINGS PER SHARE--Basic earnings per common share are computed based upon the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings per common share include the dilutive effect of additional potential
common shares issuable under the Company's stock option plan. The computation of
earnings per share are as follows:

                                                     Year Ended June 30,
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                2001         2000         1999
                                             -----------------------------------
Weighted-average common
     shares outstanding (basic)              1,468,121    1,462,969    1,459,591
Dilutive effect of assumed
     exercise of stock options                  29,491       30,257       38,344
                                             -----------------------------------
Weighted-average common
     shares outstanding (diluted)            1,497,612    1,493,226    1,497,935
                                             ===================================

NOTE B

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments with maturities of three months or less, when purchased,
to be cash equivalents. The Company had cash deposits of approximately
$6,370,000 at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines at June 30, 2001.

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION

                                                    Year Ended June 30,
                                          --------------------------------------
                                             2001          2000          1999
                                          --------------------------------------
Income taxes paid                         $  539,869    $  487,804    $  380,276
                                          ======================================
Interest paid on deposits and
FHLB advances
(includes interest credited to
 deposit accounts)                        $4,990,324    $4,028,474    $4,000,047
                                          ======================================

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Property acquired through foreclosure totaled $197,343, $74,087 and $41,937
during fiscal years 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. The Company also
financed $209,400, $424,000 and $219,900 of loans for borrowers to purchase real
estate owned by the Company during fiscal years 2001, 2000, and 1999,
respectively.

NOTE C

INVESTMENTS IN CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT

The Company invests in certificates of deposit issued by other financial
institutions, up to a maximum of $100,000 per institution. Following is a
summary of the future maturities of the certificates at June 30, 2001:

                                                        Interest
                                                          Rate           Amount
                                                      --------------------------
Mature during fiscal year:
  2002                                                6.85% - 7.00%      198,000
  2005                                                    6.75%           99,000
                                                                        --------
                                                                         297,000
Unamortized broker fees                                                      272
                                                                        --------
                                                                        $297,272
                                                                        ========

Following is a summary of certificates by interest rate range:

                                                               June 30,
                                                      --------------------------
                                                        2001              2000
                                                      --------------------------
Interest rates:
  5.00% - 5.99%                                       $     --          $198,000
  6.00% - 6.99%                                        198,000           198,000
  7.00% - 7.99%                                         99,000            99,000
                                                      --------          --------
                                                       297,000           495,000
  Unamortized broker fees                                  272               692
                                                      --------          --------
                                                      $297,272          $495,692
                                                      ========          ========


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   25
<PAGE>

NOTE D

INVESTMENT SECURITIES

Following is a summary of investment securities (all securities are classified
as available-for-sale):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Gross        Gross
                                Amortized    Unrealized   Unrealized        Fair
                                   Cost        Gains        Losses          Value
                                -----------------------   -------------------------
<S>                             <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>
June 30, 2001:
U.S. government and agency
   debt securities              $  200,000   $   4,472    $        --    $  204,472
   Municipal bonds                 101,305          --           (130)      101,175
   Equity securities             1,582,991      37,237         (1,020)    1,619,208
                                -----------------------   -------------------------
                                $1,884,296   $  41,709         (1,150)   $1,924,855
                                =======================   =========================
June 30, 2000:
   U.S. government and agency
   debt securities              $  450,000   $      --    $    (4,202)   $  445,798
   Municipal bonds                 101,440          --         (1,447)       99,992
   Equity securities             1,879,160          --       (193,677)    1,685,484
                                -----------------------   -------------------------
                                $2,430,600   $      --    $  (199,326)   $2,231,274
                                =======================   =========================
</TABLE>

The contractual maturities of debt securities are shown below. Actual maturities
are expected to differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the
right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment
penalties.

                                           Weighted
                                            Average    Amortized     Fair
                                             Yield        Cost       Value
                                           ---------------------------------
Due in one year or less                          --%   $      --   $      --
Due after one year through five years            --%          --          --
Due after five years through ten years(1)      6.48%     301,305     305,647
Due after ten years                              --%          --          --
                                                       ---------------------
                                                       $ 301,305   $ 305,647
                                                       =====================

(1)   $200,000 callable in fiscal year 2002

The Company had realized gains (losses) on the sale of investment securities
totaling ($95,880), $1,940, and $52,602 during fiscal years 2001, 2000, and
1999, respectively. Proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale equity
securities totaled $99,790 for 2001, $3,660 for 2000, and $113,643 for 1999.

Following is a summary of investment income:

                                                       Year Ended June 30,
                                                --------------------------------
                                                  2001        2000        1999
                                                --------------------------------
U.S. government and agency securities           $ 19,733    $ 46,452    $ 69,179
Municipal bonds                                    4,865       4,865       4,596
Certificates of deposit                           26,354      46,302      78,061
FHLB stock dividends                              98,939      78,156      71,213
Interest-bearing cash accounts                   162,059     143,492     459,334
Equity securities dividends                       76,817      94,046      62,394
                                                --------------------------------
                                                $388,767    $413,313    $744,777
                                                ================================

NOTE E

LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET

Following is a summary of loans receivable:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  June 30,
                                                        ----------------------------
                                                            2001            2000
                                                        ----------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>
Real estate mortgage loans:
   Secured by one-to-four family residences             $ 55,178,876    $ 54,078,222
   Secured by commercial and multi-family real estate     31,243,376      31,070,668
   Construction loans                                      1,308,950         719,000
                                                        ----------------------------
      Total real estate mortgage loans                    87,731,202      85,867,890

Consumer and other loans                                   1,606,121       1,426,043
                                                        ----------------------------
                                                          89,337,323      87,293,933
Less:
   Allowance for loan losses                                (382,325)       (258,801)
   Undisbursed portion of mortgage loans                    (717,387)       (141,582)
   Unamortized balance on purchased loan premiums
     (discounts)                                                 260             439
   Deferred loan fees                                       (338,935)       (321,404)
                                                        ----------------------------

      Loans receivable, net                             $ 87,898,936    $ 86,572,585
                                                        ============================
</TABLE>

A significant portion of loans receivable consist of first mortgage loans issued
to finance purchases of real estate, principally one-to-four family residences.
The real estate is located primarily in the greater Des Moines area. There is no
significant concentration of credit risk to specific industries.

Commercial and multi-family real estate loans include participating interests in
loans purchased by the Company. Participation loans purchased totaled
approximately $11,110,000 and $12,000,000 at June 30, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. A significant portion of these participation loans are secured by
real estate located outside of Iowa.

The economic condition of the Company's market area can affect its borrowers'
ability to repay their loans. The Company has no significant restructured
troubled debt.

The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in
the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of its customers and
to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial
instruments primarily include commitments to extend credit. These instruments
involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess
of the amounts recognized in the statements.

The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the
other party to the financial instrument for loan commitments is


26                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the
same credit policies in making commitments as it does for on-balance-sheet
instruments.

At June 30, 2001, the Company had outstanding commitments to fund real estate
loans of $2,909,744. The commitments were primarily for adjustable interest rate
commercial real estate loans on real estate located across the Midwest.

Loan commitments are agreements to lend to customers as long as there are no
violations of any conditions established in the contracts. Commitments generally
have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment
of a fee. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being
drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future
cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a
case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by
the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit evaluation
of the borrower. Collateral held is primarily residential and commercial real
estate, but may include autos, consumer goods and other assets.

In the normal course of business, the Company has made loans to its directors,
officers and their related business interests. Regulations allow executive
officers and directors to receive the same loan terms through benefit or
compensation plans that are widely available to other employees, as long as the
director or executive officer is not given preferential treatment compared to
other participating employees. The aggregate dollar amount of loans outstanding
to directors, officers and their related business interests totaled
approximately $1,831,000, $2,070,000 and $1,935,000 at June 30, 2001, 2000 and
1999, respectively.

The Company serviced participation loans with outstanding balances totaling
$2,390,890 and $2,385,312 at June 30, 2001 and 2000 respectively. The Company's
portion of these loans totaled $1,814,806 and $1,415,921 at June 30, 2001 and
2000, respectively.

The Company did not sell any portion of its loan portfolio, or loans originated,
during the years ended June 30, 2001 and 2000.

Activity in the allowance for loan losses is summarized as follows:

                                                    Year Ended June 30,
                                           -------------------------------------
                                              2001          2000          1999
                                           -------------------------------------
Balance at beginning of year               $ 258,801     $ 242,129     $ 206,129
   Provision charged to income (1)           151,000        36,000        36,000
   Charge-offs                               (27,476)      (19,328)           --
                                           -------------------------------------

Balance at end of year                     $ 382,325     $ 258,801     $ 242,129
                                           =====================================

(1)   An additional $100,000 provision was made by management to the allowance
      during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2001 as a result of a regulatory
      examination.

Non-accrual loans totaled $1,265,893 and $717,000, respectively, at June 30,
2001 and 2000. Loan interest income for the year ended June 30, 2001 and 2000
would have increased by $68,133 and $34,300, respectively, if interest income
had been accrued on these past-due loans. There were no significant non-accrual
loans as of June 30, 1999.

As of June 30, 2001, the Company had a net investment of $87,898,936 in loans
receivable. These loans possess an inherent credit risk given the uncertainty
regarding the borrower's compliance with the terms of the loan agreement. To
reduce credit risk, the loans are secured by varying forms of collateral,
including first mortgages on real estate, liens on personal property, savings
accounts, etc. It is generally Company policy to file liens on titled property
taken as collateral on loans, such as real estate and autos. In the event of
default, the Company's policy is to foreclose or repossess collateral on which
it has filed liens.

In the event that any borrower completely failed to comply with the terms of the
loan agreement and the related collateral proved worthless, the Company would
incur a loss equal to the loan balance.


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   27
<PAGE>

NOTE F

REAL ESTATE HELD FOR INVESTMENT

The Company owns and operates a 60-unit apartment complex and a 22-unit
apartment complex located in the Des Moines area. The units rent for $450 to
$635 per month under rental agreements which do not exceed one year.

Following is a summary of the Company's investment in these real estate
projects:

                                                            June 30,
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                     2001               2000
                                                 ------------------------------
Rental real estate, at cost                      $ 2,752,011        $ 2,750,089
Less accumulated depreciation                       (645,569)          (574,304)
                                                 ------------------------------

                                                 $ 2,106,442        $ 2,175,785
                                                 ==============================

NOTE G

PROPERTY ACQUIRED IN SETTLEMENT OF LOANS

The Company held one property acquired in the settlement of loans at June 30,
2001. The commercial building property has a carrying value of $1,320,458.
Management believes the carrying value of the property does not exceed the fair
value of the property, net of anticipated selling costs. The commercial building
was sold on contract subsequent to June 30, 2001 resulting in no significant
gain or loss to the Company.

No gains or losses were recognized from adjusting the carrying value of property
acquired in settlement of loans to fair value during 2001, 2000, or 1999.

NOTE H

OFFICE PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Following is a summary of office property and equipment:

                                                              June 30,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                         2001           2000
                                                     --------------------------
Land                                                 $   975,000    $   725,210
Office building                                        2,903,501        471,615
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                        754,665        484,486
Office space under development                                --      1,832,901
                                                     --------------------------
                                                       4,633,166      3,514,212
Less accumulated depreciation                           (685,546)      (548,553)
                                                     --------------------------

            Office property and equipment, net       $ 3,947,620    $ 2,965,659
                                                     ==========================

The Company leases a portion of one of its office buildings on a month-to-month
basis. Aggregate monthly rental receipts total approximately $4,200.

The Company constructed an office complex in Clive, Iowa (a suburb of Des
Moines). Approximately 60% of the building is being used by the Company, with
the remaining space available for lease to commercial tenants. Construction was
completed during 2001 at a total cost of approximately $2,700,000, including
land costs. Costs incurred for the years ending June 30, 2001 and 2000 include
capitalized interest of $59,690 and $49,174, respectively.

NOTE I

ACCRUED INTEREST RECEIVABLE

Following is a summary of accrued interest receivable:

                                                                 June 30,
                                                         -----------------------
                                                           2001           2000
                                                         -----------------------
Investments in certificates of deposit                   $    957       $  1,661
Investment securities                                       9,396         11,663
Loans receivable                                          619,813        559,969
                                                         -----------------------

                                                         $630,166       $573,293
                                                         =======================

NOTE J

DEPOSITS

Savings deposit customers are primarily greater Des Moines area individuals and
businesses. Deposits with balances in excess of $100,000 totaled $6,074,082 and
$3,478,328 at June 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Non-interest bearing deposit
accounts totaled approximately $1,433,898 and $1,163,500 at June 30, 2001 and
2000, respectively.

Deposit accounts held by members of the board of directors and executive
officers totaled $500,765 and $814,739 at June 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively.


28                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

Following is a summary of savings deposits as of June 30, 2001 and 2000 and
interest expense relating to those deposits for the years then ended:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       2001                           2000
                           ----------------------------------------------------------
                           Outstanding      Interest      Outstanding      Interest
                              Balance        Expense         Balance        Expense
                           ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
Demand deposits            $  3,018,793   $     40,473    $  2,627,441   $     42,442
Savings and money
   market deposits            8,232,546        265,603       8,025,588        271,419
Certificates of deposits     51,736,157      2,793,127      42,995,089      2,458,111
                           ----------------------------------------------------------
                           $ 62,987,496      3,099,203    $ 53,648,118      2,771,972
                           ============                   ============
Less penalties for early
   withdrawals                                  (6,451)                        (6,586)
Less allocation of
   capitalized interest                        (36,965)                       (33,974)
                                          ------------                   ------------

                                          $  3,055,787                   $  2,731,412
                                          ============                   ============
</TABLE>

The scheduled maturities of certificates of deposit are as follows:

Fiscal-year ending June 30:
   2002                                                              $34,013,861
   2003                                                                9,695,441
   2004                                                                3,807,530
   2005                                                                2,706,141
   2006                                                                1,513,184
                                                                     -----------
                                                                     $51,736,157
                                                                     ===========

NOTE K

ADVANCES FROM FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK

Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, which are secured by a
blanket pledge agreement, including all stock in the FHLB and qualifying first
mortgage loans, consisted of the following at June 30, 2001:

o     Fixed rate advance due in monthly principal and interest payments of
      $16,737 through January 31, 2013. The outstanding balance of the advance
      was $1,685,149 at June 30, 2001.

o     The following fixed rate advances, which are subject to prepayment
      penalties:

    Maturity Date                                Interest Rate          Amount
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
November 2, 2001                                     6.46%           $ 3,000,000
November 21, 2002                                    6.14%             5,000,000
June 30, 2008 (1)                                    5.52%             3,000,000
September 11, 2008 (2)                               4.99%             6,000,000
                                                                     -----------
                                                                     $17,000,000
                                                                     ===========

                        (1) Callable in fiscal year 2003
                        (2) Callable in fiscal year 2001

o     Fed Funds Advances totaling $10,500,000 at June 30, 2001. The advances
      mature daily, but renew automatically. Interest adjusts daily (4.34% at
      June 30, 2001), based on the FHLB's short-term investment returns.

Scheduled maturities of the advances are as follows:

                                                                    Interest
Year ending June 30,                               Amount             Rates
                                                --------------------------------
2002                                            $13,604,713       4.34% - 6.46%
2003                                              5,111,028       5.87% - 6.14%
2004                                                117,723               5.87%
2005                                                124,833               5.87%
2006                                                132,350               5.87%
Thereafter                                       10,094,502       4.99% - 5.87%
                                                -----------
                                                $29,185,149
                                                ===========

The weighted average interest rate for all advances was 5.21% and 6.31% at June
30, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

NOTE L

INCOME TAXES

Prior to the year ended June 30, 1997, the savings and loan subsidiary was
allowed a special bad debt deduction based on a percentage of taxable income
(8%), or on specified experience formulas, subject to certain limitations based
on aggregate loan balances at the end of the year. The special bad debt
deduction has been repealed for thrift institutions. Legislation also requires
thrifts to recapture, over a six-year period, bad debt reserves added since
January 1, 1988 (approximately $184,000 remains to be recaptured). Recapture of
pre-1988 reserves (approximately $1,353,000) is required only under limited
circumstances, such as if a thrift pays dividends in excess of its earnings and
profits or liquidates. The recapture is not expected to have a material effect
on results of operations as the Company has provided a deferred tax liability
for special bad debt deductions since January 1, 1988. The Company, in
accordance with SFAS No. 109, has not recorded a deferred tax liability of
approximately $510,000 relating to pre-1988 bad debt reserves.


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   29
<PAGE>

Taxes on income consist of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Year Ended June 30,

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          2001                                   2000                                  1999

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Federal       State        Total       Federal       State        Total       Federal         State       Total

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>
 Current   $ 338,357    $  62,065    $ 400,422    $ 471,639    $  86,514    $ 558,153    $ 402,135   $  73,765     $ 475,900
Deferred     (37,148)      (6,814)     (43,962)     (17,993)      (3,300)     (21,293)      10,985       2,015        13,000
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total   $ 301,209    $  55,251    $ 356,460    $ 453,646    $  83,214    $ 536,860    $ 413,120   $  75,780     $ 488,900
==============================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

Taxes on income differ from the "expected" amounts computed by applying the
federal income tax rate of 34 percent to income before taxes for the following
reasons:

                                                    Year Ended June 30,
                                            -----------------------------------
                                               2001         2000         1999
                                            -----------------------------------
Computed "expected" taxes on income         $ 348,000    $ 570,400    $ 512,400
State taxes, net of federal benefit            37,500       64,700       58,200
Low income housing tax credits                (59,000)     (59,000)     (59,000)
Other adjustments                              29,960      (39,240)     (22,700)
                                            -----------------------------------

   Provision for income taxes               $ 356,460    $ 536,860    $ 488,900
                                            ===================================

Temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax
bases of assets and liabilities that give rise to the deferred tax liability at
June 30, 2001 and 2000 were as follows:

                                                                June 30,
                                                         ----------------------
                                                            2001         2000
                                                         ----------------------
Federal Home Loan Bank stock (income tax payable
   when shares received as stock dividends are sold)     $  63,900    $  63,900
Real estate and equipment (depreciation
   method differences)                                     143,000      123,000
Compensation agreements (deductible when paid
   for income tax reporting purposes)                      (15,700)     (15,700)
Loan fees deferred for financial reporting purposes        (18,900)     (22,300)
Allowance for loan losses                                  (74,500)      (5,200)
Deferred installment sale gains                             33,000       34,000
Unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities          15,200      (74,800)
Other                                                       (1,003)      (3,900)
                                                         ----------------------

   Net deferred income tax liability                     $ 144,997    $  99,000
                                                         ======================

No valuation allowance was recorded against deferred tax assets at June 30, 2001
or 2000.

NOTE M

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN (ESOP)--The Company has established an ESOP for
eligible employees. Employees with at least 1,000 hours of annual service with
the Company and who have attained an age of 21 are eligible to participate. The
ESOP borrowed $687,700 from the Company to purchase up to 8% of the common stock
or 137,540 shares. Collateral for the loan is the common stock purchased by the
ESOP. The loan is repaid principally from the Association's discretionary
contributions to the ESOP over a period of 10 years (through December 31, 2003).
The interest rate for the loan is 7%. Shares purchased by the ESOP are held in a
suspense account for allocation among participants as the loan is repaid.
Expense of $124,470, $125,770, and $151,300 was recorded relative to the ESOP
for the years ended June 30, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

Contributions to the ESOP and shares released from the suspense account in an
amount proportional to the repayment of the ESOP loan are allocated among ESOP
participants on the basis of compensation in the year of allocation. Benefits
generally become 100% vested after five years of credited service. Credit for
vesting purposes is given for years of service prior to the effective date of
the ESOP (July 1, 1993). Prior to the completion of five years of credited
service, a participant who terminates employment for reasons other than death,
normal retirement, or disability will not receive any benefit under the ESOP.
Forfeitures are reallocated among remaining participating employees, in the same
proportion as contributions. Benefits may be payable in the form of stock or
cash upon termination of employment.

As shares are released from collateral, the Company reports compensation expense
equal to the current market price of the shares. Dividends on allocated ESOP
shares are recorded as a reduction of retained earnings; dividends on
unallocated ESOP shares are recorded as a reduction of debt and accrued
interest.


30                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

ESOP shares were as follows:

                                                               June 30,
                                                      -------------------------
                                                         2001            2000
                                                      -------------------------
Allocated shares, beginning of year                      88,851          76,378
Distributions of shares                                    (713)           (581)
Shares released for allocation                           12,330          13,054
                                                      -------------------------
   Total allocated shares, end of year                  100,468          88,851
Unreleased shares                                        27,693          40,023
                                                      -------------------------
   Total ESOP shares                                    128,161         128,874
                                                      =========================

Fair value of unreleased shares                       $ 299,361       $ 370,213
                                                      =========================

STOCK OPTION PLAN--The Company authorized options for 171,924 shares of common
stock under the 1993 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). Officers,
directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are eligible to
participate in the Plan. The option exercise price must be at least 100% of the
market value (as defined in the Plan) of the common stock on the date of the
grant, and the option term cannot exceed 10 years. During 1994, the Company's
Compensation Committee granted options for 137,540 shares to certain officers,
directors and employees, at an exercise price of $5 per share. Additional
options for 21,488 shares were granted to certain directors during 2001. Stock
options vest at a rate of 20% per year. There are unexercised outstanding stock
options for 59,594 shares at June 30, 2001. At June 30, 2001, the weighted
average remaining contractual life is 4.8 years for the outstanding unexercised
options.

As allowed by SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," the
Company accounts for stock options and similar equity instruments under
Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees." Entities that elect to continue to account for stock options
using APB Opinion No. 25 are required to make pro-forma disclosure of net
earnings and earnings per share, as if the fair value-based method of accounting
defined in SFAS No. 123 had been applied. Had the Company determined
compensation cost based on the fair value at the grant date for stock options
under SFAS 123, the Company's net income and net income per share would have
been as indicated below:

                                                    Year Ended June 30,
                                             -----------------------------------
                                               2001        2000         1999
                                             -----------------------------------
Net income - as reported                     $663,322   $1,140,751   $1,018,290
Net income - pro forma                        656,187    1,140,751    1,018,290
Basic income per share - as reported             0.45         0.78         0.68
Basic income per share - pro forma               0.45         0.78         0.68
Diluted income per share -as reported            0.44         0.76         0.67
Diluted income per share - pro forma             0.44         0.76         0.67

The fair value of each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following weighted average
assumption used for grants during fiscal 2001: risk-free interest rate of 6.50%,
dividend yield of 4.00%, expected volatility of 34.53%, and expected lives of 5
years. The weighted average fair value of the options granted in fiscal 2001 was
$0.86 per share. The effects of applying SFAS 123 may not be representative of
the effects on reported net earnings for future years. No options were granted
by the Company during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2000 and 1999.

A summary of the status of the Company's stock option plan as of June 30, 2001
and 2000, and the changes during the years ended on those dates is presented
below:

                                                           Year ended June 30,
                                                         ----------------------
                                                          2001           2000
                                                         ----------------------
Unexercised options, beginning of year                    61,306         69,902
Stock options granted                                     21,488             --
Stock options exercised                                  (23,200)        (8,596)
                                                         ----------------------

   Unexercised options, end of year                       59,594         61,306
                                                         ======================

SIMPLIFIED EMPLOYEE PENSION PLAN--The Company provides a simplified employee
pension plan (SEP) to its employees. The plan allows employees over the age of
18 to make tax-deferred contributions to the SEP. The Company is also allowed to
make discretionary contributions to the SEP. No Company discretionary
contributions were made to the SEP during fiscal years 2001, 2000, and 1999.


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   31
<PAGE>

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS--The Company has entered into certain employment
agreements with key officers. Under the terms of the agreements, the employees
are entitled to additional compensation in the event of a change in control of
the Company and the employees are involuntarily terminated within twelve months
of the change in control. A change in control is generally triggered by the
acquisition or control of 10% or more of the Company's common stock.

NOTE N

REGULATORY AND CAPITAL MATTERS

The Association is subject to minimum regulatory capital standards promulgated
by the Office of Thrift Supervision (the "OTS"). Failure to meet minimum capital
requirements can initiate certain mandatory--and possibly additional
discretionary--actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on its financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines
and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Association must
meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the
Association's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as
calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Association's capital
amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the
regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors.

The minimum capital standards of the OTS generally require the maintenance of
regulatory capital sufficient to meet each of four tests, hereinafter described
as the tangible equity requirement, the core capital requirement, the risk-based
capital requirement and the Tier I risk-based capital requirement. The tangible
equity requirement provides for minimum tangible capital (defined as
stockholders' equity less all intangible assets) equal to 1.5% of adjusted total
assets. The core capital requirement provides for minimum core capital (tangible
capital plus certain forms of supervisory goodwill and other qualifying
intangible assets) equal to 4.0% of adjusted total assets. The risk-based
capital requirement provides for the maintenance of core capital plus general
loss allowances equal to 8.0% of risk-weighted assets, while the Tier I
risk-based capital requirement is core capital equal to at least 4.0% of
risk-weighed assets. In computing risk-weighted assets, the Association
multiplies the value of each asset on its statement of financial condition by a
defined risk-weighting factor, e.g., one-to-four family residential loans carry
a risk-weighted factor of 50%.

Management believes that the Association has met all capital adequacy
requirements to which it is


32                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

subject.

Following is a summary of the Association's regulatory capital as of June 30,
2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  To be "well-capitalized"
                                                             For capital           Under prompt corrective
                                                          adequacy purposes           Action provisions
                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
                                        Actual        Greater than or equal to:   Greater than or equal to:
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Capital     Ratio     Capital        Ratio        Capital        Ratio
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>           <C>     <C>              <C>        <C>             <C>
Tangible equity (1)             $ 5,957,000   5.87%   $ 1,522,080      1.50%           NA           NA
Core capital (1)                $ 5,957,000   5.87%   $ 4,058,880      4.00%      $ 5,073,600      5.00%
Risk-based capital (2)          $ 6,339,000   9.91%   $ 5,118,720      8.00%      $ 6,398,400     10.00%
Tier I risk-based capital (2)   $ 5,957,000   9.31%   $ 2,559,360      4.00%      $ 3,839,040      6.00%
</TABLE>

(1) - To adjusted total assets
(2) - To risk-weighted assets

The Association established a liquidation account when it converted from a
federally chartered mutual savings bank to a federally chartered stock savings
bank. The liquidation account was equal to the Association's net worth as of the
date of the consolidated financial statements contained in the final prospectus
used to sell the common stock at June 30, 1993. The liquidation account is
maintained for the benefit of depositors with deposits as of the March 31, 1993
eligibility record date, who continue to maintain their deposits in the
Association after conversion. In the event of a complete liquidation (and only
in such an event), each eligible depositor will be entitled to receive a
liquidation distribution from the liquidation account in the proportionate
amount of the then current adjusted balance for deposits then held, before any
liquidation distribution may be made with respect to the stockholders. Except
for the repurchase of stock and payment of dividends by the Association, the
existence of the liquidation account will not restrict the use or application of
retained earnings.

The Company's management believes that, under the current regulatory capital
regulations, the Association will continue to meet its minimum capital
requirements in the foreseeable future. However, events beyond the control of
the Association, such as increased interest rates or a downturn in the economy
in the Associations' market area, could adversely affect future earnings and,
consequently, the ability to meet future minimum regulatory capital
requirements.

Under current OTS regulations, a savings institution may make a capital
distribution without notice to the OTS, unless it is a subsidiary of a holding
company, provided that it has a regulatory rating in the two top categories, is
not of supervisory concern, and would remain adequately capitalized, as defined
in the OTS prompt corrective action regulations, following the proposed
distribution. Savings institutions that would remain adequately capitalized
following the proposed distribution but do not meet the other noted requirements
must notify the OTS 30 days prior to declaring a capital distribution. The OTS
stated it will generally regard as permissible that amount of capital
distributions that do not exceed 50% of the institution's excess regulatory
capital plus net earnings to date during the calendar year. A savings
institution may not make a capital distribution without prior approval of the
OTS and the FDIC if it is under-capitalized before, or as a result of, such a
distribution. The OTS may object to a capital distribution if it would
constitute an unsafe or unsound practice.

NOTE O

TREASURY STOCK REPURCHASE

During 2001, the Company repurchased 231,744 shares of common stock through the
use of a Modified Dutch Auction. The shares were repurchased for $11.50 per
share. The Company also incurred legal and other costs related to the Modified
Dutch Auction totaling approximately


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   33
<PAGE>

$106,000 that have been included as part of the Company's cost to acquire the
shares.

NOTE P

FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments," requires
disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments, both assets and
liabilities whether or not recognized in the consolidated statements of
financial condition, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. For
financial instruments where quoted market prices are not available, fair values
are based on estimates using present value and other valuation methods.

The methods used are greatly affected by the assumptions applied, including the
discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Therefore, the fair values
presented may not represent amounts that could be realized in exchange for
certain financial instruments.

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating its
fair value disclosures for financial instruments at June 30, 2001 and 2000:

CASH AND AMOUNTS DUE FROM DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS--The carrying amounts of cash
and amounts due from depository institutions approximate their fair value.

INVESTMENTS IN CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSITS--The fair values disclosed for
investments in certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash
flow calculation that applies interest rates currently available on certificates
to a schedule of aggregated remaining maturities of the certificates.

INVESTMENT SECURITIES--Fair values for securities, excluding restricted equity
securities, are based on quoted market prices. The carrying values of restricted
equity securities (Federal Home Loan Bank stock) approximate fair values.

LOANS RECEIVABLE--For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and have no
significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values.
Fair values for fixed-rate loans are estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar
terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Fair values for impaired loans are
estimated using discounted cash flow analyses or underlying collateral values,
where applicable.

DEPOSIT LIABILITIES--The fair values disclosed for NOW, money market and
passbook savings accounts equal their carrying amounts. Fair values for
certificates of deposits are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation
that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a
schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities of the certificates.

ADVANCES FROM THE FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK--The fair value of the Company's debt
is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the Company's current
incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.

The estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    June 30, 2001               June 30, 2000
                                               ----------------------------------------------------
                                                Carrying        Fair        Carrying        Fair
                                                 Amount         Value        Amount         Value
                                               ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Financial assets
   Cash and cash equivalents                   $7,278,176    $7,278,176    $2,477,494    $2,477,494
   Investments in certificates of deposit         297,272       300,109       495,692       502,912
   Investment securities available-for-sale     1,924,855     1,924,855     2,231,274     2,231,274
   Loans receivable                            87,898,936    89,322,000    86,572,585    86,202,000
   Federal Home Loan Bank stock                 1,762,200     1,762,200     1,464,600     1,464,600
Financial liabilities
   Deposits                                    62,987,496    63,455,604    53,648,118    54,081,396
   Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank        29,185,149    29,174,453    29,283,906    28,933,711
</TABLE>


34                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

NOTE Q - Parent Company Condensed Financial Statements

Following are condensed financial statements of the parent company, StateFed
Financial Corporation:

                             CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                             -----------------------

                                                             June 30
                                                   ----------------------------
ASSETS                                                 2001            2000
------                                             ------------    ------------
Cash and cash equivalents                          $  1,032,002    $    326,644
Investment in subsidiary                              7,079,434       9,348,785
Advances to subsidiary                                1,072,374         578,034
Investment securities                                   365,228         381,413
Loans receivable                                      4,231,063       4,276,028
ESOP note receivable - subsidiary                       171,925         240,695
Real estate held for investment                       1,182,275       1,221,032
Other assets                                            366,707         427,329
                                                   ------------    ------------
                                                   $ 15,501,008    $ 16,799,960
                                                   ============    ============
LIABILITIES
-----------
Dividends payable                                  $    127,633    $    113,220
Note payable to subsidiary                            1,200,000              --
Other liabilities                                        85,707          36,872
                                                   ------------    ------------
                                                      1,413,340         150,092
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
--------------------
Common stock                                             17,810          17,810
Additional paid-in capital                            8,522,356       8,546,501
Retained earnings                                    10,861,853      10,778,818
Treasury stock                                       (5,195,834)     (2,362,921)
Less common stock acquired by employee stock
   ownership plan                                      (143,866)       (205,761)
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)            25,349        (124,579)
                                                   ------------    ------------
                                                     14,087,668      16,649,868
                                                   ------------    ------------
                                                   $ 15,501,008    $ 16,799,960
                                                   ============    ============

                              CONDENSED STATEMENT OF INCOME

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Year ended June 30,
                                                   -------------------------------------
                                                      2001          2000         1999
                                                   ----------    ----------   ----------
<S>                                                <C>           <C>          <C>
Operating income - interest and dividend income    $  464,855    $  411,161   $  353,213
Operating expenses                                    416,268       139,426      147,525
                                                   ----------    ----------   ----------

Income before undistributed income of subsidiary       48,587       271,735      205,688

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary          568,428       914,200      834,113
                                                   ----------    ----------   ----------

Income before income tax                              617,015     1,185,935    1,039,801

Provision (credit) for income tax                     (46,307)       45,184       21,511
                                                   ----------    ----------   ----------
   Net income                                      $  663,322    $1,140,751   $1,018,290
                                                   ==========    ==========   ==========
</TABLE>


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   35
<PAGE>

NOTE Q - PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                             CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Year ended June 30,
                                                     -----------------------------------------
                                                         2001           2000           1999
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                        $   663,322    $ 1,140,751    $ 1,018,290
   Cash dividends received from subsidiary             3,000,000             --      3,200,000
   Deferred income taxes                                   9,001          7,184        (11,000)
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
     from operating activities:
      Depreciation and amortization                       38,756         38,757         39,261
      Loss (gain) on sale of investments                  95,880         (1,940)       (46,311)
      Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary      (568,428)      (914,200)      (834,113)
      Change in other assets                             (15,685)        53,488         14,969
      Change in other liabilities                         48,835        (16,433)        10,133
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
                                                       3,271,681        307,607      3,391,229

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Purchase of investment securities                          --        (88,123)      (318,559)
   Proceeds from sale of investment securities            99,789          3,660        113,644
   Proceeds from maturing certificates of deposit             --         94,392        593,158
   Proceeds from sale of real estate
     for development                                          --             --             --
   Investment in real estate for development                  --         75,735        (47,016)
   Changes in investment in and advances
     to subsidiary                                      (494,340)        67,325             --
   Increase (decrease) in loans receivable                44,965     (3,021,484)       (86,232)
   Payment received on ESOP debt                          68,770         68,770         68,770
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
                                                        (280,816)    (2,799,725)       323,765

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Treasury stock purchased                           (3,035,632)      (202,313)      (689,688)
   Proceeds from options exercised                       116,000         42,981         60,560
   Proceeds from note payable                          1,200,000             --             --
   Dividends paid                                       (565,875)      (453,397)      (349,211)
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------
                                                      (2,285,507)      (612,729)      (978,339)
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
   equivalents                                           705,358     (3,104,847)     2,736,655

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year             326,644      3,431,491        694,836
                                                     -----------    -----------    -----------

   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year            $ 1,032,002    $   326,644    $ 3,431,491
                                                     ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>


36                  StateFed Annual Report o September 2001
<PAGE>

STATEFED FINANCIAL CORPORATION STOCKHOLDER INFORMATION

ANNUAL MEETING
 ................................................................................

The Annual Meeting of Stockholders
will be held at 2:00 p.m. CST
October 24, 2001 at
13523 University Avenue, Clive, Iowa.

STOCK LISTING
 ................................................................................

StateFed Financial Corporation common stock is traded on the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Small-Cap System under the symbol
"SFFC."

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK
 ................................................................................

The following table sets forth, for the periods shown, the high and low prices
of the common stock and cash dividends per share declared. The prices reflect
inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown or commissions, and do
not necessarily represent actual transactions.

QUARTER ENDED                                  HIGH          LOW       DIVIDENDS
-------------                                  ----          ---       ---------
March 31, 1999                                 10.3750       9.6875        0.075
June 30, 1999                                   12.500        9.000        0.075
September 30, 1999                              12.125       10.875        0.075
December 31, 2000                               11.000        7.500        0.075
March 31, 2000                                   9.000        7.750        0.075
June 30, 2000                                   9.3125        7.875        0.075
September 30, 2000                               10.50        8.750        0.075
December 31, 2000                                11.00         9.50        0.125
March 31, 2001                                 11.0625        8.875         0.10
June 30, 2001                                    11.26         8.50         0.10

Dividend restrictions are described in the notes to consolidated financial
statements included in this report.

The stock price information set forth in the table above was provided by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System. The
average of the bid and asked prices of StateFed Financial Corporation's common
stock on September 7, 2001 was $10.56.

At September 4, 2001, there were 1,277,326 shares of StateFed Financial
Corporation common stock issued and outstanding and there were approximately 174
holders of record.

SHAREHOLDERS AND GENERAL
INQUIRIES TRANSFER AGENT
 ................................................................................

Andra K. Black
Co-President and Chief Financial Officer
StateFed Financial Corporation
13523 University Avenue
Clive, Iowa 50325

First Bankers Trust Company, N.A.
1201 Broadway
Quincy, IL 92301
(217) 228-8000

ANNUAL AND OTHER REPORTS
 ................................................................................

A copy of StateFed Financial Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the
year ended June 30, 2001 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
may be obtained without charge by contacting Andra K. Black, Co-President and
Chief Financial Officer, StateFed Financial Corporation, 13523 University
Avenue, Clive, Iowa, 50325.


                    StateFed Annual Report o September 2001                   37





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gex21-25786.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT 21

                           SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT


















<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
                         ------------------------------

                                           Subsidiary or                            Percent of      State of
Parent                                     Organization                             Ownership       Incorporation
------                                     ------------                             ---------       -------------
<S>                                        <C>                                      <C>             <C>
StateFed Financial Corporation             State Federal Savings and Loan           100%            Delaware
                                           Association of Des Moines

State Federal Savings and Loan             State Service Corporation                100%            Iowa
Association of Des Moines
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gex23-25786.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>








                                   EXHIBIT 23

                         CONSENT OF EXPERTS AND COUNSEL












<PAGE>


                [LETTERHEAD OF MCGOWEN HURST CLARK & SMITH, P.C.]



                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S CONSENT
                          -----------------------------


We consent to the use of our independent auditor's report, dated August 10,
2001, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB of StateFed Financial
Corporation for the year ended June 30, 2001.



/s/ McGowen, Hurst, Clark & Smith, P.C.
---------------------------------------
    McGowen, Hurst, Clark & Smith, P.C.



Des Moines, Iowa
September 27, 2001

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
