-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 AMaW1Cy3zaanoKyFTGXEXW8cedy1ukt+Vb2SZSUfwbtCg9maPjBgtiBI7XhaW1zQ
 5/0KbR2CJhMlGzwooQJ8yw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950137-03-001665.txt : 20030324
<SEC-HEADER>0000950137-03-001665.hdr.sgml : 20030324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20030324133017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-03-001665
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20021228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20030324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITTELFUSE INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SWITCHGEAR & SWITCHBOARD APPARATUS [3613]
		IRS NUMBER:				363795742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20388
		FILM NUMBER:		03613523

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7088241188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E. NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c75592e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       Securities and Exchange Commission
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

|X|   Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
      Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2002 or

| |   Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from         to

                         Commission file number 0-20388

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Delaware                                       36-3795742
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 incorporation or organization)

    800 East Northwest Highway,
        Des Plaines, Illinois                                60016
(Address of principal executive offices)                    (Zip Code)

                                  847/824-1188
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, $.01
par value, and Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, $.01 par value

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |X|  No | |

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |X|

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes |X|  No | |

      The aggregate market value of 21,497,491 shares of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $497,236,967 based on the
last reported sale price of the registrant's Common Stock, $.01 par value, as
reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market on June 28, 2002.

      As of March 14, 2003, the registrant had outstanding 21,781,135 shares of
Common Stock, $.01 par value.

      Portions of the following documents have been incorporated herein by
reference to the extent indicated herein:

      Littelfuse, Inc. Proxy Statement dated March 28, 2003 (the "Proxy
      Statement") -- Part III.

      Littelfuse, Inc. Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended December
      28, 2002 (the "Annual Report to Stockholders") -- Parts II and III.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

      Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company" or "Littelfuse") is the world's leading
supplier of circuit protection products for the electronics industry. The
Company provides the broadest line of circuit protection solutions to worldwide
customers. The Company is also the leading provider of circuit protection for
the automotive industry and the third largest producer of electrical fuses in
North America.

      In the electronic market, the Company supplies leading manufacturers such
as Acer, Alcatel, Celestica, Dell, Flextronics, Fuji, GE, HP, IBM, Intel, LG,
Motorola, Nokia, Palm, Samsung and Sony. In the automotive market, the Company's
customers include major automotive manufacturers in North American, Europe and
Asia such as BMW, DaimlerChrysler, Ford Motor, General Motors and Toyota. The
Company also supplies wiring harness manufacturers and auto parts suppliers
worldwide including; Alcoa Fujikawa, Auto Zone, Delphi, Lear, Pep Boys and
Yazaki. The Company also competes in the electrical fuse market with
representative customers such as Abbott, Carrier, Dana, DuPont, John Deere, GE,
Heinz, International Paper, Lithonia Lighting, Marconi, Merck; Otis Elevator,
Procter & Gamble and Rockwell. See "Business Environment: Circuit Protection
Market."

      The Company manufactures many of its products on fully integrated
manufacturing and assembly equipment. The Company fabricates and assembles a
majority of its products and maintains product quality through a rigorous
quality assurance program with all sites certified under ISO 9000 standards and
its world headquarters certified under the QS9000 and ISO 14001 standards.

      The Company's products are sold worldwide through a direct sales force and
manufacturers' representatives. For the year ended December 28, 2002,
approximately 54% of the Company's net sales were to customers outside the
United States (exports and foreign operations).

      References herein to "2000" or "fiscal 2000" refer to the fiscal year
ended December 30, 2000. References herein to "2001" or "fiscal 2001" refer to
the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001. References herein to "2002" or "fiscal
2002" refer to the fiscal year ended December 28, 2002.

      The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are currently
available free of charge through the "Investor Relations" section of the
Company's internet website (http://www.littelfuse.com) as soon as practicable
after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission.


                                       1
<PAGE>

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT: CIRCUIT PROTECTION MARKET

      The Company serves customers in three major product areas of the circuit
protection market; electronic, automotive and electrical or power fuses. Net
sales by product area for the periods indicated are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Fiscal Year
                                               (in thousands)
                                   --------------------------------------
                                     2002           2001           2000
                                   --------       --------       --------
<S>                                <C>            <C>            <C>
             Electronic            $150,838       $146,342       $232,677
             Automotive              98,235         91,061        100,036
             Electrical              34,194         34,746         39,207
                                   --------       --------       --------
                  Total            $283,267       $272,149       $371,920
                                   ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS

Electronic circuit protection products are used to protect circuits in a
multitude of electronic systems. The Company's product offering includes a
complete line of overcurrent and overvoltage solutions including: (1) fuses and
protectors (2) positive temperature coefficient (PTC) resettables (3) varistors
(4) electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors (5) discrete transient voltage
suppression (TVS) diodes, TVS diode arrays and protection thyristors (6) gas
discharge tubes and (7) fuseholders, blocks and other.

Electronic fuses and protectors are devices that contain an element which melts
in an overcurrent condition. Electronic miniature and subminiature fuses are
designed to provide circuit protection in the limited space requirements of
electronic equipment. The Company's fuses are used in a wide variety of
electronic products including wireless telephones, consumer electronics,
computers, modems and telecommunications equipment. The Company markets its
products under the following trademarked and brand names: PICO(R) II; NANO(2)
(R) SMF; ALF(TM) II and SMTelecom(TM).

Resettables are positive temperature coefficient (PTC) polymer devices that
limit the current when an overcurrent condition exists and then reset themselves
once the overcurrent condition has cleared. The Company markets a line of
surface mount PTC devices used primarily for computer and peripheral
applications such as motherboards, disk drives, modems and printers.

Varistors are ceramic-based high-energy absorption devices that provide
transient overvoltage and surge suppression for automotive, telecommunication,
consumer electronics and industrial applications. The Company's product line
offers both radial leaded and multilayer surface mount products.

Electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors are polymer-based devices that protect
an electronic system from failure due to rapid transfer of electrostatic charge
to the circuit. The Company's PulseGuard(R) line of ESD suppressors is used in
PC and PC peripherals, digital consumer electronics and wireless applications.


                                       2
<PAGE>

Discrete diodes, diode arrays and protection thyristors are fast switching
silicon semiconductor structures. Discrete diodes protect a wide variety of
applications from overvoltage transients such as ESD, inductive load switching
or lightning, while diode arrays are used primarily as ESD suppressors.
Protection thyristors are commonly used to protect telecommunications circuits
from overvoltage transients such as those resulting from lightning. Applications
include telephones, modems, data transmission lines and alarm systems.

Gas discharge tubes are very low capacitance devices designed to suppress any
transient voltage event that is greater than the breakover voltage of the
device. These devices are primarily used in telecom interface and conversion
equipment applications as protection from overvoltage transients such as
lightning.

In addition to the above products, the Company is also a supplier of fuse
holders (including OMNI-BLOK(R)), fuse blocks (including Powr-Blok(R) power
distribution systems) and fuse clips primarily to customers that purchase
circuit protection devices from the Company.

AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTS

Fuses are extensively used in automobiles, trucks, buses and off-road equipment
to protect electrical circuits and the wires that supply electrical power to
operate lights, heating, air conditioning, radios, windows and other controls.
Currently, a typical automobile contains 30 to 70 fuses, depending upon the
options installed. The fuse content per vehicle is expected to continue to grow
as more electronic features are included in automobiles. The Company also
supplies fuses for the protection of electric and hybrid vehicles.

The Company is a primary supplier of automotive fuses to United States, Japanese
and European automotive OEMs, automotive component parts manufacturers and
automotive parts distributors. The Company also sells its fuses in the
replacement parts market, with its products being sold through merchandisers,
discount stores and service stations, as well as under private label by national
firms. The Company invented and owns all of the U.S. patents related to the
blade type fuse which is the standard and most commonly used fuse in the
automotive industry. The Company's automotive fuse products are marketed under
the following trademarked brand names: ATO(R), MINI(R), MAXI(TM), MIDI(R),
MEGA(TM) and CablePro(TM).

A majority of the Company's North American automotive fuse sales are made to
wire harness manufacturers that incorporate the fuses into their products. The
remaining automotive fuse sales are made directly to automotive manufacturers
and through distributors who in turn sell most of their products to automotive
product wholesalers, such as warehouse distributors, discount stores and service
stations.

The Company has licensed its patented MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) automotive fuse
designs to Bussmann, a division of Cooper Industries. Bussmann is the Company's
largest domestic competitor. Additionally, the Company has entered into a
licensing agreement with Pacific Engineering Company, Ltd., a Japanese fuse
manufacturer, which produces and distributes the Company's patented MINI(R)
automotive fuses to the Pacific Rim manufacturing operations of


                                       3
<PAGE>

Japanese based automobile manufacturers. See "Business -- Patents, Trademarks
and Other Intellectual Property" and "Competition."

ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS

The Company entered the electrical fuse market in 1983 and manufactures and
sells a broad range of low-voltage circuit protection products to electrical
distributors and their customers in the construction, original equipment
manufacturers ("OEM") and industrial maintenance and repair operations ("MRO")
markets.

Power fuses are used to protect circuits in various types of industrial
equipment and circuits in industrial plants, office buildings and residential
units. They are rated and listed under one of many Underwriters' Laboratories
fuse classifications. Major applications for power fuses include protection from
over-load and short-circuit currents in motor branch circuits, heating and
cooling systems, control systems, lighting circuits and electrical distribution
networks.

The Company's POWR-GARD(R) product line features the Indicator(TM) series power
fuse used in both the OEM and MRO markets. The Indicator(TM) technology provides
visual blown fuse indication at a glance, reducing maintenance and downtime on
production equipment. The Indicator(TM) product offering is widely used in motor
protection and industrial control panel applications.

PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

The Company employs scientific, engineering and other personnel to continually
improve its existing product lines and to develop new products at its research
and engineering facilities in Des Plaines, Illinois and Dundalk, Ireland. The
Product Technology Department maintains a staff of engineers, chemists,
metallurgists, scientists and technicians whose primary responsibility is the
design and development of new products.

Proposals for the development of new products are initiated primarily by sales
and marketing personnel with input from customers. The entire product
development process typically ranges from 6 to 18 months with continuous efforts
to reduce the development cycle. During the fiscal years 2002, 2001 and 2000,
the Company expended $8.3 million, $8.9 million and $11.2 million, respectively,
on product design and development.

PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Company generally relies on patent and trademark laws and license and
nondisclosure agreements to protect intellectual property and proprietary
products. In cases where it is deemed necessary by management, key employees are
required to sign an agreement that they will maintain the confidentiality of the
Company's proprietary information and trade secrets. This information, for
business reasons, is not disclosed to the public.

As of December 28, 2002, the Company owned 128 patents in North America, 15
patents in the European Economic Community and 12 patents in other foreign
countries. The Company has


                                       4
<PAGE>

also registered trademark protection for certain of its brand names and logos.
The 128 North American patents are in the following product categories: 80
electronic, 26 automotive, 21 electrical fuse and 1 miscellaneous.

New products are continually being developed to replace older products. The
Company regularly applies for patent protection on such new products. Although
in the aggregate the Company's patents are important in the operation of its
businesses, the Company believes that the loss by expiration or otherwise of any
one patent or group of patents would not materially affect its business.

The Company currently licenses its MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) automotive fuse
technology to Bussmann, a division of Cooper Industries and the Company's
largest domestic competitor. The license granted in 1987 is nonexclusive and
grants the Company the right to receive royalties of 4% of the licensee's
revenues from the sale of the licensed products with an annual minimum of
$25,000. This license expires upon the expiration of the licensed product
patents.

In addition, a second license covering the MINI(R) Fuse technology was granted
to Pacific Engineering Company, Ltd., a Japanese manufacturer that produces and
distributes the Company's patented automotive fuses to Pacific Rim-based
automotive manufacturers. The license provides the Company with royalties of
2.5% of the licensee's revenues from the sale of the licensed products, with an
annual minimum of $100,000. This second license expires on April 6, 2006.

License royalties amounted to $369,000, $390,000 and $338,000 for fiscal 2002,
2001 and 2000, respectively.

MANUFACTURING

The Company performs the majority of its own fabrication and stamps some of the
metal components used in its fuses, holders and switches from raw metal stock
and makes its own contacts and springs. However, the Company does depend upon a
single source for a substantial portion of its stamped metal end caps for one
family of electronic fuses. The Company believes that alternative stamping
sources are available at prices which would not have a material adverse effect
on the Company. The Company also performs its own plating (silver, nickel, zinc,
tin and oxides). In addition, all thermoplastic molded component requirements
used for such products as the ATO(R), MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) fuse product lines
are met through the Company's in-house molding capabilities.

After components are stamped, molded, plated and readied for assembly, final
assembly is accomplished on fully automatic and semi-automatic assembly
machines. Quality assurance and operations personnel, using techniques such as
Statistical Process Control, perform tests, checks and measurements during the
production process to maintain the highest levels of product quality and
customer satisfaction.

The principal raw materials for the Company's products include copper and copper
alloys, heat resistant plastics, zinc, melamine, glass, silver and solder. The
Company depends upon a sole source for several heat resistant plastics and zinc.
The Company believes that suitable alternative


                                       5
<PAGE>

heat resistant plastics and zinc are available from other sources at prices that
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. All of the other raw
materials are purchased from a number of readily available outside sources.

A computer-aided design and manufacturing system (CAD/CAM) expedites product
development and machine design, while reliability and high power laboratories
test new products, prototype concepts and production run samples. The Company
participates in "Just-in-Time" delivery programs with many of its major
suppliers and actively promotes the building of strong cooperative relationships
with its suppliers by involving them in pre-engineering product and process
development.

MARKETING

The Company's domestic sales and marketing staff of over 70 people maintains
relations with major OEMs and distributors. The Company's sales and engineering
personnel interact directly with the OEM engineers to ensure maximum circuit
protection and reliability within the parameters of the OEM's circuit design.
Internationally, the Company maintains a sales and marketing staff of over 40
people and sales offices in The Netherlands, England, Ireland, Singapore,
Taiwan, Japan, Brazil, Hong Kong, Korea and China. The Company also markets its
products indirectly through a worldwide organization of over 120 manufacturers'
representatives and distributes through an extensive network of electronic,
automotive and electrical distributors.

ELECTRONIC. The Company retains manufacturers' representatives to sell its
electronic products and to call on major domestic and international OEMs and
distributors. The Company distributes approximately one-third of its domestic
products directly to OEMs, with the remainder sold through distributors
nationwide.

In the Asia-Pacific region, the Company maintains a direct sales staff and
utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors in Japan, Singapore,
Korea, Taiwan, China, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia,
Philippines and Australia. In Europe, the Company maintains a direct sales force
and utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors to support a wide
array of customers.

AUTOMOTIVE. The Company maintains a direct sales force to service all the major
automotive OEMs (including the United States manufacturing operations of
foreign-based OEMs) through both the engineering and purchasing departments of
these companies. Twenty-two manufacturers' representatives represent the
Company's products to aftermarket fuse retailers such as Autozone and Pep Boys.
In Europe, the Company uses both a direct sales force and manufacturers'
representatives to distribute its products to Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Volvo, Saab,
Jaguar and other OEMs, as well as aftermarket distributors. In the Asia-Pacific
region, the Company has licensed its automotive fuse technology to a Japanese
firm, which supplies the majority of the automotive fuses to the Japanese
customers in the region including Toyota, Honda and Nissan.


                                       6
<PAGE>

ELECTRICAL. The Company markets and sells its power fuses through manufacturers'
representatives across North America. These representatives sell power fuse
products through an electrical distribution network comprised of approximately
1,600 distributor buying locations. These distributors have customers that
include electrical contractors, municipalities, utilities and factories
(including both MRO and OEM).

The Company's field sales force (including application engineers) and
manufacturers' representatives call on both distributors and end-users
(consulting engineers, municipalities, utilities and OEMs) in an effort to
educate these customers on the capabilities and characteristics of the Company's
products.

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company has three reportable business segments: The Americas, Europe and
Asia-Pacific. For information with respect to the Company's operations in its
three geographic areas for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2002, see "Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Business Segment Information"
incorporated herein by reference.

CUSTOMERS

The Company sells to over 10,000 customers worldwide. No single customer
accounted for more than 10% of net sales during the last three years. During the
2002, 2001 and 2000 fiscal years, net sales to customers outside the United
States (exports and foreign operations) accounted for approximately 53.7%, 51.9%
and 48.4%, respectively, of the Company's total net sales.

COMPETITION

The Company's products compete with similar products of other manufacturers,
some of which have substantially greater financial resources than the Company.
In the electronics market, the Company's competitors include AVX, Bel Fuse,
Bourns, Cooper Electronics, EPCOS, Raychem Division of TYCO International, San-O
Industrial Corp., STMicroelectronics and Wickmann-Werke GmbH. In the automotive
fuse market, the Company's competitors, both in sales to automobile
manufacturers and in the aftermarket, include Bussmann Division of Cooper
Industries, Pudenz Division of Wickmann-Werke and MTA in Italy. The Company
licenses several of its automotive fuse designs to Bussmann. In the electrical
market, the Company's major competitors include Cooper Bussmann and Ferraz
Shawmut. The Company believes that it competes on the basis of innovative
products, the breadth of its product line, the quality and design of its
products and the responsiveness of its customer service in addition to price.

BACKLOG

The backlog of unfilled orders at December 28, 2002 was approximately $29.2
million, compared to $21.9 million at December 29, 2001. 2002 order backlog is
believed to be generally firm and substantially all of the orders are scheduled
for delivery in 2003.


                                       7
<PAGE>

EMPLOYEES

During 2002, the Company employed an average of 3,145 persons. Approximately 50
employees in Des Plaines, 410 employees in Mexico and 155 employees in Ireland
are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Des Plaines agreement
expires March 31, 2005, the Mexico agreement expires February 1, 2005 and the
Ireland agreement expires December 31, 2003. In 2002, the Company completed
negotiations with the unionized employees in Korea related to the announced
restructuring of that facility and there are currently no employees covered by
collective bargaining agreements in Korea. Overall, the Company has historically
maintained satisfactory employee relations and many of its employees have long
experience with the Company.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION

The Company is subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations relating
to air and water quality, the disposal of hazardous waste materials, safety and
health. Compliance with applicable environmental regulations has not
significantly changed the Company's competitive position, capital spending or
earnings in the past and the Company does not presently anticipate that
compliance with such regulations will change its competitive position, capital
spending or earnings for the foreseeable future. The Company employs an
environmental engineer to monitor regulatory matters and believes that it is
currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental
laws and regulations, except with respect to its facility located in Ireland.
This facility was acquired in October 1999 in connection with the acquisition of
the Harris suppression products division. Corrective steps are being taken to
bring this facility into compliance with Irish environmental laws, and the
Company received an indemnity from Harris Corporation with respect to these
matters.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Company's business is subject to several risks and uncertainties, including:
(a) the highly competitive nature of the Company's industry and the impact that
competitors' new products and pricing may have upon the Company, (b) risks
associated with the Company's ability to manufacture and deliver products in a
manner that is responsive to its customers' needs, (c) risks of business
interruption resulting from labor disputes and (d) the likelihood that revenues
may vary significantly from one accounting period to another due to a variety of
factors, including customers' buying decisions, the Company's product mix and
general market and economic conditions. Such factors, as well as shortfalls in
the Company's results of operations as compared with analysts' expectations,
capital market conditions and general economic conditions, may also cause
substantial volatility in the market price of the Company's common stock.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

LITTELFUSE FACILITIES

The Company's operations are located in 21 owned or leased facilities worldwide,
representing an aggregate of approximately 950,000 square feet. The U.S.
headquarters and principal


                                       8
<PAGE>

fabrication and distribution facility is located in Des Plaines, Illinois,
supported by two additional plants in Illinois and one in Mexico. European
headquarters and the primary European distribution center is in Utrecht, The
Netherlands, with manufacturing plants in England, Ireland and Switzerland. Asia
operations include sales and distribution centers located in Singapore, Taiwan,
Japan and Korea, with manufacturing plants in China and the Philippines. The
Company does not believe that it will encounter any difficulty in renewing its
existing leases upon the expiration of their current terms. Management believes
that the Company's facilities are adequate to meet its requirements for the
foreseeable future.

The following table provides certain information concerning the Company's
facilities:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Lease
                                                            Size       Lease/          Expiration
Location                          Use                      (sq.ft.)     Own            Date          Primary Product
- --------                          ---                      --------    ------          ----------    ---------------
<S>                               <C>                      <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>
Des Plaines, Illinois             Administrative,          340,000     Owned                --       Auto, Electronic,
                                  Engineering,                                                       Electrical
                                  Manufacturing,
                                  Testing and Research

Centralia, Illinois               Manufacturing            45,200      Owned                --       Electronic

Arcola, Illinois                  Manufacturing            36,000      Owned                --       Electrical

Piedras Negras, Mexico            Manufacturing            50,031      Leased             2003       Auto, Electronic,
                                                                                                     Electrical

Piedras Negras, Mexico            Manufacturing            12,594      Leased             2003       Electronic and
                                                                                                     Electrical

Piedras Negras, Mexico            Manufacturing,           22,711      Leased             2004       Electronic and
                                  Warehousing                                                        Electrical

Piedras Negras, Mexico            Warehousing              27,306      Leased             2006       Electronic and
                                                                                                     Electrical

Swindon, England                  Manufacturing            55,000      Leased             2004       Electronic

Utrecht, The Netherlands          Sales,                   34,642       Owned               --       Auto and Electronic
                                  Administrative and
                                  Distribution

Grenchen, Switzerland             Manufacturing            11,000       Owned               --       Auto
</TABLE>


                                       9
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Lease
                                                            Size       Lease/          Expiration
Location                          Use                      (sq.ft.)     Own            Date          Primary Product
- --------                          ---                      --------    ------          ----------    ---------------
<S>                               <C>                      <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>
Singapore                         Sales and                 19,022     Leased            2003        Electronic & Auto
                                  Distribution

Seoul, Korea                      Sales                     29,175     Owned               --        Electronic and Auto

Philippines                       Manufacturing             58,127     Owned               --        Electronic

Suzhou, China                     Manufacturing             40,000     Owned               --        Electronic

Suzhou, China                     Warehousing              169,000     Leased            2004        Electronic

Hong Kong, China                  Sales                      3,079     Leased            2003        Electronic

Taipei, Taiwan                    Sales                      2,583     Leased            2003        Electronic

Yokohama, Japan                   Sales                      6,243     Leased            2003        Electronic

Yokohama, Japan                   Distribution              17,858     Leased            2004        Electronic

Sao Paulo, Brazil                 Sales                        800     Leased            2003        Electronic & Auto

Dundalk, Ireland                  Manufacturing            120,000     Owned               --        Electronic & Auto
</TABLE>

Properties with lease expirations in 2003 renew at various times throughout the
year. At this point, the Company does not anticipate any material impact as a
result of such expirations.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is not a party to any legal proceedings that it believes will have a
material adverse effect upon the conduct of its business or its financial
position.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There were no matters submitted to the Company's stockholders during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2002.


                                       10
<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The executive officers of the Company are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       Name                             Age                             Position
       ----                             ---                             --------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>
Howard B. Witt                          62             Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Kenneth R. Audino                       59             Vice President, Organizational Development
                                                         and Total Quality Management

Philip G. Franklin                      51             Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial
                                                         Officer

Mary S. Muchoney                        57             Secretary
</TABLE>

Officers of Littelfuse are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the
discretion of the Board.

Howard B. Witt was elected as the Chairman of the Board of the Company in May,
1993. He was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in
February, 1990. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive
Officer, Mr. Witt served in several other key management positions since joining
the Company as Operations Manager in 1979. Mr. Witt serves as a Director of
Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and is a member of the Electronic Industries
Alliance Board of Governors. He also serves as a director of the Artisan Mutual
Fund.

Kenneth R. Audino, Vice President, Organizational Development and Total Quality
Management, is responsible for the Company's overall quality, reliability and
environmental compliance, quality systems, human resources and training efforts.
Mr. Audino joined Littelfuse as a Control Technician in 1964. From 1964 to 1977,
he progressed through several quality and reliability positions to Manager of
Reliability and Standards. In 1983, he became Managing Director of the European
Headquarters and later was named Corporate Director of Quality Assurance and
Reliability. He was promoted to his current position in 1998.

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, has
responsibility for the treasury, investor relations, accounting, information
systems and global supply chain functions of the Company. Mr. Franklin joined
the Company in 1998 from OmniQuip International, a $450 million construction
equipment manufacturer which he helped take public.

Mary S. Muchoney has served as Corporate Secretary since 1991, after joining
Littelfuse in 1977. She is responsible for providing all secretarial and
administrative functions for the President and Littelfuse Board of Directors.
Ms. Muchoney is a member of the American Society of Corporate Secretaries.


                                       11
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information set forth under "Quarterly Stock Prices" on page 34 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. As of March
14, 2003, there were 209 holders of record of the Company's Common Stock and
approximately 5,000 beneficial holders of its Common Stock.

Since September 22, 1992, shares of the Common Stock have been traded under the
symbol "LFUS" on The Nasdaq Stock Market.

The Company has not paid any cash dividends in its history. Future dividend
policy will be determined by the Board of Directors based upon their evaluation
of earnings, cash availability and general business prospects. Currently, there
are restrictions on the payment of dividends contained in the Company's credit
agreements which relate to the maintenance of a minimum net worth and certain
financial ratios.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information set forth under "Selected Financial Data - Five Year Summary" on
page 34 of the Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
          OF OPERATIONS

The information set forth under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 13 through 17 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

The information set forth under "Market Risk" on page 16 of the Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Report of Independent Auditors and the Consolidated Financial Statements and
notes thereto of the Company set forth on pages 17 through 33 of the Annual
Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.


                                       12
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information set forth under "Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference. Please also refer to the information set forth
under "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this Report.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information set forth under "Compensation of Executive Officers" in the
Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference, except for the sections
captioned "Reports of the Compensation Committee on Executive Compensation" and
"Company Performance."

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information set forth under "Ownership of Littelfuse, Inc. Common Stock" in
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

STOCK PLAN DISCLOSURE

The following table represents the Company's equity compensation plans,
including both stockholder approved plans and non-stockholder approved plans.
The section entitled "Compensation of Directors" in the Company's proxy
statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 2, 2003
contains a summary explanation of the Stock Plan for New Directors of
Littelfuse, Inc., which has been adopted without the approval of stockholders
and is incorporated herein by reference.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Number of securities to be      Weighted-average exercise       Number of securities
                                       issued upon exercise of           price of outstanding       remaining available for
                                         outstanding options,           options, warrants and        future issuance under
        Plan Category                     warrants and rights                   rights             equity compensation plans
        -------------                 ---------------------------     --------------------------   -------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                             <C>                          <C>
Equity compensation plans
approved by security holders                  1,966,605                          $23.73                         989,500

Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders                     10,000                          $23.48                          15,000
                                              ---------                          ------                       ---------
Total                                         1,976,605                          $23.73                       1,004,500
                                              =========                          ======                       =========
</TABLE>


                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information set forth under "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"
in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to the Company's management including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

Within 90 days prior to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company evaluated the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and
concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure
that material information relating to the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries has been made known to them by the employees of the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries during the period preceding the filing of this Report.
There were no significant changes in the Company's internal controls or in other
factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the last
day they were evaluated by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company.

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)   Financial Statements and Schedules

      (1)   Financial Statements. The following financial statements included in
            the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
            reference.

            (i)   Report of Independent Auditors (page 17).

            (ii)  Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December
                  28, 2002 and December 29, 2001 (page 18).

            (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December
                  28, 2002, December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000 (page 19).

            (iv)  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
                  December 28, 2002, December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000
                  (page 20).

            (v)   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years
                  ended

                                       14
<PAGE>

                  December 28, 2002, December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000
                  (page 21).

            (vi)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (pages 22-33).

      (2)   Financial Statement Schedules. The following financial statement
            schedule is submitted herewith for the periods indicated therein.

            (i)   Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

            All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
            accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are
            not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and,
            therefore, have been omitted.

      (3)   Exhibits

            See Exhibit Index on pages 20-22.

(b)   Reports on Form 8-K

      There were no reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC during the fourth
      quarter of 2002.


                                       15
<PAGE>

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Additions
                                       Balance at   Charged to                  Balance at
                                       Beginning    Costs and     Deductions      End of
        Description                    Of Year      Expenses         (A)           Year
        -----------                    -------      --------         ---           ----
<S>                                    <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Year ended December 28, 2002

  Allowance for losses on
    accounts receivable ...........     $1,244     $      373     $     550       $1,067
                                        ======     ==========     =========       ======
  Reserves for sales discounts
    and allowances ................     $6,275     $       --     $      12       $6,263
                                        ======     ==========     =========       ======

Year ended December 29, 2001

  Allowance for losses on
    accounts receivable ...........     $1,230     $      332     $     318       $1,244
                                        ======     ==========     =========       ======
  Reserves for sales discounts
    and allowances ................     $7,948     $       --     $   1,673       $6,275
                                        ======     ==========     =========       ======

Year ended December 30, 2000

  Allowance for losses on
    accounts receivable ...........     $1,570     $      275     $     615       $1,230
                                        ======     ==========     =========       ======
  Reserves for sales discounts
    and allowances ................     $5,551     $    2,397     $      --       $7,948
                                        ======     ==========     =========       ======
</TABLE>

(A)   Write-off of uncollectible accounts, net of recoveries and foreign
      currency translation.


                                       16
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                   Littelfuse, Inc.


                                                   By /s/ Howard B. Witt
                                                      --------------------------
                                                         Howard B. Witt,
                                                         Chairman, President and
                                                         Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 21, 2003

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 21, 2003.

  /s/ Howard B. Witt                  Chairman of the Board, President
- ----------------------------           and Chief Executive Officer
Howard B. Witt

 /s/ John P.  Driscoll                Director
- ----------------------------
John P. Driscoll

 /s/ Anthony Grillo                   Director
- ----------------------------
Anthony Grillo

 /s/ Bruce A. Karsh                   Director
- ----------------------------
Bruce A. Karsh

 /s/ John E. Major                    Director
- ----------------------------
John  E. Major

 /s/ Gordon Hunter                    Director
- ----------------------------
Gordon Hunter

/s/ Ronald L. Schubel                 Director
- ----------------------------
Ronald L. Schubel

 /s/ Philip G. Franklin               Vice President, Treasurer
- ----------------------------           and Chief Financial Officer
Philip G. Franklin                     (Principal Financial Officer)


                                       17
<PAGE>

                        FORM OF SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

I, Howard B. Witt, certify that:

      1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse, Inc.;

      2.    Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
            untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
            necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
            under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
            to the period covered by this annual report;

      3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
            information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
            material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
            cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
            in this annual report;

      4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
            establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
            defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant
            and have:

            a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure
                  that material information relating to the registrant,
                  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made know to us by
                  others within those entities, particularly during the period
                  in which this annual report is being prepared;

            b)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to
                  the filing date of the annual report (the "Evaluation Date");
                  and

            c)    Presented in this annual report our conclusions about the
                  effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based
                  on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

      5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
            based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors
            and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
            persons performing the equivalent functions):

            a)    All significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
                  internal controls which could adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial data and have identified for the registrant's
                  auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

            b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                  or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  registrant's internal controls; and

      6.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in
            this annual report whether there were significant changes in
            internal controls or in other factors that could significantly
            affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent
            evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to
            significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

Dated: March 21, 2003


                                                    /s/ Howard B. Witt
                                                    -------------------------
                                                    Howard B. Witt
                                                    Chairman, President & CEO


                                       18
<PAGE>

                        FORM OF SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

I, Philip Franklin, certify that:

      5.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse, Inc.;

      6.    Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
            untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
            necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
            under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
            to the period covered by this annual report;

      7.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
            information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
            material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
            cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
            in this annual report;

      8.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
            establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
            defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant
            and have:

            a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure
                  that material information relating to the registrant,
                  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made know to us by
                  others within those entities, particularly during the period
                  in which this annual report is being prepared;

            b)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to
                  the filing date of the annual report (the "Evaluation Date");
                  and

            c)    Presented in this annual report our conclusions about the
                  effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based
                  on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

      6.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
            based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors
            and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
            persons performing the equivalent functions):

            a)    All significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
                  internal controls which could adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial data and have identified for the registrant's
                  auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

            b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                  or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  registrant's internal controls; and

      7.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in
            this annual report whether there were significant changes in
            internal controls or in other factors that could significantly
            affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent
            evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to
            significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

Dated: March 21, 2003


                                           /s/ Philip Franklin
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Philip Franklin
                                           Vice President, Treasurer & CFO


                                       19
<PAGE>

                                 LITTELFUSE INC.
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number                                Description of Exhibit
- ------                                ----------------------
<S>               <C>
2.1               Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code
                  of Old Littelfuse (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form
                  10 effective September 16, 1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
                  and incorporated herein by reference).

3.1               Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date (filed as 3.1
                  to the Company's Form 10K for the fiscal year ended January 3,
                  1998 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
                  reference).

3.1A              Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (filed
                  as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
                  dated December 1, 1995 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
                  incorporated herein by reference).

3.2               Bylaws, as amended to date (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the
                  Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 29,
                  2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
                  reference).

4.1               Second amended restated bank credit agreement among
                  Littelfuse, Inc., as borrower, the lenders named therein and
                  the First National Bank of Chicago, as agent, dated as of
                  September 1, 1998 (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form
                  10K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 1999 (1934 Act File
                  No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

4.3               Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., as
                  amended (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q for
                  the quarterly period ended March 30, 2002 (1934 Act File No.
                  0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

4.4               Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan dated January 1, 1992, as
                  amended and restated (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the Company's
                  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001 (1934
                  Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

4.5               First amendment to the Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan

4.6               Littelfuse, Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan (filed as exhibit 4.8 to
                  the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
                  1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
                  reference).
</TABLE>


                                       20
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number                                Description of Exhibit
- ------                                ----------------------
<S>               <C>
4.7               Littelfuse Rights Plan Agreement, dated as of December 15,
                  1995, between Littelfuse, Inc. and LaSalle National Bank, as
                  Rights Agent, together with Exhibits thereto, as amended
                  (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
                  quarterly period ended October 3, 1998 (1934 Act File No.
                  0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

4.8               Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 1, 1998,
                  relating to $60,000,000 principal amount of Littelfuse, Inc.
                  6.16% Senior Notes due September 1, 2005. (filed as exhibit
                  4.11 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                  January 2, 1999 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
                  herein by reference).

10.3              Patent License Agreement, dated as of July 28, 1995, between
                  Littelfuse, Inc. and Pacific Engineering Company, Ltd.(filed
                  as exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                  ended December 28, 1996 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
                  incorporated herein by reference).

10.4              MINI(R)and MAXI(TM) License Agreement, dated as of June 21,
                  1989, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Cooper Industries, Inc.
                  (filed as exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Form 10 effective
                  September 16, 1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
                  incorporated herein by reference).

10.5              Patent License Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1987, between
                  Littelfuse, Inc. and Cooper Industries, Inc. (filed as exhibit
                  4.6 to the Company's Form 10 effective September 16, 1992
                  (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
                  reference).

10.6              1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse,
                  Inc., as amended (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form
                  10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 29, 2002 (1934 Act
                  File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.7              Littelfuse, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed
                  as exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1993 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
                  herein by reference).

10.8              Littelfuse Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee
                  Directors, as amended (filed as exhibit 10.8 to the Company's
                  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 1999 (1934 Act
                  File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.9              Littelfuse Executive Loan Program (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
                  the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June
                  30, 1995 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein
                  by reference).
</TABLE>


                                       21
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Number                                Description of Exhibit
- ------                                ----------------------
<S>               <C>
10.10             Employment Agreement dated as of November 2, 2001 between
                  Littelfuse, Inc. and Howard B. Witt (filed as exhibit 10.10 to
                  the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29,
                  2001 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
                  reference).

10.11             Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of November 2,
                  2001 between Littelfuse, Inc. and Howard B. Witt (filed as
                  exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                  ended December 29, 2001 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
                  incorporated herein by reference).

10.12             Form of change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of
                  September 1, 2001 between Littelfuse, Inc. and Mr. Franklin
                  and Ms. Muchoney (filed as exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Form
                  10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2001 (1934
                  Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.13             Form of change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of
                  September 1, 2001 between Littelfuse, Inc. and Mr. Kenneth
                  Audino (filed as exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Form 10-Q for
                  the quarterly period ended September 29, 2001 (1934 Act File
                  No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.14             Stock Plan for New Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (filed as
                  exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
                  period ended September 28, 2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
                  and incorporated herein by reference).

13.1              Portions of Littelfuse Annual Report to Stockholders for the
                  fiscal year ended December 28, 2002.

22.1              Subsidiaries.

23.1              Consent of Independent Auditors.

99.1              Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
                  Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
</TABLE>


                                       22

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c75592exv4w5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1ST AMEND TO THE LITTELFUSE, INC. RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 4.5

                                 FIRST AMENDMENT
                                     TO THE
                        LITTELFUSE, INC. RETIREMENT PLAN

      WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 6.4 of the Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan
(the "Plan"), Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company") has reserved the right to amend
the Plan;

      WHEREAS, certain changes have been made to the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code");

      WHEREAS, the Plan must be amended to reflect the changes to the Code;

      WHEREAS, this Amendment is intended as good faith compliance with the
requirements of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001
("EGTRRA") and is to be construed in accordance with EGTRRA and guidance issued
thereunder;

      WHEREAS, this Amendment also amends the minimum required distribution
provisions of the Plan;

      WHEREAS, this Amendment shall supercede the provisions of the Plan to the
extent those provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of this Amendment;

      NOW, THEREFORE, the Company amends the Plan as of January 1, 2002, unless
otherwise indicated, as follows:

      1. Effective for Plan Years commencing after December 31, 2001, amend
Sections 1.1(A)(7) and 4.1(A)(4)(e) by adding the following to the end of each
such sections:

            The annual Compensation of each Participant taken into account in
      determining benefit accruals in any Plan Year beginning after December 31,
      2001, shall not exceed $200,000. Annual Compensation means Compensation
      during the Plan Year or such other consecutive 12-month period over which
      Compensation is otherwise determined under the Plan (the determination
      period). For purposes of determining benefit accruals in a Plan Year
      beginning after December 31, 2001, Compensation for any prior
      determination period shall be $200,000.

            For purposes of the definition of Compensation under this Section
      4.1(e), effective for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2002,
      amounts under Section 125 of the Code include any amounts not available to
      a Participant in cash in lieu of group health coverage because the
      participant is unable to certify that he or she has other health

<PAGE>

      coverage. An amount will be treated as an amount under Section 125 of the
      Code only if the Employer does not request or collect information
      regarding the Participant's other health coverage as part of the
      enrollment process for the health plan.

            The $200,000 limit on annual Compensation in the immediately
      preceding paragraph shall be adjusted for cost-of-living increases in
      accordance with Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code. The cost-of-living
      adjustment in effect for a calendar year applies to annual Compensation
      for the determination period that begins with or within such calendar
      year.

      2. Effective for Plan Years commencing after January 1, 1997, amend
Section 1.4(B) and Section 1.4(C)(1) as follows:

      (B) Reemployment of Vested Terminated Participant Prior to Commencement of
      Payments. If a Participant's service is terminated on or after his Initial
      Vesting Date for a reason other than his normal retirement or early
      retirement as described in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereof, respectively, and
      he subsequently reenters the active service of the Employer prior to his
      Annuity Starting Date, and such Participant has not prior to his reentry
      received the full actuarially equivalent value of the benefit provided on
      his behalf under Section 2.4(A)(1), he will become a Participant upon the
      date of such reentry and will be entitled to a reinstatement of the
      Vesting Service and Credited Service that he had accrued on the date of
      termination of his service in lieu of the benefits to which he was
      entitled on such date under Section 2.4(A)(1); provided, however, that
      such Participant's Accrued Deferred Monthly Retirement Income Commencing
      at Normal Retirement Date (or his accrued monthly normal retirement
      income, if applicable) determined as of any given date after the date of
      his reentry shall be reduced on an actuarially equivalent basis, if
      applicable, to take into account any death benefit coverage that was in
      effect under Section 2.4(A) hereof after the date of termination of his
      service and prior to the date of his reentry; and provided further,
      however, that the benefit payable to such Participant commencing at Normal
      Retirement Date shall not be less than the amount to which he was entitled
      under Section 2.4(A)(1) hereof prior to his reentry into the service of
      the Employer.

      (C) Reemployment of Retired or Vested Terminated Participant After
      Commencement of Payments.

            (1) If a Participant, whose service is terminated on or after the
            Effective Date of the Plan and who has received a portion but not
            all of the retirement income to which he is entitled under the
            provisions of Section 2.1, 2.2 or 2.4(A)(1) hereof subsequently
            reenters the active service of the Employer on or after his Annuity
            Starting Date, he shall become a Participant upon the date of such
            reentry and the following provisions shall apply:

<PAGE>

      3. Effective for Plan Years commencing after December 31, 2001, amend
Section 4 by adding new Section 4.7 as follows:

            (A) Modification of Top-Heavy Rules - Effective date. This Section
      shall apply for purposes of determining whether the Plan is a top-heavy
      plan under Section 416(g) of the Code for Plan Years beginning after
      December 31, 2001, and whether the Plan satisfies the minimum benefits
      requirements of Section 416(c) of the Code for such years. This Section
      4.7 amends Section 4.6 of the Plan.

            (B) Determination of Top-Heavy status-Key Employee. Key Employee
      means any employee or former employee (including any deceased employee)
      who at any time during the Plan Year that includes the determination date
      was an officer of the Employer having annual Compensation greater than
      $130,000 (as adjusted under Section 416(i)(1) of the Code for Plan Years
      beginning after December 31, 2002), a 5-percent owner of the Employer, or
      a 1-percent owner of the Employer having annual Compensation of more than
      $150,000. For this purpose, annual Compensation means Compensation within
      the meaning of Section 415(c)(3) of the Code. The determination of who is
      a Key Employee will be made in accordance with Section 416(i)(1) of the
      Code and the applicable regulations and other guidance of general
      applicability issued thereunder.

            (C) Determination of present values and amounts. This Section (C)
      shall apply for purposes of determining the present values of accrued
      benefits and the amounts of account balances of Employees as of the
      determination date.

            (1) Distributions During Year Ending on the Determination Date. The
      present values of accrued benefits and the amounts of account balances of
      an Employee as of the determination date shall be increased by the
      distributions made with respect to the employee under the Plan and any
      Plan aggregated with the Plan under Section 416(g)(2) of the Code during
      the 1-year period ending on the determination date. The preceding sentence
      shall also apply to distributions under a terminated plan which, had it
      not been terminated, would have been aggregated with the Plan under
      Section 416(g)(2)(A)(i) of the Code. In the case of a distribution made
      for a reason other than separation from service, death, or disability,
      this provision shall be applied by substituting 5-year period for 1-year
      period.

            (2) Employees Not Performing Services During Year Ending on the
      Determination Date. The accrued benefits and accounts of any individual
      who has not performed services for the Employer during the 1-year period
      ending on the determination date shall not be taken into account.

            (D) Minimum benefits. For purposes of satisfying the minimum benefit
      requirements of Section 416(c)(l) of the Code and the Plan, in determining
      years of service with the Employer, any service with the Employer shall be
      disregarded to the extent that such service occurs during a Plan Year when
      the Plan benefits (within the meaning of Section 410(b) of the Code) no
      Key Employee or former Key Employee.

<PAGE>

      4. Effective for Plan Years commencing after December 31, 2001, amend
Section 4.1 by adding new Section 4.1(H) as follows:

            (H) Direct Rollovers of Plan Distributions Effective date. This
      Section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2001.

            (I) Modification of Definition of Eligible Retirement Plan. For
      purposes of the direct rollover provisions in Section 4.1(I) of the Plan,
      an eligible retirement plan shall also mean an annuity contract described
      in Section 403(b) of the Code and an eligible plan under Section 457(b) of
      the Code which is maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state,
      or any agency or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a
      state and which agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into
      such plan from this Plan. The definition of eligible retirement plan shall
      also apply in the case of a distribution to a surviving spouse, or to a
      spouse or former spouse who is the alternate payee under a qualified
      domestic relation order, as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code.

      5. Effective for Plan Years commencing after December 31, 2002, amend the
Plan by adding Second Supplement to Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan as follows:

                                SECOND SUPPLEMENT
                                       TO
                        LITTELFUSE, INC. RETIREMENT PLAN
                AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 1997

SECTION 1. GENERAL RULES.

      Section 1.1. Effective Date. The provisions of this Second Supplement will
apply for purposes of determining required minimum distributions for calendar
years beginning with the 2003 calendar year.

      Section 1.2. Precedence. The requirements of this Second Supplement will
take precedence over any inconsistent provisions of the Plan.

      Section 1.3. Requirements of Treasury Regulations Incorporated. All
distributions required under this Second Supplement will be determined and made
in accordance with the treasury regulations under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code.

      Section 1.4. TEFRA Section 242(b)(2) Elections. Notwithstanding the other
provisions of this Second Supplement, other than Section 1.4, distributions may
be made under a designation made before January 1, 1984, in accordance with
Section 242(b)(2) of the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act (TEFRA) and
the provisions of the Plan that relate to Section 242(b)(2) of TEFRA.

<PAGE>

SECTION 2. TIME AND MANNER OF DISTRIBUTION.

      Section 2.1. Required Beginning Date. The Participant's entire interest
will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Participant no later
than the Participant's required beginning date.

      Section 2.2. Death of Participant Before Distributions Begin. If the
Participant dies before distributions begin, the Participant's entire interest
will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as follows:

            (a) If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole
      designated beneficiary, then, distributions to the surviving spouse will
      begin by December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the
      calendar year in which the Participant died, or by December 31 of the
      calendar year in which the Participant would have attained age 70 1/2, if
      later.

            (b) If the Participant's surviving spouse is not the Participant's
      sole designated beneficiary, then, distributions to the designated
      beneficiary will begin by December 31 of the calendar year immediately
      following the calendar year in which the Participant died.

            (c) If there is no designated beneficiary as of September 30 of the
      year following the year of the Participant's death, the Participant's
      entire interest will be distributed by December 31 of the calendar year
      containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death.

            (d) If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole
      designated beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies after the Participant
      but before distributions to the surviving spouse begin, this Section 2.2,
      other than Section 2.2(a), will apply as if the surviving spouse were the
      Participant.

      For purposes of this Section 2.2 and Section 5, distributions are
considered to begin on the Participant's required beginning date (or, if Section
2.2(d) applies, the date distributions are required to begin to the surviving
spouse under Section 2.2(a)). If annuity payments irrevocably commence to the
Participant before the Participant's required beginning date (or to the
Participant's surviving spouse before the date distributions are required to
begin to the surviving spouse under Section 2.2(a)), the date distributions are
considered to begin is the date distributions actually commence.

      Section 2.3. Form of Distribution. Unless the Participant's interest is
distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance company or in
a single sum on or before the required beginning date, as of the first
distribution calendar year distributions will be made in accordance with
Sections 3, 4 and 5 of this Second Supplement. If the Participant's interest is
distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance company,
distributions thereunder will be made in accordance with the requirements of
Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the treasury regulations. Any part of the
Participant's interest which is in the form of an

<PAGE>

individual account described in Section 414(k) of the Code will be distributed
in a manner satisfying the requirements of Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the
treasury regulations that apply to individual accounts.

SECTION 3. DETERMINATION OF AMOUNT TO BE DISTRIBUTED EACH YEAR.

      Section 3.1. General Annuity Requirements. If the Participant's interest
is paid in the form of annuity distributions under the Plan, payments under the
annuity will satisfy the following requirements:

            (a) the annuity distributions will be paid in periodic payments made
      at intervals not longer than one year;

            (b) the distribution period will be over a life (or lives) or over a
      period certain not longer than the period described in Section 4 or 5;

            (c) once payments have begun over a period certain, the period
      certain will not be changed even if the period certain is shorter than the
      maximum permitted;

            (d) payments will either be nonincreasing or increase only as
      follows:

                  (1) by an annual percentage increase that does not exceed the
            annual percentage increase in a cost-of-living index that is based
            on prices of all items and issued by the Bureau of Labor Statistics;

                  (2) to the extent of the reduction in the amount of the
            Participant's payments to provide for a survivor benefit upon death,
            but only if the beneficiary whose life was being used to determine
            the distribution period described in Section 4 dies or is no longer
            the Participant's beneficiary pursuant to a qualified domestic
            relations order within the meaning of Section 414(p);

                  (3) to provide cash refunds of employee contributions upon the
            Participant's death; or

                  (4) to pay increased benefits that result from a Plan
            amendment.

      Section 3.2. Amount Required to be Distributed by Required Beginning Date.
The amount that must be distributed on or before the Participant's required
beginning date (or, if the Participant dies before distributions begin, the date
distributions are required to begin under Section 2.2(a) or (b)) is the payment
that is required for one payment interval. The second payment need not be made
until the end of the next payment interval even if that payment interval ends in
the next calendar year. Payment intervals are the periods for which payments are
received, e.g., bi-monthly, monthly, semi-annually, or annually. All of the
Participant's benefit accruals as of the last day of the first distribution
calendar year will be included in the calculation of the amount of the annuity
payments for payment intervals ending on or after the Participant's required
beginning date.

<PAGE>

      Section 3.3. Additional Accruals After First Distribution Calendar Year.
Any additional benefits accruing to the Participant in a calendar year after the
first distribution calendar year will be distributed beginning with the first
payment interval ending in the calendar year immediately following the calendar
year in which such amount accrues.

SECTION 4. REQUIREMENTS FOR ANNUITY DISTRIBUTIONS THAT COMMENCE DURING
           PARTICIPANT'S LIFETIME.

      Section 4.1. Joint Life Annuities Where the Beneficiary Is Not the
Participant's Spouse. If the Participant's interest is being distributed in the
form of a joint and survivor annuity for the joint lives of the Participant and
a nonspouse beneficiary, annuity payments to be made on or after the
Participant's required beginning date to the designated beneficiary after the
Participant's death must not at any time exceed the applicable percentage of the
annuity payment for such period that would have been payable to the Participant
using the table set forth in Q&A-2 of Section 1.401(a)(9)-6T of the treasury
regulations. If the form of distribution combines a joint and survivor annuity
for the joint lives of the Participant and a nonspouse beneficiary and a period
certain annuity, the requirement in the preceding sentence will apply to annuity
payments to be made to the designated beneficiary after the expiration of the
period certain.

      Section 4.2. Period Certain Annuities. Unless the Participant's spouse is
the sole designated beneficiary and the form of distribution is a period certain
and no life annuity, the period certain for an annuity distribution commencing
during the Participant's lifetime may not exceed the applicable distribution
period for the Participant under the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in Section
1.401(a)(9)-9 of the treasury regulations for the calendar year that contains
the annuity starting date. If the annuity starting date precedes the year in
which the Participant reaches age 70, the applicable distribution period for the
Participant is the distribution period for age 70 under the Uniform Lifetime
Table set forth in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the treasury regulations plus the
excess of 70 over the age of the Participant as of the Participant's birthday in
the year that contains the annuity starting date. If the Participant's spouse is
the Participant's sole designated beneficiary and the form of distribution is a
period certain and no life annuity, the period certain may not exceed the longer
of the Participant's applicable distribution period, as determined under this
Section 4.2, or the joint life and last survivor expectancy of the Participant
and the Participant's spouse as determined under the Joint and Last Survivor
Table set forth in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the treasury regulations, using the
Participant's and spouse's attained ages as of the Participant's and spouse's
birthdays in the calendar year that contains the annuity starting date.

SECTION 5. REQUIREMENTS FOR MINIMUM DISTRIBUTIONS WHERE PARTICIPANT DIES BEFORE
           DATE DISTRIBUTIONS BEGIN.

      Section 5.1. Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary. Except as
provided in the adoption agreement, if the Participant dies before the date
distribution of his or her interest begins and there is a designated
beneficiary, the Participant's entire interest will be distributed, beginning no
later than the time described in Section 2.2(a) or (b), over the life of the
designated beneficiary or over a period certain not exceeding:

<PAGE>

            (a) unless the annuity starting date is before the first
      distribution calendar year, the life expectancy of the designated
      beneficiary determined using the beneficiary's age as of the beneficiary's
      birthday in the calendar year immediately following the calendar year of
      the Participant's death; or

            (b) if the annuity starting date is before the first distribution
      calendar year, the life expectancy of the designated beneficiary
      determined using the beneficiary's age as of the beneficiary's birthday in
      the calendar year that contains the annuity starting date.

      Section 5.2. No Designated Beneficiary. If the Participant dies before the
date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary as of September
30 of the year following the year of the Participant's death, distribution of
the Participant's entire interest will be completed by December 31 of the
calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death.

      Section 5.3. Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to Surviving
Spouse Begin. If the Participant dies before the date distribution of his or her
interest begins, the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole
designated beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before distributions to
the surviving spouse begin, this Section 5 will apply as if the surviving spouse
were the Participant, except that the time by which distributions must begin
will be determined without regard to Section 2.2(a).

SECTION 6. DEFINITIONS.

      Section 6.1. Designated Beneficiary. The individual who is designated as
the beneficiary under Section 3 of the Plan and is the designated beneficiary
under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and Section 1.401(a)(9)-l, Q&A-4, of the
treasury regulations.

      Section 6.2. Distribution Calendar Year. A calendar year for which a
minimum distribution is required. For distributions beginning before the
Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year
immediately preceding the calendar year which contains the Participant's
required beginning date. For distributions beginning after the Participant's
death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year in which
distributions are required to begin pursuant to Section 2.2.

      Section 6.3. Life Expectancy. Life expectancy as computed by use of the
Single Life Table in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the treasury regulations.

      Section 6.4. Required Beginning Date. The date specified in Section 2.1(D)
of the Plan.

<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this First Amendment of the
Plan to be executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company on this ___ day
of December, 2002.

                                        LITTELFUSE, INC.


(Corporate Seal)                        By
                                          ______________________________________
                                           Its__________________________________
ATTEST:

_______________________________
Secretary

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c75592exv13w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 13.1

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATION

The following discussion provides an analysis of the information contained in
the consolidated financial state-ments and accompanying notes beginning on page
18 for the three fiscal years ended December 28, 2002, December 29, 2001, and
December 30, 2000, respectively.

Results of Operations -- 2002 Compared with 2001

Sales increased 4% to $283.3 million in 2002 from $272.1 million in 2001.
Electronic sales increased $4.6 million or 3% to $150.9 million in 2002 compared
to $146.3 million in 2001. The increase in electronic sales was driven by
increased demand in the Asia region and sales from the Semitron Industries
acquisition, partially offset by weakness in Europe and North America. Excluding
sales of Semitron Industries products, electronic sales in 2002 were flat as
compared to the prior year. Automotive sales increased $7.1 million or 8% to
$98.2 million in 2002 compared to $91.1 million in 2001, due to strength in
vehicle production in North America and strengthening of the Euro against the
Dollar. Electrical product sales decreased $0.5 million or 2% to $34.2 million
in 2002 compared to $34.7 million in 2001 due to continued weakness in
commercial construction and lower levels of industrial activity in the North
American market. International sales increased 8% to $152.2 million or 53.7% of
net sales in 2002 from $141.3 million or 51.9% of net sales in 2001. The
increase in international sales was primarily due to strong demand for
electronic products in Asia.

Gross profit was $90.4 million or 31.9% of sales in 2002 compared to $91.9
million or 33.8% of sales in 2001. The gross profit margin was negatively
affected by increased price pressure for electronic products and the addition of
Semitron, which has been operating at approximately breakeven levels.

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $0.6 million, from $62.2
million in 2001 to $61.6 million in 2002 reflecting reductions in head count. As
a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 21.8% in 2002 from 22.9% in 2001.
Research and development costs decreased $0.5 million to $8.3 million,
representing 2.9% of sales in 2002 as compared to 3.3% of sales in 2001.
Amortization of reorganization value and other intangibles was $0.8 million or
0.3% of sales for 2002 compared to $6.0 million or 2.2% of sales for the prior
year. The decrease in amortization expense results from the combination of the
adoption of SFAS No. 142 and a natural drop off of patent amortization. The
adoption of SFAS No. 142 reduced amortization expense by $3.4 million in the
year, and the net natural drop off of intangible amortization provided an
additional reduction of $1.8 million in the year.

<PAGE>

Total operating expenses, including intangible amortization and restructuring
expense, were 26.3% of sales in 2002, compared to 30.6% of sales in 2001.
Excluding restructuring and amortization expense for both years, total operating
expenses were 24.7% of sales in 2002 and 26.1% in 2001.

Operating income in 2002 increased 87% to $15.9 million or 5.6% of sales
compared to $8.5 million or 3.1% of sales in the prior year. The improvement in
operating income was driven by lower restructuring charges and the reduction of
amortization expense discussed above.

Interest expense was $2.7 million in 2002 compared to $3.3 million in 2001 due
to lower average debt levels in 2002. Other income, net, consisting of gain on
the sale of certain non-core product lines, interest income, royalties, minority
interest and foreign currency items was $1.8 million compared to other income,
net, of $1.1 million in the prior year.

Income before taxes was $15.0 million in 2002 compared to $6.4 million in 2001.
Income tax expense was $5.4 million in 2002 compared to $2.3 million the prior
year. Net income in the current year was $9.6 million, compared to $4.1 million
in the prior year. The Company's effective tax rate was 36.0% in both 2002 and
2001. Diluted earnings per share increased to $0.44 in 2002 compared to $0.19 in
2001.

Results of Operations --2001 Compared with 2000

Sales decreased 27% to $272.1 million in 2001 from $371.9 million in 2000.
Electronic sales decreased $86.4 million or 37% to $146.3 million in 2001
compared to $232.7 million in 2000. The decrease in electronic sales in 2001
reflected weak global demand for electronic products compared to record sales
performance in 2000. Inventory corrections at customers and in the distribution
channel further reduced sales of electronic products in 2001. Automotive sales
decreased $8.9 million or 9% to $91.1 million in 2001 compared to $100.0 million
in 2000, primarily due to a reduction in North American vehicle production and
the continued weakness in automotive aftermarket sales. Decreases in North
America and Asia sales of automotive products more than offset an increase in
European automotive product sales. Electrical product sales decreased $4.5
million or 11% to $34.7 million in 2001 compared to $39.2 million in 2000 due to
continued weakness in the electrical market driven by reduced industrial
activity and commercial construction. International sales decreased 22% to
$141.3 million or 51.9% of net sales in 2001 from $180.1 million or 48.4% of net
sales in 2000. The primary cause of lower international sales in 2001 was
reduced demand for electronic products in Asia and Europe.

Gross profit was $91.9 million or 33.8% of sales in 2001 compared to $150.6
million or 40.5% of sales in 2000. The gross profit was negatively affected in
2001 by lower sales demand, lower factory utilization, declining average sell
prices and employee separation costs. The Company took steps in 2001 to reduce
the cost structure and decrease

<PAGE>

inventories to bring them in-line with current market demand. These included
actions to reduce worldwide headcount by approximately 25% and increase the
focus on material, labor and process cost reductions.

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $8.9 million,
representing 22.9% of sales in 2001 compared to 19.1% of sales in 2000. Overall,
expenses decreased due to lower sales and effective cost reduction actions taken
during the year. Expenses as a percentage of sales increased, however, due to
the decline in sales. Research and development costs decreased $2.3 million to
$8.9 million, representing 3.3% of sales in 2001 as compared to 3.0% of sales in
2000. Amortization of reorganization value and other intangibles was $6.0
million or 2.2% of sales in 2001 compared to $6.7 million or 1.8% of sales in
the prior year. Total operating expenses, including intangible amortization and
restructuring expense, were 30.6% of sales in 2001, compared to 23.9% of sales
in 2000. Excluding restructuring expense, total operating expenses were 28.3% of
sales in 2001.

Operating income in 2001 decreased 86% to $8.5 million or 3.1% of sales compared
to $61.7 million or 16.6% of sales in the prior year due to the reduced sales
demand and profitability discussed above. Also contributing to the decrease in
operating income in 2001 were $6.3 million of restructuring charges related to a
program to rationalize the Company's worldwide manufacturing operations. This
program includes plans to close three manufacturing facilities located in the
U.S., England and Korea and to consolidate production into existing lower cost
sites in the Philippines, China and Mexico. The restructuring expense consisted
primarily of separation cost for approximately 512 employees as well as a
write-down of impaired manufacturing machinery and equipment.

Interest expense was $3.3 million in 2001 compared to $4.7 million in 2000 due
to lower average debt levels in 2001. Other income, net, consisting of interest
income, royalties, minority interest and foreign currency items was $1.1 million
in 2001 compared to $1.9 million in 2000.

Income before taxes was $6.4 million in 2001 compared to $59.0 million in 2000.
Income tax expense was $2.3 million in 2001 compared to $21.7 million in 2000.
Net income in 2001 was $4.1 million, compared to $37.3 million in 2000. The
Company's effective tax rate was 36.0% in 2001 compared to 36.8% in 2000.
Diluted earnings per share decreased 89% to $0.19 in 2001 compared to $1.69 in
2000.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company has historically financed capital expenditures through cash flows
from operations. Management expects that cash flows from operations and
available lines of credit will be sufficient to support both its operations and
its debt obligations for the foreseeable future.

<PAGE>

The Company has a domestic unsecured revolving credit line of $55.0 million,
which matures on August 31, 2003. At December 28, 2002, there were no borrowings
against this credit line. The Company's subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Japan
and Korea also have unsecured credit lines of Euro 4.0 million, Yen 1.1 billion
and Won 2.5 billion, respectively. At December 28, 2002, the Euro credit line
was unused, Won 1.5 billion was drawn on the credit line in Korea and Yen 0.9
billion was drawn on the credit line in Japan.

The Company's bank credit agreement requires maintenance of certain financial
ratios and a minimum net worth level. At December 28, 2002, the Company was in
compliance with these covenants. If the Company were to default on any of the
bank agreement debt covenants, and were unable to obtain a waiver from the
lenders, the debt would be callable by the lenders. The Company believes that
default of any of the debt covenants is unlikely for the foreseeable future
since it expects the results of operations to be within the minimum levels to
continue to be in compliance with the debt covenants.

The Company started 2002 with $34.5 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $40.8 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities
included $8.4 million in purchases of property, plant and equipment, $15.0
million for the acquisition of Semitron Industries and $8.8 million in purchases
of marketable securities. Cash provided by financing activities included cash
proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $1.6 million, offset by
repurchase of the Company's common stock for $3.6 million and net payments of
long-term debt of $13.0 million. The effect of exchange rate changes decreased
cash by $0.4 million. The net cash provided by operations and financing
activities, less investing activities plus the effect of exchange rates,
resulted in a $6.8 million net decrease in cash. This left the Company with a
cash balance of $27.8 million at the end of 2002.

Decreases in net working capital provided $11.8 million of cash flow in 2002.
The major factors contributing to lower working capital were a decrease in
inventory of $4.8 million, a $2.8 million reduction in accounts receivable, a
$3.3 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and a $0.9
million reduction in prepaid and other items. Net working capital (working
capital less cash, marketable securities and the current portion of long-term
debt) as a percent of sales was 20.9% at year-end 2002 compared to 21.8% at
year-end 2001 and 20.0% at year-end 2000. The days sales outstanding in accounts
receivable decreased to 54 days at year-end 2002 compared to 61 days at year-end
2001 and 58 days at year-end 2000. Days inventory outstanding was 88 days at
year-end 2002 compared to 99 days at year-end 2001 and 109 days at year-end
2000.

The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.3 to 1 at year-end 2002
compared to 2.2 to 1 at year-end 2001 and 2.0 to 1 at year-end 2000. The ratio
of long-term debt to equity was 0.1 to 1 at year-end 2002, compared to 0.2 to 1
at year-end 2001 and 0.2 to 1 at year-end 2000.

<PAGE>

The Company started 2001 with $5.5 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $40.3 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities
included $14.1 million in purchases of property, plant and equipment. Cash
provided by financing activities included cash proceeds from the exercise of
stock options and conversion of warrants of $10.5 million, offset by repurchase
of the Company's common stock for $1.3 million and net payments of long-term
debt of $6.0 million. The effect of exchange rate changes decreased cash by $0.2
million. The net cash provided by operations and financing activities, less
investing activities plus the effect of exchange rates, resulted in a $29.0
million net increase in cash. This left the Company with a cash balance of $34.5
million at the end of 2001.

Decreases in net working capital provided $18.2 million of cash flow in 2001.
The major factors contributing to lower working capital were a decrease in
inventory of $11.9 million and a $10.6 million reduction in accounts receivable,
partially offset by a $3.7 million reduction in accounts payable and accrued
expenses. Net working capital (working capital less cash and the current portion
of long-term debt) as a percent of sales was 21.8% at year-end 2001 compared to
20.0% at year-end 2000 and to 20.2% at year-end 1999. Net working capital as a
percent of sales increased as the decreases in accounts receivable and inventory
were more than offset by lower sales. The days sales outstanding in accounts
receivable increased to approximately 61 days at year-end 2001 compared to 58
days at year-end 2000 and 68 days at year-end 1999. Days inventory outstanding
was 99 days at year-end 2001 compared to 109 days at year-end 2000 and 94 days
at year-end 1999.

The Company's capital expenditures were $8.4 million in 2002, $14.1 million in
2001 and $22.0 million in 2000. The Company expects that capital expenditures in
2003 will be higher than 2002, and at levels similar to 2001. The primary
purposes for capital expenditures in 2003 will be for new product tooling,
production equipment and facility expansion. As in 2002, the Company expects to
finance capital expenditures in 2003 through cash flow from operations.

The Company decreased total debt by $13.0 million in 2002, after decreasing debt
by $6.0 million in 2001 and $16.8 million in 2000. The Company is required to
repay $10.0 million of its Senior Notes in 2003. Separately, the Company has
$8.8 million in renewable foreign credit facilities outstand-ing at December 28,
2002, coming due in 2003. The Company's Board of Directors has authorized the
Company to repurchase shares of its common stock, from time to time, depending
on market conditions. The Company repurchased 225,800 common shares for $3.6
million in 2002, 50,000 common shares for $1.3 million in 2001 and 369,000
common shares for $11.2 million in 2000. As of December 28, 2002, the Company
had 774,200 shares remaining for repurchase under the Board of Directors
authorization expiring in May 2003.

<PAGE>

Market Risk

The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates and commodities.

The Company had long-term debt out-standing at December 28, 2002, in the form of
Senior Notes at fixed interest rates and foreign lines of credit at variable
rates. Since 76% of this debt has fixed interest rates, the Company's interest
expense is not materially sensitive to changes in interest rate levels.

A portion of the Company's operations consists of manufacturing and sales
activities in foreign countries. The Company has manufacturing facilities in
Mexico, U.K., Ireland, Switzerland, China and the Philippines. During 2002,
sales exported from the United States or manufactured abroad accounted for 53.7%
percent of total sales. Substantially all sales in Europe are denominated in
Euros, U.S. Dollars and British Pound Sterling, and substantially all sales in
the Asia-Pacific region are denominated in U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen and South
Korean Won.

The Company's identifiable foreign exchange exposures result from the purchase
and sale of products from affiliates, repayment of intercompany trade and loan
amounts and translation of local currency amounts in consolidation of financial
results. As international sales were slightly more than half of total sales, a
significant portion of the resulting accounts receivable is denominated in
foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic
conditions in the foreign countries in which it manufactures and distributes
products could affect the Company's sales, accounts receivable values and
financial results. The Company uses netting and offsetting intercompany account
management techniques to reduce known foreign currency exposures where possible
and also considers the use of derivative instruments to hedge certain foreign
currency exposures deemed to be material. During 2002, the Company entered into
cross currency interest rate swaps, as discussed in Note 6 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, designated as a cash flow hedge of the
foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with forecasted intercompany
sales transactions denominated in Japanese Yen.

The Company uses various metals in the production of its products, including
zinc, copper and silver. The Company's earnings are exposed to fluctuations in
the prices of these commodities. The Company does not currently use derivative
financial instruments to mitigate this commodity price risk.

Outlook

Sales in 2003 are expected to start slowly, with continued weakness in the
electronics and electrical markets. As these markets improve, the Company
believes its long-term growth strategy, which emphasizes development of new

<PAGE>

circuit protection products and providing customers with solutions and technical
support in all major regions of the world, will drive sales growth in all of its
markets.

With the expectation of continued price pressure, the Company initiated a
manufacturing rationalization program in 2001 emphasizing consolidation of
plants and transfer of manufacturing to lower cost locations. The program
involved manufacturing plant closures in the U.S., U.K. and Korea and workforce
reductions in Ireland, and is expected to be completed in the first half of
2003. The benefits of incremental volume improvements and cost savings are
expected to have a favorable impact in 2003.

The Company is working to expand its market share in the overvoltage circuit
protection market with the addition of products and technology through the
Semitron Industries and Harris Suppression Products acquisitions and the ability
to offer customers total circuit protection solutions. The Company remains
committed to investing in new product development and technical resources to
provide customers with overcurrent and overvoltage circuit protection solutions
and expertise.

"Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995

The statements in this section, the letter to shareholders and in the other
sections of this report which are not historical facts contained in this report
are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including,
but not limited to, product demand and market acceptance risks, the effect of
economic conditions, the impact of competitive products and pricing, product
development and patent protection, commercialization and technological
difficulties, capacity and supply constraints or difficulties, exchange rate
fluctuations, actual purchases under agreements, the effect of the Company's
accounting policies, labor disputes, restructuring costs in excess of
expectations, pension plan asset returns less than assumed, and other risks
which may be detailed in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission
filings.

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Littelfuse, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition
of Littelfuse, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 28, 2002 and December 29,
2001, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity,
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 28,
2002. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Littelfuse, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of December 28, 2002 and December 29, 2001, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 28, 2002, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements in the year ended December
28, 2002, the Company changed its method of accounting for goodwill.


Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois
January 23, 2003

<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In Thousands)                                                                        December 28, 2002   December 29, 2001
- --------------                                                                        -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>                 <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                $  27,750           $  34,527
  Short-term investments                                                                       8,806                  --
  Accounts receivable, less allowances (2002 - $7,330; 2001 - $7,519)                         40,810              40,969
  Inventories                                                                                 44,533              46,208
  Deferred income taxes                                                                       12,451              10,870
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                    2,695               3,608
                                                                                           ---------           ---------
Total current assets                                                                         137,045             136,182

Property, plant, and equipment:
  Land                                                                                         9,738               9,669
  Buildings                                                                                   32,733              33,481
  Equipment                                                                                  172,266             176,185
                                                                                           ---------           ---------
                                                                                             214,737             219,335
Accumulated depreciation                                                                    (133,615)           (132,734)
                                                                                           ---------           ---------
                                                                                              81,122              86,601

Intangible assets, net of amortization:
  Reorganization value in excess of amounts allocable to identifiable assets                  27,665              28,066
  Patents and licenses                                                                            36                  56
  Distribution network                                                                         4,607               5,102
  Trademarks                                                                                   2,270               2,522
  Goodwill                                                                                    21,378              12,775
                                                                                           ---------           ---------
                                                                                              55,956              48,521
Other assets                                                                                   3,355                 968
                                                                                           ---------           ---------
Total assets                                                                               $ 277,478           $ 272,272
                                                                                           =========           =========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                        <C>                 <C>
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                                         $  11,094           $   7,881
  Accrued payroll                                                                             17,373              16,654
  Accrued expenses                                                                             8,425               6,932
  Accrued income taxes                                                                         4,416               7,702
  Current portion of long-term debt                                                           18,994              21,026
                                                                                           ---------           ---------
Total current liabilities                                                                     60,302              60,195

Long-term debt, less current portion                                                          20,252              30,402
Deferred income taxes                                                                          1,713                 835
Accrued post-retirement benefits                                                               9,027               3,047
Other long-term liabilities                                                                      473                 124

Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, par value $.01 per share:  1,000,000 shares authorized;
    no shares issued and outstanding                                                              --                  --
  Common stock, par value $.01 per share:  34,000,000 shares authorized;
    shares issued and outstanding, 2002 - 21,759,065; 2001 - 21,873,416                          218                 219
Additional paid-in capital                                                                    71,918              70,641
Notes receivable - Common stock                                                               (3,900)             (3,448)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                          (9,901)            (10,265)
Retained earnings                                                                            127,376             120,522
Total shareholders' equity                                                                   185,711             177,669
                                                                                           ---------           ---------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                                 $ 277,478           $ 272,272
                                                                                           =========           =========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(In Thousands, Except per Share Amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year Ended                                                          December 28, 2002     December 29, 2001   December 30, 2000
- ----------                                                          -----------------     -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                                 <C>                   <C>                 <C>
Net sales                                                                $ 283,267            $ 272,149            $ 371,920
Cost of sales                                                              192,870              180,242              221,272
                                                                         ---------            ---------            ---------
Gross profit                                                                90,397               91,907              150,648

Selling, general and administrative expenses                                61,621               62,197               71,083
Research and development expenses                                            8,334                8,883               11,152
Amortization of intangibles                                                    767                5,972                6,665
Restructuring expense                                                        3,744                6,315                   --
                                                                         ---------            ---------            ---------
Operating income                                                            15,931                8,540               61,748

Interest expense                                                             2,653                3,291                4,652
Other income, net                                                           (1,753)              (1,112)              (1,940)
                                                                         ---------            ---------            ---------
Income before income taxes                                                  15,031                6,361               59,036
Income taxes                                                                 5,411                2,291               21,738
                                                                         ---------            ---------            ---------
Net income                                                               $   9,620            $   4,070            $  37,298
                                                                         =========            =========            =========

Net income per share:
Basic                                                                    $    0.44            $    0.20            $    1.88
Diluted                                                                  $    0.44            $    0.19            $    1.69
                                                                         =========            =========            =========

Weighted-average shares and equivalent shares outstanding:
Basic                                                                       21,858               19,951               19,834
Diluted                                                                     21,971               21,731               22,118
                                                                         =========            =========            =========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In Thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year Ended                                                    December 28, 2002    December 29, 2001     December 30, 2000
- ----------                                                    -----------------    -----------------     -----------------
<S>                                                           <C>                  <C>                   <C>
Operating activities
Net income                                                         $  9,620             $  4,070             $ 37,298
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
  by operating activities:
    Depreciation                                                     18,137               19,710               20,074
    Amortization of intangibles                                         767                5,972                6,665
    Provision for bad debts                                             356                  308                  275
    Deferred income taxes                                              (575)              (7,531)              (1,810)
    Other                                                               651                 (435)                 337
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable                                             2,794               10,573                4,978
      Inventories                                                     4,762               11,873              (10,802)
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses                           3,296               (3,710)              (8,514)
      Prepaid expenses and other                                        950                 (520)                 186
                                                                   --------             --------             --------
Net cash provided by operating activities                            40,758               40,310               48,687
Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, net                     (8,360)             (14,121)             (21,958)
Purchase of business, net of cash acquired                          (15,031)                (168)                  --
Purchase of marketable securities                                   (13,747)                  --                   --
Sale of marketable securities                                         4,941                   --                   --
Other                                                                    --                   --                  (60)
                                                                   --------             --------             --------
Net cash used in investing activities                               (32,197)             (14,289)             (22,018)
Financing activities
Proceeds from long-term debt                                            112               15,855               53,811
Payments of long-term debt                                          (13,130)             (21,887)             (70,630)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants                  1,614               10,519                5,831
Purchases of common stock and redemption of warrants                 (3,556)              (1,256)             (11,203)
                                                                   --------             --------             --------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                 (14,960)               3,231              (22,191)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                (378)                (216)                (875)
                                                                   --------             --------             --------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                     (6,777)              29,036                3,603
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                       34,527                5,491                1,888
                                                                   --------             --------             --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                           $ 27,750             $ 34,527             $  5,491
                                                                   ========             ========             ========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In Thousands)                                                                    Notes       Accumulated
                                                                    Additional  Receivable-      Other
                                                         Common      Paid-In     Common      Comprehensive   Retained
Period from January 1, 2000 to December 28, 2002         Stock       Capital      Stock           Loss       Earnings       Total
- ------------------------------------------------        --------    --------    -----------  --------------  ---------    ---------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>             <C>          <C>
Balance at January 1, 2000                              $    195    $ 55,241     $(2,909)       $ (5,642)    $  90,147    $ 137,032
Comprehensive income:
  Net income for the year                                     --          --          --              --        37,298       37,298
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                     --          --          --          (2,232)           --       (2,232)
                                                        --------    --------     -------        --------     ---------    ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                         35,066
Stock options and warrants exercised                           7       6,269        (444)             --            --        5,832
Purchase of 369,000 shares of common stock                    (4)     (1,287)         --              --        (9,912)     (11,203)
                                                        --------    --------     -------        --------     ---------    ---------

Balance at December 30, 2000                            $    198    $ 60,223     $(3,353)       $ (7,874)    $ 117,533    $ 166,727
Comprehensive income:
  Net income for the year                                     --          --          --              --         4,070        4,070
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                     --          --          --          (2,391)           --       (2,391)
                                                        --------    --------     -------        --------     ---------    ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                          1,679
Stock options and warrants exercised                          21      10,593         (95)             --            --       10,519
Purchase of 50,000 shares of common stock                     --        (175)         --              --        (1,081)      (1,256)
                                                        --------    --------     -------        --------     ---------    ---------

Balance at December 29, 2001                            $    219    $ 70,641     $(3,448)       $(10,265)    $ 120,522    $ 177,669
Comprehensive income:
  Net income for the year                                     --          --          --              --         9,620        9,620
  Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives                --          --          --            (231)           --         (231)
  Minimum pension liability adjustment, net of tax            --          --          --          (3,462)           --       (3,462)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                     --          --          --           4,057            --        4,057
                                                        --------    --------     -------        --------     ---------    ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                          9,984
Stock options and warrants exercised                           1       2,065        (452)             --            --        1,614
Purchase of 225,800 shares of common stock                    (2)       (788)         --              --        (2,766)      (3,556)
                                                        --------    --------     -------        --------     ---------    ---------
Balance at December 31, 2002                            $    218    $ 71,918     $(3,900)       $ (9,901)    $ 127,376    $ 185,711
                                                        ========    ========     =======        ========     =========    =========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

<PAGE>

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

December 28, 2002 and December 29, 2001

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Information

Nature of Operations Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) design,
manufacture, and sell circuit protection devices for use in the automotive,
electronic, and electrical markets throughout the world.

Fiscal Year The Company's fiscal years ended December 28, 2002, December 29,
2001 and December 30, 2000, contained 52 weeks.

Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts reported in previous
years have been reclassified to conform to the 2002 presentation.

Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments, with a maturity of three months
or less when purchased, are considered to be cash equivalents.

Short-term Investments Short-term investments consist primarily of liquid debt
instruments purchased with maturity dates greater than three months. The Company
has evaluated its investment policies consistent with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in
Debt and Equity Securities," and determined that all of its investment
securities are to be classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale
securities are carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses
reported in "Shareholders' Equity" as a component of "Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss)." The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted
for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such
amorti-zation is included in interest income. Realized gains and losses and
declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale
securities are included in other income or expense. The cost of securities sold
is based on the specific identification method. Interest and dividends on
securities classified as available-for-sale are included in interest income.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company's financial instruments include
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, and
long-term debt. The carrying values of such financial instruments approximate
their estimated fair values.

Accounts Receivable The Company performs credit evaluations of customers
financial condition and generally does

<PAGE>

not require collateral. Credit losses are provided for in the financial
statements based upon specific knowledge of a customer's inability to meet its
financial obligations to the Company. Historically, credit losses have
consistently been within the management's expectations and have not been a
material amount. The Company also maintains allowances against accounts
receivable for the settlement of rebates and sales discounts to customers. These
allowances are based upon specific customer sales and sales discounts as well as
actual historical experience.

INVENTORIES Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first in, first out
method) or market, which approximates current replacement cost. The Company
maintains excess and obsolete allowances against inventory to reduce the
carrying value to the expected net realizable value. These allowances are based
upon a combination of factors including historical sales volume, market
conditions, lower of cost or market analysis and expected realizable value of
the inventory.

PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT Land, buildings, and equipment are carried at
cost. Depreciation is provided under accelerated methods using useful lives of
21 years for buildings, 7 to 9 years for equipment, and 7 years for furniture
and fixtures. Tooling and computer software are depreciated using the
straight-line method over 5 years and 3 years, respectively.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS Prior to the adoption of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued Statements of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, "Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets" on December 30, 2001, reorganization value in excess of
amounts allocable to identifiable assets and trademarks have been amortized
using the straight-line method over 20 years. Patents are amortized using the
straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which average
approximately 10 years. The distribution network has been amortized using an
accelerated method over 20 years. Licenses have been amortized using an
accelerated method over their estimated useful lives, which average
approximately 9 years. Other intangible assets consisting principally of
goodwill have been amortized over 10 to 20 years. The Company recorded
amortization expense of $0.8 million, $6.0 million and $6.7 million in 2002,
2001 and 2000, respectively. All of this goodwill amortization is deductible for
tax purposes. Accumulated amortization of intangible assets was $66.7 million at
December 28, 2002 and was $65.9 million at December 29, 2001.

REVENUE RECOGNITION In accordance with the Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No.
101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements," issued in December 1999,
sales and associated costs are recognized in accordance with customer shipping
terms which is when the transfer of title to the customer occurs. The adoption
of SAB 101 did not have a material impact on the Company's earnings or financial
position.

<PAGE>

ADVERTISING COSTS The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred which
amounted to $2.1 million in 2002, $1.1 million in 2001 and $2.1 million in 2000.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION The financial statements of foreign entities have
been translated in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
(SFAS) No. 52, "Foreign Currency Translation," and, accordingly, unrealized
foreign currency translation adjustments are reflected as a component of
shareholders' equity.

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS The Company recognizes derivatives as either assets or
liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and measures
those instruments at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of
a derivative depends on the intended use and designation of the derivative
instrument. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective
portion of the derivative's gain or loss is initially reported as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into
earnings when the hedged exposure affects earnings. Derivative financial
instruments involve, to a varying degree, elements of market and credit risk not
recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The market risk associated
with these instruments resulting from interest rate movements is expected to
offset the market risk of the underlying transactions being hedged. The
counterparties to the agreements relating to the Company's cross currency rate
instruments consist of major international financial institutions with high
credit ratings. The Company does not believe that there is significant risk of
non-performance by these counterparties because the Company monitors the credit
ratings of such counterparties, and limits the financial exposure and amount of
agreements entered into with any one financial institution. While the notional
amounts of the derivative financial instruments provides one measure of the
volume of these transactions, they do not represent the amount of the Company's
exposure to credit risk. The amounts potentially subject to credit risk (arising
from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their
contracts) are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the
counterparties' obligations under the contracts exceed the obligations of the
Company to the counterparty.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION Under the provisions of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation" (SFAS 123), the Company accounts for stock option
grants to employees and directors in accordance with Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" using the intrinsic
value method. Generally, the Company grants stock options for a fixed number of
shares with an exercise price equal to the market price of the underlying stock
at the date of grant and, accordingly, does not recognize compensation expense.
On certain occasions, the Company has granted stock options for a fixed number
of shares with an exercise price below that of the underlying stock on the date
of the grant and recognizes compensation expense accordingly. This compensation
expense has not been material. See Note 8 for additional information on
stock-based compensation.

USE OF ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted

<PAGE>

in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES AND COSTS Amounts billed to customers in a sales
transaction represent fees earned for the goods provided and, accordingly,
amounts billed related to shipping and handling should be classified as revenue.
Costs incurred for shipping and handling of $3.6 million, $3.1 million and $3.9
million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, are classified in Selling,
General, and Administrative Expenses.

ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
issued SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations." All business combinations in the
scope of this Statement are to be accounted for using one method, the purchase
method. The provisions of this Statement apply to all business combinations
initiated after June 30, 2001. Use of the pooling-of-interests method for those
business combinations is prohibited. The Company has adopted Statement No. 141
for its acquisition of Semitron Industries Limited (see Note 2).

In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,"
which prohibits the amortization of goodwill and intangible assets with
indefinite useful lives. Statement 142 requires that these assets be reviewed
for impairment at least annually. Intangible assets with finite lives will
continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives. Additionally,
Statement 142 requires that goodwill included in the carrying value of equity
method investments no longer be amortized. The Company has adopted the
provisions of Statement 142 as of December 30, 2001. The Company has tested
goodwill for impairment both as of the date of adoption of Statement No. 142 and
as of September 29, 2002 as prescribed in Statement 142 and determined that
there was no impairment. The effect of non-amortization of goodwill had
Statement 142 been effective at the beginning of each year is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In Thousands, except per share amounts)          2002             2001           2000
- ----------------------------------------         ------           ------         -------
<S>                                              <C>              <C>            <C>
Net income as reported                           $9,620           $4,070         $37,298
Add back: Goodwill amortization,
 net of tax                                          --            2,145           2,328
Adjusted net income                              $9,620           $6,215         $39,626

Basic net income per share
As reported                                      $ 0.44           $ 0.20         $  1.88
Goodwill amortization                                --             0.11            0.12
Adjusted basic net income per share              $ 0.44           $ 0.31         $  2.00
Diluted net income per share
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                              <C>              <C>            <C>
As reported                                      $ 0.44           $ 0.19         $  1.69
Goodwill amortization                                --             0.10            0.11
Adjusted diluted net income share                $ 0.44           $ 0.29         $  1.80
</TABLE>

In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 143, "Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations," which is effective for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2002.
The Statement requires legal obligations associated with the retirement of
long-lived assets to be recognized at their fair value at the time that the
obligations are incurred. Upon initial recognition of a liability, that cost
should be capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset and allocated to
expense over the useful life of the asset. The Company has adopted Statement 143
as of December 30, 2001, and determined that the impact of adoption of Statement
143 had no material impact on the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

In August 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" (Statement 144), which addresses financial
accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets and
supersedes Statement No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of," and the accounting and
reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30, "Reporting the Results of Operations
for a Disposal of a Segment of a Business." Statement 144 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001. Using the methodology prescribed
in Statement 144, the Company reviews long-lived assets and the related
intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Once an
indication of a potential impairment exists, recoverability of the respective
assets is determined by comparing the forecasted undiscounted net cash flows of
the operation to which the assets relate, to the carrying amount, including
associated intangible assets, of such operation. If the operation is determined
to be unable to recover the carrying amount of its assets, then long-lived
assets of the operation are written down to fair value. Fair value is determined
based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending upon the nature of
the assets. Long-lived assets that are held for disposal are reported at the
lower of the asset carrying amount or fair value less costs related to the asset
disposal. The Company has adopted Statement 144 as of December 30, 2001 and
determined that the adoption of the Statement had no significant impact on the
Company's financial position or results of operations.

In July 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with
Exit or Disposal Activities." The statement requires companies to recognize
costs associated with exit or disposal activities when they are incurred rather
than at the date of a commitment to an exit or a disposal plan. Examples of
costs covered by the Statement include lease termination costs and certain
employee severance costs that are associated with a restructuring, discontinued
operations, plant

<PAGE>

closing, or other exit or disposal activities. Statement No. 146 is to be
applied prospectively to exit or disposal activities initiated after December
31, 2002.

In November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation (FIN) No. 45, Guarantor's
Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect
Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others. FIN No. 45 clarifies that a guarantor is
required to recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability for the fair
value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. The Company will
adopt the provisions of FIN No. 45 on January 1, 2003 for all new or amended
guarantees subsequent to that date.

On December 31, 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 148, to provide alternative methods of
transition to the fair value method of accounting for stock-based compensation.
In addition, Statement 148 amends the disclosure provisions of Statement 123 to
require disclosure in the summary of significant accounting policies of the
effects of an entity's accounting policy with respect to stock-based
compensation on reported net income and earnings per share in annual and interim
financial statements. Statement 148 does not amend Statement 123 to require
companies to account for their employee stock-based awards using the fair value
method. However, the disclosure provisions are required for all companies with
stock-based employee compensation, regardless of whether they utilize the fair
value method of accounting described in Statement 123 or the intrinsic method
described in APB Opinion No. 25. The Company has adopted the disclosure
provisions of Statement No. 148 as of December 28, 2002 and determined that the
adoption of the Statement had no significant impact on the Company's financial
position and results of operations.

RESTRUCTURING COSTS Included in the Company's operating results for the year
ended December 29, 2001 are restructuring charges of $6.3 million. These charges
result from the Company's plans to close down plants in the U.S. and the U.K.,
workforce reductions in Korea and the write-down of manufacturing equipment.
Restructuring charges for the closure of the U.S. and the U.K. plants included
$4.1 million of employee termination costs covering 462 technical, production,
administrative and support employees. Restructuring of the Korea manufacturing
operations included $1.1 million of employee termination costs covering 50
technical, production, administrative and support employees. The remaining $1.1
million of the restructuring expense relates to the non-cash write-down of
manufacturing equipment. Included in the Company's operating results for the
year ended December 28, 2002 are restructuring charges of $3.7 million. These
charges result from the Company's plans to close down a plant in Korea,
workforce reductions in Ireland and the write-down of manufacturing equipment.
Restructuring charges for the closure of the Korea plant included $1.5 million
of employee termination costs covering 62 technical, production, administrative
and support employees. Restructuring of the Ireland manufacturing operations
included $1.4 million of employee termination costs covering 19 technical,
production, administrative and support employees. The remaining $0.8 million of
the restructuring expense relates to the non-cash write-down of manufacturing
equipment. The remaining $2.1 million of severance costs, currently included in
accrued expenses, are expected to be paid by

<PAGE>

September 30, 2003.

2. Acquisition of Business

On July 16, 2002, the Company acquired Semitron Industries for $12.6 million and
40% of LC Fab Co. for $2.4 million in cash. Semitron Industries manufactures and
markets a broad line of transient voltage suppression devices that provide
circuit protection for products in numerous markets including computer,
telecommunications, automotive and consumer electronics. LC Fab Co. provides
semiconductor dies for assembly at Semitron Industries. Subsequent to the
acquisition, Semitron Industries has been renamed Littelfuse UK Limited. This
acquisition has been accounted for through the use of the purchase method of
accounting; accordingly, the accompanying financial statements include the
results of its operations since the acquisition date. The purchase price has
been allocated to the following net assets acquired based on fair value of such
assets: accounts receivable of $1.7 million, inventory of $1.9 million,
property, plant and equipment of $3.0 million, goodwill of $7.4 million and
liabilities assumed of $1.5 million. Purchase accounting liabilities recorded in
2002 consist of $0.2 million for transaction costs and $0.8 million for costs
associated with involuntary termination of employees in connection with the
integration of the business. Assuming that this acquisition had occurred at the
beginning of 2002 and 2001, unaudited pro forma sales of Littelfuse, Inc. would
have been $286.0 million in 2001 and $288.1 million in 2002 and pro forma
results of operations would not have differed materially from reported results
of operations. The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what
would have occurred if the acquisition had been consummated at the beginning of
each year, nor are they necessarily indicative of future consolidated operating
results.

3. Inventories

The components of inventories are as follows at December 28, 2002, and December
29, 2001 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2002             2001
                                                         -------         -------
<S>                                                      <C>             <C>
Raw materials                                            $10,084         $ 9,244
Work in process                                           11,615          11,066
Finished goods                                            22,834          25,898
                                                         -------         -------
Total net inventory                                      $44,533         $46,208
                                                         =======         =======
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

4. Long-Term Obligations

The carrying amounts of long-term debt, which approximate fair value, are as
follows at December 28, 2002, and December 29, 2001 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2002             2001
                                                  -------          -------
<S>                                               <C>              <C>
6.16% Senior Notes, maturing 2005                 $30,000          $40,000
Revolving credit facility                              --               --
Other obligations                                   9,096           10,616
Capital lease obligations                             150              812
                                                  -------          -------
                                                   39,246           51,428
Less: Current maturities                           18,994           21,026
                                                  -------          -------
                                                  $20,252          $30,402
                                                  =======          =======
</TABLE>

The Company has unsecured domestic financing arrangements consisting of Senior
Notes with insurance companies and a credit agreement with banks that provides a
$55.0 million revolving credit facility. The Senior Notes require minimum annual
principal payments. No principal payments are required for borrowings against
the revolving line of credit until the line matures on August 31, 2003. At
December 28, 2002, the Company had available $55.0 million of borrowing
capability under the revolving credit facility at an interest rate of LIBOR plus
0.38%. The bank credit agreement allows for letters of credit of up to $8.0
million in addition to the available $55.0 million credit line. At December 28,
2002, the Company had $1.7 million of outstanding letters of credit.

The Company also has unsecured bank lines of credit in the Netherlands, Japan
and Korea that provide a Euro 4.0 million revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of Euro Libor plus 0.85% in the Netherlands, a Yen 1.1 billion
revolving credit facility at an interest rate of TIBOR plus 0.85% (0.88% as of
December 28, 2002) and a Won 2.5 billion revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of the 3-month Korea Negotiable Certificate of Deposit rate plus
1.0% (5.80% as of December 28, 2002). No principal payments are required for
borrowings until the lines mature on December 31, 2002, in the Netherlands and
Japan and on August 29, 2003 in Korea. At December 28, 2002, the Company had no
borrowings outstanding on the Euro revolving credit line, an equivalent of $7.5
million outstanding on the Yen facility and the equivalent of $1.3 million
outstanding on the Won credit line. The Company did not renew the Netherlands
credit facility but did renew the Japanese credit facility.

The Senior Notes and bank credit agreement contain covenants that, among other
matters, impose limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, future
mergers, sales of assets, payment of dividends, and changes in control, as
defined. In addition, the Company is required to satisfy certain financial
covenants and tests relating to, among

<PAGE>

other matters, interest coverage, working capital, leverage and net worth. At
December 28, 2002 and for the year then ended, the Company was in compliance
with these covenants.

Aggregate maturities of long-term obligations at December 28, 2002, are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                 <C>
2003                                                $18,994
2004                                                 10,072
2005                                                 10,072
2006                                                     72
2007 and thereafter                                      36
                                                    -------
                                                    $39,246
                                                    =======
</TABLE>

Interest paid on long-term debt approximated $2.5 million in 2002, $3.1 million
in 2001 and $4.3 million in 2000.

5. Short-term Investments

Short-term investments consist primarily of liquid debt instruments purchased
with remaining maturity dates greater than three months.

The following is a summary of short-term investments classified as
"available-for-sale" securities as required by Statement 115 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                December 28,               December 29,
                                        2002                       2001
                                ------------               ------------
<S>                             <C>                        <C>
Debt/equity securities:
Amortized cost                        $8,808                         --
Gross unrealized gains                     2                         --
Gross unrealized losses                    4                         --
                                      ------                     ------
Estimated fair value                  $8,806                         --
                                      ======                     ======
</TABLE>

Proceeds from the sales of short-term investments in 2002 were $4.9 million.
Realized gains and losses on the sales of securities are based on the specific
identification method and included in earnings. During 2002, there were no
realized gains, and realized losses on sales of securities were not material to
the results of operations.

<PAGE>

6. Derivatives and Hedging

On June 11, 2002, the Company entered into cross currency rate swaps, with a
notional amount of $11.6 million and a maturity date of September 5, 2005. The
cross currency rate swaps convert a portion of the Company's U.S. Dollar fixed
rate debt to fixed rate Japanese Yen debt and have been designated as a cash
flow hedge of the variability of Yen cash flows attributable to the exchange
rate risk on forecasted intercompany sales of inventory to a Japanese
subsidiary. The notional amount outstanding at December 28, 2002, was $10.0
million and the fair value of the outstanding cross-currency rate swap
agreements was recognized as a $0.2 million liability and as a charge to
comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition at
December 28, 2002. There were no cross-currency rate swaps outstanding as of
December 29, 2001.

7. Benefit Plans

The Company has a defined-benefit pension plan covering substantially all of its
North American employees. The amount of the retirement benefit is based on years
of service and final average pay. The plan also provides post-retirement medical
benefits to retirees and their spouses if the retiree has reached age 62 and has
provided at least ten years of service prior to retirement. Such benefits
generally cease once the retiree attains age 65. The Company also has defined
benefit pension plans covering employees in the U.K., Ireland and the
Netherlands. The amount of these retirement benefits is based on years of
service and final average pay. Liabilities resulting from the plan that covers
employees in the Netherlands are settled annually through the purchase of
insurance contracts. Separate from the foreign pension data presented below, net
periodic expense for the plan covering Netherlands employees was $0.3 million,
$0.2 million and $0.1 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

The Company accounts for its defined benefit pension plans in accordance with
SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pensions" which requires that amounts
recognized in the financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. The
Company's contributions are made in amounts sufficient to satisfy legal
requirements.

The most significant element in determining the Company's pension expense in
accordance with SFAS No. 87 is the expected return on assets. The Company has
assumed that the expected long-term rate of return on domestic plan assets will
be 9.0% and foreign plan assets will be 6.8%. Based upon long-term performance
and investment allocations, the Company believes that its assumption of future
returns is reasonable. Changes in actual return on pension plan assets are
deferred and recognized over a period of three years. The deferral of actual
gains and losses affects the calculated value of plan assets and therefore
future pension expense. The plan assets have earned a rate of return less than
the assumed return in the last three years and, should this trend continue,
future pension expense would likely increase. Charges to record additional
minimum pension liability were reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss
in the Statement of Financial Condition in 2002 in the amount of $3.5 million,
net of tax.

<PAGE>

Differences between total pension expense of $2.2 million, $1.8 million and $1.3
million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, were not material to the overall
financial performance of the Company.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          U.S.                    Total Foreign
                                                                                 ----------------------      ----------------------
                                                                                   2002          2001           2002         2001
                                                                                 --------      --------      --------      --------
<S>                                                                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Change in benefit obligation
Benefit obligation at beginning of year                                          $ 47,764      $ 45,942      $ 15,819      $ 16,210
 Service cost                                                                       2,198         2,327           621           574
 Interest cost                                                                      3,528         3,264           992           959
 Plan participants' contributions                                                      --            --           167           159
 Net actuarial loss (gain)                                                          3,885        (1,331)        1,638            --
 Benefits paid                                                                     (2,890)       (2,438)         (764)       (1,140)
 Effect of exchange rate movements                                                     --            --         3,043          (943)
                                                                                 --------      --------      --------      --------
Benefit obligation at end of year                                                $ 54,485      $ 47,764      $ 21,516      $ 15,819
                                                                                 ========      ========      ========      ========
Change in plan assets at fair value
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year                                   $ 43,139      $ 46,022      $ 16,919      $ 18,213
 Actual return (loss) on plan assets                                               (4,564)         (445)       (2,113)           16
 Employer contributions                                                                --            --           431           720
 Plan participant contributions                                                        --            --           167           159
 Benefits paid                                                                     (2,890)       (2,438)         (764)       (1,140)
 Effect of exchange rate movements                                                     --            --         2,707        (1,049)
                                                                                 --------      --------      --------      --------
Fair value of plan assets at end of year                                         $ 35,685      $ 43,139      $ 17,347      $ 16,919
                                                                                 ========      ========      ========      ========
 Funded (unfunded) status                                                        $(18,800)     $ (4,625)     $ (4,169)     $  1,100
 Unrecognized prior service cost (benefit)                                             --            46          (138)           --
 Unrecognized transition asset                                                         --            --        (1,401)       (1,266)
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss (gain)                                            14,170         1,609         6,182         1,007
                                                                                 --------      --------      --------      --------
Prepaid pension asset (obligation)                                               $ (4,630)     $ (2,970)     $    474      $    841
                                                                                 ========      ========      ========      ========

Amounts recognized in the statement of financial condition consist of:
Prepaid benefit cost                                                             $     --      $     --      $     29      $     --
Accrued benefit asset (obligation)                                                 (8,154)       (2,970)         (856)          841
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                              2,291            --         1,171            --
                                                                                 --------      --------      --------      --------
Net amount recognized                                                            $ (5,863)     $ (2,970)     $    344      $    841
                                                                                 ========      ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         U.S.                                 Foreign
                                                          ---------------------------------      ---------------------------------
                                                            2002         2001         2000         2002         2001         2000
                                                          -------      -------      -------      -------      -------      -------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Weighted-average assumptions at end of year
Discount rate                                                 6.8%         7.3%         7.5%         5.5%         6.0%         6.0%
Expected return on plan assets                                9.0%         9.0%         9.0%         6.8%         7.0%         7.0%
Compensation increase rate                                    4.0%         4.0%         4.0%         4.0%         4.0%         4.0%
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Service cost                                              $ 2,198      $ 2,327      $ 1,952      $   796      $   659      $   618
Interest cost                                               3,528        3,264        3,154          992          882          936
Expected return on plan assets                             (4,112)      (4,182)      (4,002)      (1,277)      (1,129)      (1,223)
Amortization of prior service cost                             46           66           66          (11)          --           --
Amortization of transition asset                               --           --           --          (85)         (81)         (96)
Total cost of the plan for the year                         1,660        1,475        1,170          415          331          235
Expected plan participants' contribution                       --           --           --         (175)        (159)        (193)
                                                          -------      -------      -------      -------      -------      -------
Net periodic benefit cost                                 $ 1,660      $ 1,475      $ 1,170      $   240      $   172      $    42
                                                          =======      =======      =======      =======      =======      =======
</TABLE>

The Company provides additional retirement benefits for certain key executives
through its unfunded defined contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan. The charge to expense for this plan amounted to $0.4 million, $1.9 million
and $0.6 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

The Company also maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all U.S.
employees. The Company matches 50% of the employee's annual contributions for
the first 4% of the employee's gross wages. Employees vest in the Company
contributions after two years of service. Company matching contributions
amounted to $0.6 million, $0.6 million and $0.7 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000,
respectively.

8. Shareholders' Equity

Stock Options The Company has stock option plans authorizing the granting of
both incentive and nonqualified options and other stock rights of up to
3,400,000 shares of common stock to employees and directors. The stock options
issued prior to 2002 vest over a five-year period and are exercisable over a
ten-year period commencing from the date of vesting. The Company has changed its
policy in 2002 where the stock options vest over a five-year period and are
exercisable over a ten-year period commencing from the date of the grant. This
change was not made to stock options already granted.

<PAGE>

A summary of stock option information follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      2002                         2001                       2000
                                               ----------------------     -----------------------     ----------------------
                                                            Weighted-                   Weighted-                  Weighted-
                                                              Average                     Average                    Average
                                                             Exercise                    Exercise                   Exercise
                                                 Options        Price       Options         Price       Options        Price
                                               ---------    ---------     ---------     ---------     ---------    ---------
<S>                                            <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year               1,902,905       $23.63     1,692,075        $22.53     1,588,840       $18.02
Options granted
 Option price equals market price                329,250        23.18       391,200         27.18       358,250        35.07
 Option price less than market price               4,000         5.00         1,000          5.00            --           --
                                               ---------       ------     ---------        ------     ---------       ------
Total options granted                            333,250        22.96       392,200         27.12       358,250        35.07
Exercised                                       (99,580)        15.43     (116,170)         16.42     (217,465)        10.15
Forfeited                                      (159,970)        26.02      (65,200)         29.06      (37,550)        22.25
                                               ---------       ------     ---------        ------     ---------       ------
Outstanding at end of year                     1,976,605       $23.73     1,902,905        $23.63     1,692,075       $22.53
                                               =========       ======     =========        ======     =========       ======

Exercisable at end of year                     1,060,140                    938,623                     794,450
Available for future grant                     1,004,500                    164,400                     471,190
Weighted-average value of options granted
 during the year                                               $12.52                      $18.31                     $21.05
  Option price equals market price                              12.69                       18.29                      21.05
  Option price less than market price                           20.97                       20.72                         --
</TABLE>

As of December 28, 2002, the Company had the following
outstanding options:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Weighted-         Weighted-
                                                       Average           Average
                                     Options          Exercise         Remaining                   Options
Exercise Price                   Outstanding             Price              Life               Exercisable
- --------------                   -----------         ---------         ---------               -----------
<S>                              <C>                 <C>               <C>                     <C>
$3.69 to $ 5.00                       35,400             $4.50              2.60                    26,600
$7.50 to $11.16                       98,500             10.61              1.03                    98,500
$11.63 to $16.50                     150,600             15.34              2.45                   144,100
$17.81 to $25.50                     996,825             22.09              6.47                   543,390
$26.63 to $35.50                     695,280             30.73              7.56                   247,550
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

The following table discloses our pro forma net income and diluted net income
per share had the valuation methods under SFAS 123 been used for our stock
option grants. The table also discloses the weighted average assumptions used in
estimating the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In Thousands, except per share amounts)           2002             2001           2000
- ----------------------------------------         --------         --------         --------
<S>                                              <C>              <C>              <C>
Net income as reported                           $  9,620         $  4,070         $ 37,298
Stock option compensation
 expense, net of tax                               (1,022)          (1,436)          (1,506)
Pro forma net income                             $  8,598         $  2,634         $ 35,792
Basic net income per share
As reported                                      $   0.44         $   0.20         $   1.88
Pro forma                                        $   0.39         $   0.13         $   1.81
Diluted net income per share
As reported                                      $   0.44         $   0.19         $   1.69
Pro forma                                        $   0.39         $   0.12         $   1.62
Risk-free interest rate                              3.24%            5.11%            5.16%
Expected dividend yield                                 0%               0%               0%
Expected stock price volatility                      41.4%            58.6%            47.6%
Expected life of options                          8 years          8 years          8 years
</TABLE>

These pro forma amounts may not be representative of future disclosures because
the estimated fair value of the options is amortized to expense over the vesting
period and additional options may be granted in the future.

Notes Receivable - Common Stock In 1995, the Company established the Executive
Loan Program under which certain management employees may obtain interest-free
loans from the Company to facilitate their exercise of stock options and payment
of the related income tax liabilities. Such loans, limited to 90% of the
exercise price plus related tax liabilities, have a five-year maturity, subject
to acceleration for termination of employment or death of the employee. Such
loans are classified as a reduction of shareholders' equity. The Company has
changed its policy in 2002 such that management employees may no longer obtain
such loans.

Preferred Stock The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to
time of preferred stock in one or more series with such designations,
preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and optional or other
special rights as the Board may fix by resolution. In connection with the Rights
Plan, the Board of Directors has reserved, but not issued, 200,000 shares of
preferred stock.

<PAGE>

Rights Plan In December 1995, the Company adopted a shareholder rights plan
providing for a dividend distribution of one preferred share purchase right for
each share of common stock outstanding on and after December 15, 1995. The
rights can be exercised only if an individual or group acquires or announces a
tender offer for 15% or more of the Company's common stock. If the rights first
become exercisable as a result of an announced tender offer, each right would
entitle the holder to buy 1/200th of a share of a new series of preferred stock
at an exercise price of $67.50. Once an individual or group acquires 15% or more
of the Company's common stock, each right held by such individual or group
becomes void and the remaining rights will then entitle the holder to purchase a
number of common shares having a market value of twice the exercise price of the
right. If the attempted takeover succeeds, each right will then entitle the
holder to purchase a number of the acquiring Company's common shares having a
market value of twice the exercise price of the right. After an individual or
group acquires 15% of the Company's common stock and before they acquire 50%,
the Company's Board of Directors may exchange the rights in whole or in part, at
an exchange ratio of one share of common stock or 1/100th of a share of a new
series of preferred stock per right. Before an individual or group acquires 15%
of the Company's common stock, or a majority of the Company's Board of Directors
are removed by written consent, whichever occurs first, the rights are
redeemable for $.01 per right at the option of the Company's Board of Directors.
The Company's Board of Directors is authorized to reduce the 15% threshold to no
less than 10%. Each right will expire on December 15, 2005, unless earlier
redeemed by the Company.

9. Income Taxes

Federal, state, and foreign income tax expense (benefit) consists of the
following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           2002           2001           2000
                                         -------        -------        --------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>            <C>
Current:
 Federal                                 $  (527)       $ 5,187        $ 13,375
 State                                       249           (637)          1,908
 Foreign                                   5,110          4,980           8,265
                                         -------        -------        --------
Subtotal                                   4,832          9,530          23,548
Deferred:
 Federal                                   2,987         (7,379)         (1,827)
 Foreign                                  (2,408)           140              17
Subtotal                                     579         (7,239)         (1,810)
                                         -------        -------        --------
Provision for income taxes               $ 5,411        $ 2,291        $ 21,738
                                         =======        =======        ========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

Domestic and foreign income (loss) before income taxes is as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           2002           2001             2000
                                         -------        --------         -------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>              <C>
Domestic                                 $ 6,542        $(10,030)        $28,906
Foreign                                    8,489          16,391          30,130
                                         -------        --------         -------
Income before income taxes               $15,031        $  6,361         $59,036
                                         =======        ========         =======
</TABLE>

A reconciliation between income taxes computed on income before income taxes at
the federal statutory rate and the provision for income taxes is provided below
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             2002          2001          2000
                                           -------       -------       --------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
Tax expense at statutory rate of 35%       $ 5,259       $ 2,226       $ 20,663
State and local taxes (benefit),
 net of federal tax benefit                    162          (476)         1,179
Foreign income tax rate differential           179          (615)        (1,437)
Foreign losses for which no tax
 benefit is available                           34            47             63
Other, net                                    (223)        1,109          1,270
                                           -------       -------       --------
Provision for income taxes                 $ 5,411       $ 2,291       $ 21,738
                                           =======       =======       ========
</TABLE>

Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effects of temporary differences
between the financial reporting bases and the tax bases of the Company's assets
and liabilities. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and
liabilities at December 28, 2002 and December 29, 2001, are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        2002             2001
                                                      --------         --------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>
Deferred tax liabilities
Tax depreciation and amortization
 in excess of book                                    $  5,397         $  2,238
Prepaid expenses                                            --              231
Other                                                       89            1,390
                                                      --------         --------
Total deferred tax liabilities                           5,486            3,859
Deferred tax assets
Accrued expenses                                        13,229           10,907
Foreign tax credit carryforwards                         2,995            2,987
Foreign net operating loss carryforwards                   428              392
                                                      --------         --------
Gross deferred tax assets                               16,652           14,286
Less: Valuation allowance                                 (428)            (392)
Total deferred tax assets                               16,224           13,894
                                                      --------         --------
Net deferred tax assets                               $ 10,738         $ 10,035
                                                      ========         ========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

The deferred tax asset valuation allowance is related to deferred tax assets
from foreign net operating losses. The net operating loss carryforwards have no
expiration date. The Company paid income taxes of $5.8 million, $8.4 million and
$25.4 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. U.S. income taxes were not
provided for on a cumulative total of approximately $68.9 million of
undistributed earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries as of December 28,
2002, and accordingly, no deferred tax liability has been established relative
to these earnings. The determination of the deferred tax liability associated
with the distribution of these earnings is not practicable.

10. Business Segment Information

The Company designs, manufactures, and sells circuit protection devices
throughout the world. The Company has three reportable geographic segments: The
Americas, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. The circuit protection market in these
geographical segments is categorized into three major product areas: electronic,
automotive and electrical. The Company evaluates the performance of each
geographic segment based on its net income or loss. The Company also accounts
for intersegment sales as if the sales were to third parties.

The Company's reportable segments are the business units where the revenue is
earned and expenses are incurred. The Company has subsidiaries in The Americas,
Europe, and Asia-Pacific where each region is measured based on its sales and
operating income or loss.

Information concerning the operations in these geographic segments for the year
ended December 28, 2002, is as follows (in thousands):

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          The                    Asia-      Combined                                    Consolidated
                                       Americas      Europe     Pacific       Total       Corporate   Reconciliation        Total
                                       --------      ------     -------       -----       ---------   --------------        -----
<S>                           <C>      <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>               <C>
Revenues                      2002     $148,047     $51,233     $83,987     $283,267      $     --      $       --        $283,267
                              2001     $144,899     $51,430     $75,820     $272,149      $     --      $       --        $272,149
                              2000     $214,907     $61,634     $95,379     $371,920      $     --      $       --        $371,920

Intersegment revenues         2002       62,022      47,213      17,696      126,931            --        (126,931)             --
                              2001       54,440      46,660       9,926      111,026            --        (111,026)             --
                              2000       44,599      38,185       6,523       89,307            --         (89,307)             --

Interest expense              2002        2,450          19         184        2,653            --              --           2,653
                              2001        3,075          23         193        3,291            --              --           3,291
                              2000        4,337          69         246        4,652            --              --           4,652

Depreciation and              2002       13,256       2,853       2,028       18,137           767              --          18,904
amortization                  2001       12,176       4,035       1,723       17,934         7,748              --          25,682
                              2000       11,563       2,810       4,213       18,586         8,153              --          26,739

Other income (loss)           2002        1,385         888        (520)       1,753            --              --           1,753
                              2001          635         688        (211)       1,112            --              --           1,112
                              2000        2,754        (893)         79        1,940            --              --           1,940

Income tax                    2002        3,583       1,764          64        5,411            --              --           5,411
expense (benefit)             2001       (2,831)      2,871       2,251        2,291            --              --           2,291
                              2000       12,290       4,546       4,902       21,738            --              --          21,738

Net income (loss)             2002        2,626       3,235       8,270       14,131        (4,511)             --           9,620
                              2001        5,426       7,363       5,347       18,136       (14,066)             --           4,070
                              2000       24,493       9,124      11,856       45,473        (8,175)             --          37,298

Identifiable assets           2002      202,642      32,908      45,079      280,629        83,706         (86,857)        277,478
                              2001      191,626      35,568      41,643      268,837        83,048         (79,613)        272,272
                              2000      181,727      39,559      48,096      269,382        60,404         (55,408)        274,378

Capital expenditures, net     2002        9,256      (2,516)      1,620        8,360            --              --           8,360
                              2001        5,126       5,318       3,677       14,121            --              --          14,121
                              2000       13,929       1,875       6,154       21,958            --              --          21,958
</TABLE>

Intersegment revenues and receivables are eliminated to reconcile to
consolidated totals. Restructuring charges are reflected in the corporate column
for the net income segmentation. Corporate identifiable assets consist primarily
of cash and intangible assets.

<PAGE>

The Company's revenues by product areas for the years ended December 28, 2002,
December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Revenues                                2002             2001             2000
                                      --------         --------         --------
<S>                                   <C>              <C>              <C>
Electronic                            $150,838         $146,342         $232,677
Automotive                              98,235           91,061          100,036
Electrical                              34,194           34,746           39,207
                                      --------         --------         --------
Consolidated total                    $283,267         $272,149         $371,920
                                      ========         ========         ========
</TABLE>

Revenue from no single customer of the Company amounts to 10% or more.

11. Lease Commitments

The Company leases certain office and warehouse space under non-cancelable
operating leases, as well as certain machinery and equipment. Rental expense
under these leases was approximately $2.6 million in 2002, $1.8 million in 2001,
and $1.5 million in 2000. Future minimum payments for all non-cancelable
operating leases with initial terms of one year or more at December 28, 2002,
are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                   <C>
2003                                                  2,817
2004                                                  2,160
2005                                                  1,425
2006                                                  1,035
2007 and thereafter                                     914
                                                      -----
Total lease commitments                               8,351
                                                      =====
</TABLE>

12. Earnings per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In Thousands, except per share amounts)       2002         2001           2000
- ----------------------------------------     -------       -------       -------
<S>                                          <C>           <C>           <C>
Numerator:
 Net income                                  $ 9,620       $ 4,070       $37,298

Denominator:
 Denominator for basic
 earnings per share -
  Weighted-average shares                     21,858        19,951        19,834
Effect of dilutive securities:
 Warrants                                         --         1,565         1,871
 Employee stock options                          113           215           413

Denominator for diluted
 earnings per share -
  Adjusted weighted-average
  shares and assumed conversions              21,971        21,731        22,118
Basic earnings per share                     $  0.44       $  0.20       $  1.88
Diluted earnings per share                   $  0.44       $  0.19       $  1.69
</TABLE>

Options to purchase 1,434,718, 814,735 and 354,550 shares of common stock were
outstanding at December 28, 2002, December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000,
respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share because the effect of including such options would have been
anti-dilutive.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
(in thousands, except per share data)

FIVE YEAR SUMMARY+

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      2002          2001          2000          1999          1998
                                    --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
<S>                                 <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Net sales                           $283,267      $272,149      $371,920      $296,367      $269,540
Gross profit                          90,397        91,907       150,648       117,255       100,199
Operating income                      15,931         8,540        61,748        44,624        34,096
Net income                             9,620         4,070        37,298        25,220        19,885
Net income per share - Diluted          0.44          0.19          1.69          1.16          0.86

Net working capital                   59,181        62,486        74,503        60,008        46,685
Total assets                         277,478       272,272       274,378       275,698       250,544
Long-term debt                        20,252        30,402        41,397        55,460        70,061
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited)+

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2002                                            2001
                                               4Q         3Q         2Q         1Q*           4Q*         3Q         2Q         1Q
                                            -------    -------    -------    --------     --------     -------    -------    -------
<S>                                         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales                                   $69,274    $74,964    $73,900    $ 65,129     $ 60,851     $66,711    $68,996    $75,590
Gross profit                                 22,705     23,390     24,277      20,025       18,265      21,509     25,199     26,935
Operating income (loss)                       4,071      5,835      6,867        (842)      (4,102)      1,491      5,456      5,695
Net income (loss)                             2,540      3,667      4,025        (612)      (2,804)        474      3,284      3,116
Net income (loss) per share:
  Basic                                        0.12       0.17       0.18       (0.03)       (0.14)       0.02       0.17       0.16
  Diluted                                      0.12       0.17       0.18       (0.03)       (0.14)       0.02       0.15       0.14
</TABLE>

* Net losses in the fourth quarter of 2001 and the first quarter of 2002 were
due to restructuring charges related primarily to reductions in force. Refer to
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about
these restructuring costs.

+As of December 30, 2001, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 142 which prohibits the authorization of goodwill and intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information.

QUARTERLY STOCK PRICES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        2002                                        2001
                           4Q       3Q      2Q       1Q                4Q       3Q      2Q       1Q
                           -----    -----   -----    -----             -----    -----   -----    -----
<S>                        <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>               <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>
High                       19.70    24.60   28.25    28.47             27.81    29.67   31.58    30.56
Low                        13.84    17.35   22.16    22.85             19.78    19.37   19.81    22.50
Close                      17.23    17.36   23.13    24.77             26.17    22.13   26.79    25.13
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c75592exv22w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 22.1

                                  SUBSIDIARIES

Littelfuse, S.A. de C.V.
Littelfuse do Brasil Ltda.
Littelfuse do Amazonia, Ltda.
Watseka LF, Inc.

Littelfuse, B.V.
Littelfuse, A.G.
Littelfuse Limited
Littelfuse Ireland Development Co., Ltd.
Littelfuse Ireland Limited
Littelfuse U.K. Ltd.
Joyrush Investments Ltd.
REMPAT Holding B.V.
REMPAT Financial B.V.

Littelfuse Far East Pte Ltd.
Littelfuse HK Limited
Suzhou Littelfuse OVS Ltd.
Littelfuse KK
Littelfuse Triad Inc.
Littelfuse Phils Inc.
Littelfuse S&L, Inc.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c75592exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
of Littelfuse, Inc. of our report dated January 23, 2003, included in the 2002
Annual Report to Shareholders of Littelfuse, Inc.

Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of Littelfuse, Inc.
listed in Item 15(a)(2). This schedule is the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In
our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered
in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly
in all material respects the information set forth therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(No. 33-55942, 33-64442, 33-95020, 333-03260 and 333-64285) on Form S-8 of our
report dated January 23, 2003, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements incorporated herein by reference, and our report included in the
preceding paragraph with respect to the financial statement schedule in this
Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Littelfuse, Inc.

Chicago, Illinois
March 19, 2003                                            Ernst & Young LLP

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c75592exv99w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

                                Littelfuse, Inc.

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18
U.S.C. Section 1350

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and
(b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the
undersigned officers of Littelfuse, Inc. (the Company), does hereby certify
that:

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2002, of
the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.


/s/ Howard B. Witt                            /s/ Philip Franklin
- ---------------------------------             ----------------------------------
Chairman, President and                       Vice President, Treasurer
Chief Executive Officer                       and Chief Financial Officer

March 21, 2003

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
