-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IsXU9C2bg4629L+lyotS4Xq2IW7cNUsmOXVBBvKFDHTSx4Ib9rJo4eZPBy5f+Ryh
 qEgbc9DsXSrNq8JMhDBf0A==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950137-05-003236.txt : 20050317
<SEC-HEADER>0000950137-05-003236.hdr.sgml : 20050317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20050317172739
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-05-003236
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20050101
FILED AS OF DATE:		20050317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20050317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITTELFUSE INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SWITCHGEAR & SWITCHBOARD APPARATUS [3613]
		IRS NUMBER:				363795742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20388
		FILM NUMBER:		05689839

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7088241188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E. NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c93143e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       Securities and Exchange Commission
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

           [X]    Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
   (Mark One)     for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2005 or
           [ ]    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                        for the transition period from         to

                         Commission file number 0-20388

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          Delaware                                        36-3795742
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

800 East Northwest Highway,
Des Plaines, Illinois                                       60016
(Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)

                                  847/824-1188
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, $.01
par value

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [X] No [ ]

      The aggregate market value of 20,695,900 shares of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $871,918,267 based on the
last reported sale price of the registrant's Common Stock as reported on The
Nasdaq Stock Market on July 2, 2004.

      As of February 25, 2005, the registrant had outstanding 22,563,336 shares
      of Common Stock.

      Portions of the following documents have been incorporated herein by
      reference to the extent indicated herein:

      Littelfuse, Inc. Proxy Statement for the 2005 Annual Meeting of
      Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") --Part III. Littelfuse, Inc. Annual
      Report to Stockholders for the year ended January 1, 2005 (the "Annual
      Report to Stockholders") -- Parts II and III.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company" or "Littelfuse") is the world's leading supplier
of circuit protection products for the electronics industry. The Company
provides the broadest line of circuit protection solutions to worldwide
customers. The Company is also the leading provider of circuit protection for
the automotive industry and the third largest producer of electrical fuses in
North America.

The Company serves customers in three major product areas of the circuit
protection market: electronic, automotive and electrical. In the electronic
market, the Company supplies leading manufacturers such as Alcatel, Celestica,
Compaq, Delta, Flextronics, Fuji, GE, HP, Huawei, Hughes, IBM, Intel, Jabil,
Legend, LG, Matsushita, Motorola, Nokia, Palm, Quanta, Samsung, Sanmina-SCI,
Sanyo, Selectron, Siemens, Sony and Toshiba. In the automotive market, the
Company's customers include major automotive manufacturers in North America,
Europe and Asia such as BMW, DaimlerChrysler, Ford Motor, General Motors, Honda
Motor, Hyundai and Toyota. The Company also supplies wiring harness
manufacturers and auto parts suppliers worldwide, including Alcoa Fujikawa, Auto
Zone, Delphi, Lear, Pep Boys, Siemens VDO and Yazaki. In the electrical market,
the Company supplies representative customers such as Abbott, Carrier, Dow
Chemical, DuPont, GE, General Motors, Heinz, International Paper, John Deere,
Lithonia Lighting, Marconi, Merck, Otis Elevator, Poland Springs, Procter &
Gamble, Rockwell and 3M. See "Business Environment: Circuit Protection Market."

The Company manufactures many of its products on fully integrated manufacturing
and assembly equipment. The Company maintains product quality through a Global
Quality Management System with all manufacturing sites certified under ISO
9001:2000. In addition, several of the Littelfuse manufacturing sites are also
certified under TS 16949 and ISO 14001.

The Company's products are sold worldwide through a direct sales force and
manufacturers' representatives. For the year ended January 1, 2005,
approximately 60.4% of the Company's net sales were to customers outside the
United States (exports and foreign operations).

References herein to "2002" or "fiscal 2002" refer to the fiscal year ended
December 28, 2002. References herein to "2003" or "fiscal 2003" refer to the
fiscal year ended January 3, 2004. References herein to "2004" or "fiscal 2004"
refer to the fiscal year ended January 1, 2005.

The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are currently
available free of charge through the "Investor Relations" section of the
Company's Internet website (http://www.littelfuse.com) as soon as practicable
after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission as well as on the website maintained by the
SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT: CIRCUIT PROTECTION MARKET

The Company serves customers in three major product areas of the circuit
protection market: electronic, automotive and electrical. Net sales by product
area for the periods indicated are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             FISCAL YEAR
                           (IN THOUSANDS)
                -----------------------------------------
                    2004           2003          2002
                -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>             <C>            <C>            <C>
Electronic      $   325,627    $   206,523    $   150,838
Automotive          114,736         98,327         98,235
Electrical           59,879         34,560         34,194
                -----------    -----------    -----------
  Total         $   500,242    $   339,410    $   283,267
                ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS

Electronic circuit protection products are used to protect circuits in a
multitude of electronic systems. The Company's product offering includes a
complete line of overcurrent and overvoltage solutions including: (1) fuses and
protectors, (2) positive temperature coefficient, (PTC) resettables, (3)
varistors, (4) electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors, (5) discrete transient
voltage suppression (TVS) diodes, TVS diode arrays and protection thyristors,
(6) gas discharge tubes, (7) power switching components, and (8) fuseholders,
blocks and other.

                                       2

<PAGE>

Electronic fuses and protectors are devices that contain an element which melts
in an overcurrent condition. Electronic miniature and subminiature fuses are
designed to provide circuit protection in the limited space requirements of
electronic equipment. The Company's fuses are used in a wide variety of
electronic products, including wireless telephones, consumer electronics,
computers, modems and telecommunications equipment. The Company markets these
products under the following trademarked and brand names: PICO(R) II and NANO2
(R) SMF.

Resettables are positive temperature coefficient (PTC) polymer devices that
limit the current when an overcurrent condition exists and then reset themselves
once the overcurrent condition has cleared. The Company's product line offers
both radial leaded and surface mount products.

Varistors are ceramic-based high-energy absorption devices that provide
transient overvoltage and surge suppression for automotive, telecommunication,
consumer electronics and industrial applications. The Company's product line
offers both radial leaded and multilayer surface mount products.

Electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors are polymer-based devices that protect
an electronic system from failure due to rapid transfer of electrostatic charge
to the circuit. The Company's PulseGuard(R) line of ESD suppressors is used in
PC and PC peripherals, digital consumer electronics and wireless applications.

Discrete diodes, diode arrays and protection thyristors are fast switching
silicon semiconductor structures. Discrete diodes protect a wide variety of
applications from overvoltage transients such as ESD, inductive load switching
or lightning, while diode arrays are used primarily as ESD suppressors.
Protection thyristors are commonly used to protect telecommunications circuits
from overvoltage transients such as those resulting from lightning. Applications
include telephones, modems, data transmission lines and alarm systems. The
Company markets these products under the following trademarked brand names:
TECCOR(R), SIDACtor(R) and Battrax(R).

Gas discharge tubes are very low capacitance devices designed to suppress any
transient voltage event that is greater than the breakover voltage of the
device. These devices are primarily used in telecom interface and conversion
equipment applications as protection from overvoltage transients such as
lightning.

Power switching components are used to regulate energy to various type loads
most commonly found in industrial and home equipment. These components are
easily activated from simple control circuits or interfaced to computers for
more complex load control. Typical applications include heating, cooling,
battery chargers and lighting.

In addition to the above products, the Company is also a supplier of fuse
holders (including OMNI-BLOK(R)), fuse blocks and fuse clips primarily to
customers that purchase circuit protection devices from the Company.

AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTS

Fuses are extensively used in automobiles, trucks, buses and off-road equipment
to protect electrical circuits and the wires that supply electrical power to
operate lights, heating, air conditioning, radios, windows and other controls.
Currently, a typical automobile contains 30 to 100 fuses, depending upon the
options installed. The fuse content per vehicle is expected to continue to grow
as more electronic features are included in automobiles. The Company also
supplies fuses for the protection of electric and hybrid vehicles.

The Company is a primary supplier of automotive fuses to United States, Asian
and European automotive OEMs, automotive component parts manufacturers and
automotive parts distributors. The Company also sells its fuses in the
replacement parts market, with its products being sold through merchandisers,
discount stores and service stations, as well as under private label by national
firms. The Company invented and owns most of the U.S. patents related to the
blade type fuse which is the standard and most commonly used fuse in the
automotive industry. The Company's automotive fuse products are marketed under
the following trademarked brand names: ATO(R), MINI(R), MAXI(TM), MIDI(R),
MEGA(TM) and CablePro(TM).

A majority of the Company's North American automotive fuse sales are made to
wire harness manufacturers that incorporate the fuses into their products. The
remaining automotive fuse sales are made directly to automotive manufacturers
and through distributors who in turn sell most of their products to automotive
product wholesalers, such as warehouse distributors, discount stores and service
stations.

The Company has licensed its patented MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) automotive fuse
designs to Bussmann, a division of Cooper Industries. Bussmann is the Company's
largest domestic competitor. Additionally, the Company has entered into a
licensing agreement with Pacific Engineering Company, Ltd., a Japanese fuse
manufacturer, which produces and distributes the Company's

                                       3

<PAGE>

patented MINI(R) fuses to Asian automotive OEMs and wire harness manufacturers.
See "Business - Patents, Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property" and "-
Competition."

ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS

The Company entered the electrical market in 1983 and manufactures and sells a
broad range of low-voltage and medium-voltage circuit protection products to
electrical distributors and their customers in the construction, original
equipment manufacturers ("OEM") and industrial maintenance and repair operations
("MRO") markets.

Power fuses are used to protect circuits in various types of industrial
equipment and circuits in industrial plants, office buildings and residential
units. They are rated and listed under one of many Underwriters' Laboratories
fuse classifications. Major applications for power fuses include protection from
over-load and short-circuit currents in motor branch circuits, heating and
cooling systems, control systems, lighting circuits and electrical distribution
networks.

The Company's POWR-GARD(R) product line features the Indicator(TM) series power
fuse used in both the OEM and MRO markets. The Indicator(TM) technology provides
visual blown fuse indication at a glance, reducing maintenance and downtime on
production equipment. The Indicator(TM) product offering is widely used in motor
protection and industrial control panel applications.

PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

The Company employs scientific, engineering and other personnel to continually
improve its existing product lines and to develop new products at its research
and engineering facilities in Des Plaines, Illinois, Irving, Texas, Swindon, UK,
Witten and Dunsen, Germany and Dundalk, Ireland. The Product Technology
Department maintains a staff of engineers, chemists, material scientists and
technicians whose primary responsibility is the design and development of new
products.

Proposals for the development of new products are initiated primarily by sales
and marketing personnel with input from customers. The entire product
development process ranges from several months to 18 months based on complexity
of development with continuous efforts to reduce the development cycle. During
fiscal years 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company expended $17.6 million, $8.7
million and $8.3 million, respectively, on product design and development.

PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Company generally relies on patent and trademark laws and license and
nondisclosure agreements to protect intellectual property and proprietary
products. In cases where it is deemed necessary by management, key employees are
required to sign an agreement that they will maintain the confidentiality of the
Company's proprietary information and trade secrets. This information, for
business reasons, is not disclosed to the public.

As of January 1, 2005, the Company owned 162 patents in North America, 70
patents in the European Economic Community and 25 patents in other foreign
countries. The Company has also registered trademark protection for certain of
its brand names and logos. The 162 North American patents are in the following
product categories: 109 electronic, 26 automotive, 27 electrical .

New products are continually being developed to replace older products. The
Company regularly applies for patent protection on such new products. Although
in the aggregate the Company's patents are important in the operation of its
businesses, the Company believes that the loss by expiration or otherwise of any
one patent or group of patents would not materially affect its business.

The Company currently licenses its MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) automotive fuse
technology to Bussmann, a division of Cooper Industries and the Company's
largest domestic competitor. The license granted in 1987 is nonexclusive and
grants the Company the right to receive royalties of 4% of the licensee's
revenues from the sale of the licensed products with an annual minimum of
$25,000. This license expires upon the expiration of the licensed product
patents.

In addition, a second license covering the MINI(R) fuse technology was granted
to Pacific Engineering Company, Ltd., a Japanese manufacturer that produces and
distributes the Company's patented automotive fuses to Asian-based automotive
OEMs and wire harness manufacturers. The license provides the Company with
royalties of 2.5% of the licensee's revenues from the sale of the licensed
products, with an annual minimum of $100,000. This second license expires on
April 6, 2006.

License royalties amounted to $0.5 million, $0.4 million and $0.4 million for
fiscal 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

                                       4

<PAGE>

MANUFACTURING

The Company performs the majority of its own fabrication and stamps some of the
metal components used in its fuses, holders and switches from raw metal stock
and makes its own contacts and springs. In addition, the Company fabricates
silicon wafers for certain applications and performs its own plating (silver,
nickel, zinc, tin and oxides). All thermoplastic molded component requirements
used for such products as the ATO(R), MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) fuse product lines
are met through the Company's in-house molding capabilities.

After components are stamped, molded, plated and readied for assembly, final
assembly is accomplished on fully automatic and semi-automatic assembly
machines. Quality assurance and operations personnel, using techniques such as
Statistical Process Control, perform tests, checks and measurements during the
production process to maintain the highest levels of product quality and
customer satisfaction.

The principal raw materials for the Company's products include copper and copper
alloys, heat resistant plastics, zinc, melamine, glass, silver, raw silicon,
solder and various gases. The Company depends upon a sole source for several
heat resistant plastics and zinc. The Company believes that suitable alternative
heat resistant plastics and zinc are available from other sources at prices that
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. All of the other raw
materials are purchased from a number of readily available outside sources.

A computer-aided design and manufacturing system (CAD/CAM) expedites product
development and machine design and our laboratories test new products, prototype
concepts and production run samples. The Company participates in "Just-in-Time"
delivery programs and with many of its major suppliers and actively promotes the
building of strong cooperative relationships with its suppliers by utilizing
Early Supplier Involvement techniques and involving them in pre-engineering
product and process development.

MARKETING

The Company's domestic sales and marketing staff of over 75 people maintains
relations with major OEMs and distributors. The Company's sales, marketing and
engineering personnel interact directly with the OEM engineers to ensure
appropriate circuit protection and reliability within the parameters of the
OEM's circuit design. Internationally, the Company maintains a sales and
marketing staff of over 40 people and sales offices in The Netherlands, England,
France, Germany, Spain, Ireland, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Brazil, Hong Kong,
Korea and China. The Company also markets its products indirectly through a
worldwide organization of over 120 manufacturers' representatives and
distributes through an extensive network of electronic, automotive and
electrical distributors.

ELECTRONIC

The Company retains manufacturers' representatives to sell its electronic
products and to call on major domestic and international OEMs and distributors.
The Company distributes approximately one-third of its domestic products
directly to OEMs, with the remainder sold through distributors nationwide.

In the Asia-Pacific region, the Company maintains a direct sales staff and
utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors in Japan, Singapore,
Korea, Taiwan, China, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia,
Philippines, New Zealand and Australia. In Europe, the Company maintains a
direct sales force and utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors
to support a wide array of customers.

AUTOMOTIVE

The Company maintains a direct sales force to service all the major automotive
OEMs (including the United States manufacturing operations of foreign-based
OEMs) through both the engineering and purchasing departments of these
companies. Twenty-two manufacturers' representatives represent the Company's
products to aftermarket fuse retailers such as Autozone and Pep Boys. In Europe,
the Company uses both a direct sales force and manufacturers' representatives to
distribute its products to BMW, Volvo, Saab, Jaguar and other OEMs, as well as
aftermarket distributors. In the Asia-Pacific region, the Company has licensed
its automotive fuse technology to a Japanese firm, which supplies the majority
of the automotive fuses to the Japanese customers in the region, including
Toyota, Honda and Nissan.

ELECTRICAL

                                       5

<PAGE>

The Company markets and sells its power fuses through manufacturers'
representatives across North America. These representatives sell power fuse
products through an electrical distribution network comprised of approximately
1,600 distributor buying locations. These distributors have customers that
include electrical contractors, municipalities, utilities and factories
(including both MRO and OEM).

The Company's field sales force (including regional sales managers and
application engineers) and manufacturers' representatives call on both
distributors and end-users (consulting engineers, municipalities, utilities and
OEMs) in an effort to educate these customers on the capabilities and
characteristics of the Company's products.

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company has three reportable geographic business segments: Americas, Europe
and Asia-Pacific. For information with respect to the Company's operations in
its three geographic areas for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2005, see
Business Segment Information included as part of "Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data"- incorporated herein by reference.

CUSTOMERS

The Company sells to over 10,000 customers worldwide. No single customer
accounted for more than 10% of net sales during the last three years. During the
2004, 2003 and 2002 fiscal years, net sales to customers outside the United
States (exports and foreign operations) accounted for approximately 60.4%, 55.9%
and 53.7%, respectively, of the Company's total net sales.

COMPETITION

The Company's products compete with similar products of other manufacturers,
some of which have substantially greater financial resources than the Company.
In the electronics market, the Company's competitors include AVX, Bel Fuse,
Bourns, Cooper Electronics, EPCOS, Raychem Division of TYCO International, San-O
Industrial Corp., and STMicroelectronics. In the automotive market, the
Company's competitors, both in sales to automobile manufacturers and in the
aftermarket, include Bussmann Division of Cooper Industries and MTA in Italy.
The Company licenses several of its automotive fuse designs to Bussmann. In the
electrical market, the Company's major competitors include Cooper Bussmann and
Ferraz Shawmut. The Company believes that it competes on the basis of innovative
products, the breadth of its product line, the quality and design of its
products and the responsiveness of its customer service in addition to price.

BACKLOG

The backlog of unfilled orders at January 1, 2005, was approximately $49.0
million, compared to $55.4 million at January 3, 2004. Substantially all of the
orders currently in backlog are scheduled for delivery in 2005.

EMPLOYEES

As of January 1, 2005, the Company employed 5,822 persons. Approximately 40
employees in the U.S., 1,430 employees in Mexico, 135 employees in Ireland and
541 employees in Germany are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The
U.S. agreement expires on March 31, 2005 for 40 employees, the Mexico agreement
expires February 28, 2006 for 1,430 employees, the Ireland agreement expires
December 31, 2006 for 135 employees, and the Germany agreement expires December
31, 2005 for 459 employees and February 28, 2006 for 82 employees. Overall, the
Company has historically maintained satisfactory employee relations and many of
its employees have long experience with the Company.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION

The Company is subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations relating
to air and water quality, the disposal of hazardous waste materials, safety and
health. Compliance with applicable environmental regulations has not
significantly changed the Company's competitive position, capital spending or
earnings in the past and the Company does not presently anticipate that
compliance with such regulations will change its competitive position, capital
spending or earnings for the foreseeable future. The Company employs an
environmental engineer to monitor regulatory matters and believes that it is
currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental
laws and regulations, except with respect to its facilities located in Ireland
and Irving, Texas. The Ireland facility was acquired in October 1999 in
connection with the acquisition of the Harris suppression products division.
Certain containment actions haven been ongoing and full disclosure with
appropriate agencies in Ireland has been initiated. The Company received an
indemnity from Harris Corporation with respect to these matters. The Irving,
Texas facility lease was assumed in July 2003 in connection with the acquisition
of Teccor Electronics, Inc. The Company is taking the appropriate measures

                                       6

<PAGE>
to bring this facility into compliance with Texas environmental laws, and the
Company also received an indemnity from Invensys plc with respect to this
matter. Heinrich Industries, AG ("Heinrich"), acquired by the company in May
2004, is responsible for maintaining coal mine shaft entrances and is compliant
with German regulations pertaining to the maintenance of the mines.

RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Company's business is subject to several risks and uncertainties, including:
(a) the highly competitive nature of the Company's industry and the impact that
competitors' new products and pricing may have upon the Company, (b) risks
associated with the Company's ability to manufacture and deliver products in a
manner that is responsive to its customers' needs, (c) risks of business
interruption resulting from labor disputes and (d) the likelihood that revenues
may vary significantly from one accounting period to another due to a variety of
factors, including customers' buying decisions, the Company's product mix and
general market and economic conditions. Such factors, as well as shortfalls in
the Company's results of operations as compared with analysts' expectations,
capital market conditions and general economic conditions, may also cause
substantial volatility in the market price of the Company's common stock.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

LITTELFUSE FACILITIES

The Company's operations are located in 35 owned or leased facilities worldwide,
representing an aggregate of approximately 1,725,004 square feet. The U.S.
headquarters and largest manufacturing facility are located in Des Plaines,
Illinois, supported by the Company's North American distribution center in
nearby Elk Grove Village, Illinois. The Company has additional North American
manufacturing facilities in Arcola, Illinois, Irving, Texas and two plants in
Mexico. The European headquarters and primary European distribution centers are
in the Netherlands and Germany, with manufacturing plants in England, Ireland,
Switzerland, Germany, Poland and Hungary. Asian operations include sales and
distribution centers located in Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, China and Korea, with
manufacturing plants in China and the Philippines. The Company does not believe
that it will encounter any difficulty in renewing its existing leases upon the
expiration of their current terms. Management believes that the Company's
facilities are adequate to meet its requirements for the foreseeable future.

The following table provides certain information concerning the Company's
facilities:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       LEASE
                                                  SIZE     LEASE/    EXPIRATION
       LOCATION                 USE              (SQ.FT.)   OWN         DATE        PRIMARY PRODUCT
- -----------------------  --------------------    --------  -------   -----------  -------------------
<S>                      <C>                     <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>
Des Plaines, Illinois    Administrative,          340,000  Owned           -      Auto, Electronic,
                         Engineering,                                             Electrical
                         Manufacturing,
                         Testing and Research

Irving, Texas            Administrative,          101,000  Leased       2005      Electronic
                         Engineering,
                         Manufacturing,
                         Testing and Research

Brownsville, Texas       Distribution              20,000  Leased       2009      Electronic
Matamoros, Mexico        Manufacturing             77,500  Leased       2005      Electronic
Matamoros, Mexico        Administrative,           14,000  Leased       2005      Electronic
                         Manufacturing

Arcola, Illinois         Manufacturing             36,000  Owned           -      Electrical
Atlanta, Georgia         Sales                     16,866  Owned           -      Electronic
Piedras Negras, Mexico   Manufacturing,           208,995  Leased       2007      Electronic and
                                                                                  Electrical

Piedras Negras, Mexico   Warehousing                5,000  Leased       2005      Electronic and
                                                                                  Electrical
Redditch, England        Sales                        450  Leased       2006      Electronic
Swindon, England         Manufacturing             55,000  Owned           -      Electronic
</TABLE>

                                       7

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                      <C>                      <C>      <C>          <C>       <C>
Utrecht,the Netherlands  Sales,                    34,642  Owned           -      Auto and Electronic
                         Administrative and
                         Distribution
Grenchen, Switzerland    Manufacturing             11,000  Owned           -      Auto

Germany                  Administrative            83,682  Owned           -      Auto, Electronic,
                                                                                  Electrical
Dunsen, Germany          Manufacturing, Sales      36,765  Owned           -      Auto
Eltville, Germany        Manufacturing, Sales      74,862  Owned           -      Electrical
Schwabach, Germany       Manufacturing, Sales      10,395  Leased       2005      Electrical
Uebigau, Germany         Manufacturing             63,099  Owned           -      Electrical
Witten, Germany          Manufacturing, Sales     168,939  Owned           -      Electronic
Ungarn, Hungary          Manufacturing, Sales      17,496  Leased       2005      Electrical
Polska, Poland           Sales                      3,420  Leased       2005      Electrical
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               LEASE
                                             SIZE    LEASE/  EXPIRATION
    LOCATION               USE             (SQ.FT.)   OWN       DATE           PRIMARY PRODUCT
- -----------------      -------------       --------  ------  ----------       -------------------
<S>                    <C>                 <C>       <C>     <C>              <C>
Singapore              Sales and             15,696  Leased     2006          Electronic & Auto
                       Distribution
Seoul, Korea           Sales                  4,589  Leased     2005          Electronic and Auto
Philippines            Manufacturing         58,127  Owned         -          Electronic
Dongguan, China        Manufacturing         33,327  Leased     2007          Electronic
Dongguan, China        Manufacturing         13,230  Leased     2007          Electrical
Suzhou, China          Manufacturing         43,913  Owned         -          Electronic
Suzhou, China          Warehousing           26,039  Leased     2006          Electronic
Hong Kong, China       Sales                  2,000  Leased     2006          Electronic
Hong Kong              Sales                  3,636  Leased     2005          Electronic
Taipei, Taiwan         Sales                    255  Leased     2007          Electronic
Yokohama, Japan        Sales                  6,243  Leased     2005          Electronic
Yokohama, Japan        Distribution          17,858  Leased     2005          Electronic
Sao Paulo, Brazil      Sales                    800  Leased     2005          Electronic & Auto
Dundalk, Ireland       Manufacturing        120,000  Owned         -          Electronic & Auto
</TABLE>

Properties with lease expirations in 2005 renew at various times throughout the
year. At this point, the Company does not anticipate any material impact as a
result of such expirations.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is not a party to any legal proceedings that it believes will have a
material adverse effect upon the conduct of its business or its financial
position.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There were no matters submitted to the Company's stockholders during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2004.

                                       8

<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The executive officers of the Company are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  NAME                             AGE                         POSITION
                  ----                             ---                         --------
<S>                                                <C>   <C>
Howard B. Witt..................................    64   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (1)

Gordon Hunter...................................    53   Chief Operating Officer(2)

Kenneth R. Audino...............................    61   Vice President, Organizational Development and Total Quality
                                                         Management

Philip G. Franklin..............................    53   Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial
                                                         Officer

Dal Ferbert.....................................    50   Vice President and General Manager of the Electrical
                                                         Business Unit

David W. Heinzmann..............................    41   Vice President and General Manager of the Automotive
                                                         Business Unit

David R. Samyn..................................    44   Vice President and General Manager of the Electronics
                                                         Business Unit

Elizabeth C. Calhoun............................    43   Vice President, Human Resources

Mary S. Muchoney................................    59   Corporate Secretary
</TABLE>

(1)   Retired December 31, 2004, currently serves as a director.

(2)   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2005.

Officers of Littelfuse are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the
discretion of the Board.

Howard B. Witt was elected as the Chairman of the Board of the Company in May,
1993. He was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in
February 1990. As of January 1, 2005, Mr Witt retired from the position of
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to his appointment as
President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Witt served in several other key
management positions since joining the Company as Operations Manager in 1979.
Mr. Witt serves as a Director of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. and is a member of
the Electronic Industries Alliance Board of Directors. He also serves as a
director of the Artisan Mutual Fund.

Gordon Hunter, Chief Operating Officer, had the responsibility for global sales
and production. As of January 1, 2005, Mr. Hunter assumed the role of Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hunter has been a member of the Board
of Directors of the Company since June 2002, where he has served as Chairman of
the Technology Committee. Prior to joining Littelfuse, Mr. Hunter was employed
with Intel Corporation, where he was Vice President, Intel Communications Group,
and General Manager, Optical Products Group responsible for managing the access
and optical communications business segments, from 2002 to 2003. From 1997 to
2002, he also served as a Vice President for Raychem Corporation. His experience
includes 20 years with Raychem Corporation in the United States and Europe, with
responsibilities in sales, marketing, engineering and general management.

Kenneth R. Audino, Vice President, Organizational Development and Total Quality
Management, is responsible for the Company's overall quality, reliability and
environmental compliance, quality systems and Des Plaines product evaluation
laboratories. Mr. Audino joined Littelfuse as a Control Technician in 1964. From
1964 to 1977, he progressed through several quality and reliability positions to
Manager of Reliability and Standards. In 1983, he became Managing Director of
the European Headquarters and later was named Corporate Director of Quality
Assurance and Reliability. He was promoted to his current position in 1998.

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial
Officer, has responsibility for investor relations, accounting, information
systems and global supply chain functions of the Company. Mr. Franklin joined
the Company in 1998 from OmniQuip International, a $450 million construction
equipment manufacturer which he helped take public.

                                       9

<PAGE>

Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager of the Electrical Business Unit,
is responsible for the management of daily operations, sales, marketing and
strategic planning efforts of the Electrical Business Unit (POWR-GARD Products).
Mr. Ferbert joined the Company in 1976 as a member of the electronic distributor
sales team. From 1980 to 1989 he served in the Materials Management Department
as a buyer and then Purchasing Manager. In 1990, he was promoted to National
Sales Manager of the Electrical Business Unit and then promoted to his current
position in 2004.

David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager of the Automotive Unit,
is responsible for marketing, sales, product development and manufacturing for
all automotive customers and products. Mr. Heinzmann began his career at the
Company in 1985, and possesses a broad range of experience within the
organization. He has held positions as a Manufacturing Manager, Quality Manager,
Plant Manager and Product Development Manager. Mr. Heinzmann also served as
Director of Global Operations of the Electronics Business Unit from early 2000
through 2003.

David R. Samyn, Vice President and General Manager of the Electronics Unit, is
responsible for marketing, sales, product development and manufacturing for all
electronics customers and products. Mr. Samyn joined the Company's management
team in January 2003 as General Manager of the Electronics Business Unit. Prior
to joining the Company, Mr. Samyn served as Vice President - Global Sales with
Airfiber, Inc., an optical wireless telecom company in San Diego, CA from 2001
to 2003. Before that, Mr. Samyn spent five years with ADC Telecommunications
where he took on global sales and marketing responsibilities.

Elizabeth Calhoun, Vice President, Director of Human Resources, has
responsibility for the worldwide human resource function. Ms. Calhoun joined the
Company in November 2004 with over seventeen years of experience in human
resources. Prior to joining Littelfuse, she was Director , Human Resources -
Home Services for Sears Roebuck and Company in Hoffman Estates, IL from 2002 to
2004. Ms. Calhoun's career also includes human resources management positions
with Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc., from 1995 to 2002.

Mary S. Muchoney has served as Corporate Secretary since 1991, after joining
Littelfuse in 1977. She is responsible for providing all secretarial and
administrative functions for the President and Littelfuse Board of Directors.
Ms. Muchoney is a member of the American Society of Corporate Secretaries.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information set forth under "Quarterly Stock Prices" on page 42 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. As of
February 26, 2005, there were 173 holders of record of the Company's Common
Stock and approximately 5000 beneficial holders of its Common Stock.

Shares of the Company's Common Stock are traded under the symbol "LFUS" on The
Nasdaq Stock Market.

The Company has not paid any cash dividends in its history. Future dividend
policy will be determined by the Board of Directors based upon their evaluation
of earnings, cash availability and general business prospects. Currently, there
are restrictions on the payment of dividends contained in the Company's credit
agreements which relate to the maintenance of a minimum net worth and certain
financial ratios. There were no stock repurchases made in the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2004.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information set forth under "Selected Financial Data - Five Year Summary" on
page 42 of the Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

The information set forth under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 15 through 21 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

                                       10

<PAGE>

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

The information set forth under "Market Risk" on page 20 of the Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the
Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto of the Company set forth on
pages 23 through 42 of the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein
by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
January 1, 2005, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries has been made known to them by the employees of the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries during the period preceding the
filing of this Report. There were no significant changes in the Company's
internal controls during the period covered by this Report that could materially
affect these controls or could reasonably be expected to materially affect the
Company's internal control reporting, disclosures and procedures subsequent to
the last day they were evaluated by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company.

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of Littelfuse, Inc. is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-(f). Littelfuse, Inc.'s internal
control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's
management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair
presentation of published financial statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.

An internal control significant deficiency is a control deficiency, or
combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the company's
ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial
data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such
that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the company's
annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will
not be prevented or detected. An internal control material weakness is a
significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results
in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.

Littelfuse, Inc.'s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2005 based upon the
framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). This assessment
identified material weaknesses in the Company's approval process over journal
entries and a lack of adequate controls over the accounting for foreign currency
translations. Specifically, certain managers had the ability to record journal
entries of significant amounts in the Company's consolidation process without
adequate review or supporting documentation. Additionally, a number of
adjustments to the amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and
Statement of Cash Flows were needed due to the failure and lack of controls
mentioned above. The Company recorded an adjustment to increase both accrued
liabilities and inventory without adequate support review that was subsequently
corrected after it was determined it was recorded in error. The increase in
accrued liabilities should have been an increase to foreign currency
translation. Additionally, two significant adjustments were made to correct the
amount reported as "Effect of exchange rate changes in cash" in the consolidated
statements of Cash Flows, which impacted cash flows from operating activities
and cash flows from financing activities.

Because of the material weaknesses described above, management concluded that,
as of January 1, 2005, the Company's internal control over financial reporting
was not effective based on those criteria.

Littelfuse, Inc.'s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young
LLP, has issued an audit report on our assessment of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting and the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Their report appears on page 24 of the Annual
Report in Exhibit 13.1.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.

REMEDIATION STEPS TO ADDRESS MATERIAL WEAKNESS

The company has implemented the following remediation steps to address the
material weakness discussed above:

- -     Additional procedures have been implemented over the journal entry
      approval process.

- -     The Company will hire additional financial reporting personnel who have
      relevant experience with foreign currency translation.

- -     Additional procedures will be implemented to review on a quarterly basis
      the foreign currency translation component of accumulated comprehensive
      income and the impact of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

                                       11

<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information set forth under "Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference. Please also refer to the information set forth
under "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this Report. The
Company maintains a code of ethics for our chief executive officer and senior
financial officers, which is available for public viewing on the Company's web
site (www.littelfuse.com) under the heading "Investors - Corporate Governance."

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information set forth under "Compensation of Executive Officers" in the
Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference, except for the sections
captioned "Reports of the Compensation Committee on Executive Compensation" and
"Company Performance."

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information set forth under "Ownership of Littelfuse, Inc. Common Stock" in
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

STOCK PLAN DISCLOSURE

The following table represents the Company's equity compensation plans,
including both stockholder approved plans and non-stockholder approved plans.
The section entitled "Compensation of Directors" in the Proxy Statement contains
a summary explanation of the Stock Plan for New Directors of Littelfuse, Inc.,
which has been adopted without the approval of stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                    NUMBER OF SECURITIES                         REMAINING AVAILABLE
                                      TO BE ISSUED UPON    WEIGHTED-AVERAGE      FOR FUTURE ISSUANCE
                                         EXERCISE OF       EXERCISE PRICE OF        UNDER EQUITY
         PLAN CATEGORY               OUTSTANDING OPTION   OUTSTANDING OPTIONS    COMPENSATION PLANS
- ------------------------------      --------------------  -------------------   --------------------
<S>                                 <C>                   <C>                   <C>
Equity compensation plans
  approved by security holders            1,650,440            $  26.97                439,030
Equity compensation plans not
  approved by security holders               10,000            $  23.48                 15,000
Total                                     1,660,440            $  26.97                454,030
</TABLE>

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information set forth under "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"
in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information set forth under "Audit and Non-Audit Fees" in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to the
Company's auditors and the Audit Committee's pre-approval policies can be
found under the caption "Report of the Audit Committee" in the Proxy Statement
which is incorporated herein by reference.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)   Financial Statements and Schedules

      (1)   Financial Statements. The following financial statements included in
            the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
            reference.

                                       12

<PAGE>

      (i)   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
            (pages 23-24).

      (ii)  Consolidated Balance Sheet as of January 1, 2005, and January 3,
            2004 (page 25).

      (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 1,
            2005, January 3, 2004, and December 28, 2002 (page 26).

      (iv)  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 1,
            2005, January 3, 2004, and December 28, 2002 (page 27).

      (v)   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended
            January 1, 2005, January 3, 2004, and December 28, 2002 (page 28).

      (vi)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (pages 29-42).

      (2)   Financial Statement Schedules. The following financial statement
            schedule is submitted herewith for the periods indicated therein.

      (i)   Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

      All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
      accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
      required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and,
      therefore, have been omitted.

      (3)   Exhibits

      See Exhibit Index on pages 16-17.

(b)   Exhibits

      See Exhibit Index on pages 16 to 17.

(c)   Financial Statement Schedules

                                       13

<PAGE>

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  ADDITIONS
                                                  CHARGED TO
                                     BALANCE AT   COSTS AND                   OTHER       BALANCE AT
                                      BEGINNING    EXPENSES    DEDUCTIONS    INCREASES     END OF
             DESCRIPTION               OF YEAR       (A)          (B)          (C)           YEAR
- ----------------------------------   ----------   ---------    ----------   ----------    ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Year ended January 1, 2005
  Allowance for losses on
   accounts receivable............    $  1,042     $ 1,136      $    486     $      -      $  1,692
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
  Reserves for sales discounts
   and allowances.................    $  6,428     $ 2,112      $      2     $      -      $  8,538
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
  Valuation allowance for
   deferred tax assets............    $  2,666     $ 1,099      $      -     $  2,758      $  6,523
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
Year ended January 3, 2004
  Allowance for losses on
   accounts receivable............    $  1,067     $    50      $     75     $      -      $  1,042
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
  Reserves for sales discounts
   and allowances.................    $  6,263     $   165      $      -     $      -      $  6,428
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
  Valuation allowance for
   deferred tax assets............    $  1,785     $    96      $      -     $    785      $  2,666
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
Year ended December 28, 2002
  Allowance for losses on
   accounts receivable............    $  1,244     $   373      $    550     $      -      $  1,067
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
  Reserves for sales discounts
   and allowances.................    $  6,275     $     -      $     12     $      -      $  6,263
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
  Valuation allowance for
   deferred tax assets............    $    392     $     -      $      -     $  1,393      $  1,785
                                      ========     =======      ========     ========      ========
</TABLE>

(A)   Includes acquired balances of $334 for Heinrich and $50 for Teccor in
      fiscal year 2004 and 2003, respectively, for allowance for losses on
      accounts receivable.

(B)   Write-off of uncollectible accounts, net of recoveries and foreign
      currency translation.

(C)   Represents additional allowances for foreign operating losses.


                                       14

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                            Littelfuse, Inc.

                                            By /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                               -------------------------------
                                                   Gordon Hunter,
                                                   Chairman, President and Chief
                                                   Executive Officer

Date: March 17, 2005

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 16, 2005.

    /s/ Gordon Hunter           Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
- ----------------------------     Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
Gordon Hunter

    /s/ John P. Driscoll        Director
- ----------------------------
John P. Driscoll

    /s/ Anthony Grillo          Director
- ----------------------------
Anthony Grillo

    /s/ Bruce A. Karsh          Director
- ----------------------------
Bruce A. Karsh

    /s/ John E. Major           Director
- ----------------------------
John E. Major

    /s/ Ronald L. Schubel       Director
- ----------------------------
Ronald L. Schubel

    /s/ Howard B. Witt          Director
- ----------------------------
Howard B. Witt

    /s/ Philip G. Franklin      Vice President, Operations Support and
- ----------------------------    Chief Financial Officer
Philip G. Franklin              (Principal Financial and Principal
                                Accounting Officer)

                                       15

<PAGE>

                                 LITTELFUSE INC.

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NUMBER                               DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- ------                               ----------------------
<S>        <C>
3.1        Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date (filed as 3.1 to the
           Company's Form 10K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 1998 (1934 Act
           File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

3.1A       Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit
           4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 1, 1995
           (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

3.2        Bylaws, as amended to date (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form
           10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 29, 2002 (1934 Act File No.
           0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

4.1        Littelfuse Rights Plan Agreement, dated as of December 15, 1995, between
           Littelfuse, Inc. and LaSalle National Bank, as Rights Agent, together with
           Exhibits thereto, as amended (filed as exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Form
           10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 3, 1998 (1934 Act File No.
           0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

4.2        Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 1, 1998, relating to
           $60,000,000 principal amount of Littelfuse, Inc. 6.16% Senior Notes due
           September 1, 2005. (filed as exhibit 4.11 to the Company's Form 10-K for
           the fiscal year ended January 2, 1999 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
           incorporated herein by reference).

10.1       Employment Agreement dated as of August 8, 2003, between Littelfuse, Inc.
           and Howard B. Witt (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for
           the quarterly period ended September 27, 2003 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
           and incorporated herein by reference).

10.2       Patent License Agreement, dated as of July 28, 1995, between Littelfuse,
           Inc. and Pacific Engineering Company, Ltd.(filed as exhibit 10.3 to the
           Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 1996 (1934 Act
           File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.3       MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) License Agreement, dated as of June 21, 1989, between
           Littelfuse, Inc. and Cooper Industries, Inc. (filed as exhibit 4.6 to the
           Company's Form 10 effective September 16, 1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
           and incorporated herein by reference).

10.4       Patent License Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1987, between Littelfuse,
           Inc. and Cooper Industries, Inc. (filed as exhibit 4.6 to the Company's
           Form 10 effective September 16, 1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
           incorporated herein by reference).

10.5       1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., as
           amended (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended June 29, 2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
           incorporated herein by reference).

10.6       Littelfuse, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as exhibit
           10.10 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993
           (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.7       Littelfuse Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors, as
           amended (filed as exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal
           year ended January 2, 1999 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
           herein by reference).

10.8       Littelfuse Executive Loan Program (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's
           Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 1995 (1934 Act File No.
           0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.9       Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of November 3, 2003,
           between Littelfuse, Inc. and Gordon Hunter (filed as exhibit 10.10 to the
           Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended January 3, 2004 (1934 Act
           File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference (other executives
           named in this Form 10-K but not listed in this Exhibit Index as having a
           Change of Control Employment Agreement are parties to agreements
           substantially similar to this agreement)).

10.10      Form of Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1,
           2001, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Mr. Franklin and Ms. Muchoney (filed as
           exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
           September 29, 2001 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
           reference).

10.11      Form of Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1,
           2001, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Mr. Kenneth Audino (filed as exhibit
           10.13 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September
           29, 2001 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
           reference).
</TABLE>

                                       16

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- ------                             ----------------------
<S>         <C>

10.12       Stock Plan for New Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (filed as exhibit
            10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
            September 28, 2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
            herein by reference).

10.13       Bank credit agreement among Littelfuse, Inc., as borrower, the
            lenders named therein and the Bank of America N.A., as agent, dated
            as of August 26, 2003 (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form
            10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2003 (1934 Act
            File No. 0-20388 and incorporated herein by reference).

10.14       Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., as
            amended (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
            quarterly period ended March 30, 2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
            and incorporated herein by reference).

10.15       Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan dated January 1, 1992, as amended
            and restated (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Form 10-K for
            the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
            and incorporated herein by reference).

10.16       First Amendment to the Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan (filed as
            exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
            December 28, 2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
            herein by reference).

10.17       Littelfuse, Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan (filed as exhibit 4.8 to the
            Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992
            (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.18       First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated as of December 31,
            2004, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Howard B. Witt.

10.19       Consulting Agreement dated as of January 1, 2005, between
            Littelfuse, Inc. and Howard B. Witt.

10.20       Letter Agreement dated November 8, 2004, between Littelfuse, Inc.
            and Kenneth R. Audino.

10.21       Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of November 8, 2004,
            between Littelfuse, Inc. and Elizabeth Calhoun.

10.22       Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1993 Stock
            Plan For Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. for employees
            of the Company (filed as exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current
            Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2004 (1934 Act File No.
            0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.23       Form of Specimen Performance Shares Agreement under the 1993 Stock
            Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc.

10.24       Form of Specimen Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1993
            Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. for
            non-employee directors of the Company.

10.25       Summary of Executive Officer Compensation.

10.26       Summary of Director Compensation.

13.1        Portions of Littelfuse Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal
            year ended January 1, 2005.

14.1        Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Financial Officers

21.1        Subsidiaries.

23.1        Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

31.1        Certification of Gordon Hunter, Pursuant to Section 302 of the
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2        Certification of Philip Franklin, Pursuant to Section 302 of the
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1        Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
            2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
</TABLE>

                                       17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w18.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT FOR HOWARD B. WITT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.18

                                 FIRST AMENDMENT
                                       TO
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS FIRST AMENDMENT is made and entered into as of the 31st day of
December, 2004, by and between Littelfuse, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), and Howard B. Witt (the "Executive");

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive have heretofore entered into an
Employment Agreement dated August 8, 2003 (the "Employment Agreement");

      WHEREAS, the term of the Executive's employment with the Company under the
Employment Agreement ends on December 31, 2004, at which time the Executive
intends to retire;

      WHEREAS, the Employment Agreement provides that the Executive will not
compete for a period of two years after his employment with the Company
terminates; and

      WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive wish to extend the non-competition
period for an additional two-year period, all upon the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

      1. The first sentence of Section 11.1 of the Employment Agreement is
hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

            11.1. During the period that the Executive is employed by the
            Company and, unless the Executive terminates his employment for Good
            Reason or the Company terminates his employment other than for
            Cause, for a period of four years commencing January 1, 2005
            (hereinafter said four-year period is referred to as the
            "Restrictive Period"), the Executive agrees that the Executive will
            not (i) own or have any interest, directly or indirectly, in, or act
            as an officer, director, employee, consultant, agent or
            representative of, or assist in any way or in any capacity, any
            Competitor (as such term is hereinafter defined); or (ii) directly
            or indirectly entice, induce or in any manner influence any person
            who is, or shall be, in the service of the Company or any of its
            Affiliates (as such term

<PAGE>

            is hereinafter defined) to leave such service for the purpose of
            owning or having any interest, directly or indirectly, in, or being
            employed by or associated with any Competitor.

      2. In consideration for the Executive agreeing to extend the
non-competition period under his Employment Agreement for an additional two
years, the Company agrees to pay to the Executive Two Hundred Thousand Dollars
($200,000) on or before January 15, 2005.

      3. Except as specifically amended hereby, the Employment Agreement shall
remain unchanged and continue in full force and effect.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed the First Amendment
as of the day and year first above written.

LITTELFUSE, INC.

By      /s/ Philip Franklin                             /s/ Howard B. Witt
   ----------------------------                       --------------------------
   Its  Vice President                                  Howard B. Witt
       ------------------------
                                       -2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w19.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSULTING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.19

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1st day of January,
2005, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
and HOWARD B. WITT (the "Consultant");

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Company wishes to retain the services of the Consultant in
connection with its business, all upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

      1. Consulting Period. The Company agrees to retain the consulting services
of the Consultant, and the Consultant agrees to render such consulting services
to the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period beginning January 1, 2005, and ending on December 31, 2006 (the
"Consulting Period").

      2. Consulting Services. During the Consulting Period, the Consultant
agrees to provide such consulting services as may be reasonably requested by the
President or the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time, but in no
event shall the Consultant be required to work more than 40 hours during any
calendar month.

      3. Compensation. During the Consulting Period, the Company agrees to pay
the Consultant $22,916.66 each month as compensation for any consulting services
rendered by the Consultant hereunder.

      4. Serving as a Director. During the Consulting Period, the Consultant
agrees, if requested by the Board of Directors of the Company and elected by the
stockholders of the Company, to serve as a director of the Company. If the
Consultant is elected as a director of the Company, in addition to the
compensation provided for in Section 3 hereof, the Consultant will be paid for
his services as a director the compensation paid to the other non-employee
directors of the Company for their services as directors of the Company

      5. Termination.

      5.1. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time during the
Consulting Period upon written notice to the Consultant in the event that the
Consultant (i) willfully and

<PAGE>

continually fails to perform the consulting services provided for in this
Agreement (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical
or mental illness) and such failure is not cured within twenty days to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Board of Directors of the Company; or (ii)
engages in any illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and
demonstrably injurious to the Company.

      5.2. In the event the Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to
Section 5.1 hereof: (i) the Company shall pay to the Consultant the compensation
provided for in Section 3 hereof accrued up to the date of such termination and
shall have no further obligation to pay the Consultant any other compensation
under this Agreement for consulting services with respect to any period before
or after the date of such termination; and (ii) if requested by the Board of
Directors of the Company, the Consultant will resign as a director of the
Company.

      6. Working Facilities. During the Consulting Period, the Consultant shall
be furnished with office space, furnishings, secretarial assistance and such
other facilities and services as the President or the Board of Directors of the
Company shall decide are reasonably necessary for the performance of the
Consultant's consultant services hereunder; provided, however, that the Company
agrees that, so long as Mary Muchoney is reasonably available for this purpose,
the Consultant shall be afforded the part-time administrative and secretarial
services of Mary Muchoney during the Consulting Period.

      7. Expenses. During the Consulting Period, the Company will reimburse the
Consultant for such reasonable business expenses which are incurred by the
Consultant in performing his duties hereunder upon the presentation by the
Consultant from time to time (and at least monthly) of an itemized account of
such expenditures containing such detail as may be reasonably required by the
President or the Board of Directors of the Company.

      8. Independent Contractor. The Consultant shall be and remain an
independent contractor during the Consulting Period and shall not be deemed to
be an employee of the Company for any purpose whatsoever and shall not have, nor
shall the Consultant hold the Consultant out as having, any right, power or
authority to create any contract or obligation, either express or implied, on
behalf of, in the name, or binding upon the Company, unless the Company shall
consent thereto in writing.

      9. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois.

      10. Notices. Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication
which may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been properly given when delivered personally at the
address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at
such address, when sent by facsimile transmission to the respective facsimile
transmission numbers of the parties set forth below with telephone confirmation
of receipt, or when sent by recognized overnight courier or by United States
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed as follows:

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                     If to the Company:

                     Littelfuse, Inc.
                     800 E. Northwest Highway
                     Des Plaines, Illinois 60016
                     Attention: President
                     Facsimile: (847) 824-3865
                     Confirm:   (847) 391-0304

                     If to the Consultant:

                     Howard B. Witt
                     93-A Bateman Road
                     Barrington Hills, Illinois 60010
                     Facsimile: _________________
                     Confirm:   (847) 382-5821

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of
such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to
time designate by written notice to the other parties hereto. Each notice,
request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed delivered, given and received for all purposes
of this Agreement as of two business days after the date of deposit thereof for
mailing in a duly constituted United States post office or branch thereof, one
business day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon
confirmation of receipt of any facsimile transmission. Notice given to a party
hereto by any other method shall only be deemed to be delivered, given and
received when actually received in writing by such party.

      11. Retirement. The Company and the Consultant agree that the Consultant
shall be deemed to have retired as an employee of the Company for all purposes
on the day preceding the date of this Agreement.

      12. Indemnification. Each party hereto agrees to indemnify the other party
hereto against, and to hold it or him harmless from, any and all claims,
lawsuits, losses, damages, expenses, costs and liabilities, including, without
limitation, court costs and attorneys' fees, which the other party may sustain
as a result of, or in connection with, either directly or indirectly, the other
party's breach or violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

      13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings of, and constitutes the entire agreement between, the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and no modification or
amendment of, or waiver under, this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing
and signed by the Consultant and an officer of the Company pursuant to express
authority granted by the Board of Directors of the Company.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

      14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Consulting
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

LITTELFUSE, INC.

By   /s/ Philip Franklin                          /s/ Howard B. Witt
  -------------------------                   ----------------------------------
Its  Vice President                                   Howard B. Witt
   ------------------------
                                       -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w20.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.20






                                        November 8, 2004



Mr. Kenneth R. Audino
Littelfuse, Inc.
800 East Northwest Highway
Des Plaines, Illinois 60016

Dear Ken:

     You have advised us that it is your intention to retire from Littelfuse
shortly after you reach age 62.  You have also expressed a concern that, given
the recent changes in Littelfuse management, you may not be allowed to remain
an employee of Littelfuse until reaching age 62.

     You are considered a valuable member of the Littelfuse management team.
Accordingly, in order to allay any concern you may have regarding your
continued employment with Littelfuse, Littelfuse agrees that your employment
will not be terminated by Littelfuse any sooner than March 1, 2006, unless you
are "Terminated for Cause," as such term is defined in the Littelfuse, Inc.
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.  During this period, your salary will
not be decreased and you will continue to be eligible for all of the benefits
to which you would otherwise be entitled under the Littelfuse bonus, stock
option, performance shares (but only if the three-year performance period with
respect to a particular grant will expire prior to March 1, 2006), SERP,
pension, 401(k), and medical plans.  Additionally, your change in control
agreement will remain in place.


                                     Very truly yours,


                                     LITTELFUSE, INC.



                                     By: /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                         ----------------------------
                                         Gordon Hunter, Chief Operating
                                         Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.21

                                CHANGE OF CONTROL
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 8th day of November,
2004, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as the "Company"), and ELIZABETH CALHOUN (hereinafter referred to as
the "Executive");

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
the "Board") has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders to provide the Executive with certain protections against the
uncertainties usually created by a Change of Control (as such term is
hereinafter defined); and

      WHEREAS, the Board believes that the protections provided to the Executive
in connection with a Change of Control will better enable the Executive to
devote her full time, attention and energy to the business of the Company prior
to and after a Change of Control, thereby benefitting the Company and its
stockholders;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as
follows:

      Section 1. Certain Definitions. (a) The "Effective Date" shall mean the
first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)
hereof) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2 hereof) occurs.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if a
Change of Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is
reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i)
was at the direct or indirect request of a third party who theretofore had taken
any steps intended to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise arose in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all purposes
of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately prior to
the date of such termination of employment.

      (b) The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending on September 1, 2006.

<PAGE>

      Section 2. Change of Control. For the purpose of this Agreement, a "Change
of Control" shall mean:

            (a) The acquisition in one or more transactions by any individual,
      entity or group (hereinafter referred to collectively as a "Person")
      within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended (hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Act"), of
      beneficial ownership (within the meaning of, and calculated in accordance
      with, Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 20% or more of
      either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding Company Common Stock") or
      (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities
      of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities");
      provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a), the following
      acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (i) any acquisition
      directly from the Company, (ii) any acquisition by the Company, (iii) any
      acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or
      maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company,
      (iv) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which
      complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this
      Section 2 or (v) any acquisition by Oaktree Capital Management, LLC, a
      California limited liability company, or any of its Affiliates or
      Associates (as used herein, the terms "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall
      have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the
      General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act); or

            (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to
      constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any
      individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
      election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was
      approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising
      the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a
      member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such
      individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an
      actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or
      removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
      or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

            (c) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
      sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
      Company (hereinafter referred to as a "Business Combination") unless,
      following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the
      individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of
      the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
      own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then
      outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the
      then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
      election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting
      from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a
      corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
      or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through
      one or more subsidiaries) in

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior
      to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and
      Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person
      (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any
      employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such
      corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns,
      directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively, the then outstanding
      shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business
      Combination, or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
      securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership
      existed prior to the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of
      the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from
      such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time
      of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board,
      providing for such Business Combination; or

            (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
      liquidation or dissolution of the Company within one year after a Business
      Combination.

      Section 3. Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to continue to
employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain as an employee
of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of
such date (the "Employment Period").

      Section 4. Terms of Employment.

      (a) Position and Duties. (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the
Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held,
exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed
at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the
Effective Date or any office or location less than 20 miles from such location.

      (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation
and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to
devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the
business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge
the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's
reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

      (b) Compensation. (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall receive an annual base salary (hereinafter referred to as the
"Annual Base Salary"), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, equal to at least
twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base
salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the Company and
its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the Employment
Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12 months after
the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the Effective Date
and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not
serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this
Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such increase and
the term Annual Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base
Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term "affiliated
companies" shall include any company controlled by, controlling or under common
control with the Company.

      (ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to the Annual Base Salary, the Executive
shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, an
annual bonus (hereinafter referred to as the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least
equal to the Executive's highest bonus under the Company's incentive bonus
program or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plan, for the
last three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (annualized in the
event that the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such
fiscal year) (hereinafter referred to as the "Recent Annual Bonus"). Each such
Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the end of the third month of the
fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is
awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual
Bonus.

      (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings
and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no
event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive
with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special
incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is
applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each
case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those
provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under
such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the Executive
and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for
participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans,
practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated
companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
disability, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident
insurance plans and

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer executives of the
Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans,
practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits which are
less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such plans,
practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time during
the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the
Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated
companies.

      (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by
the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and
procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at
any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

      (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial
planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an
automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most
favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during
the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with
respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies,
programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect
for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding
the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect
generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the
Company and its affiliated companies.

      Section 5. Termination of Employment.

      (a) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the
Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant
to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give written notice to
the Executive of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such
event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on
the 30th day after delivery of such notice to the Executive (the "Disability

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days after such delivery, the
Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive's
duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the absence of
the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis
for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or
physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician
selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable to the
Executive or the Executive's legal representative.

      (b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the
Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

            (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform
      substantially the Executive's duties with the Company (other than any such
      failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness),
      after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the
      Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which
      the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the
      Executive's duties and such failure is not cured within sixty (60)
      calendar days after receipt of such written demand; or

            (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or
      gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the
      Company.

For purposes of this provision, any act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive in violation or contravention of any order, resolution or directive of
the Board of Directors of the Company shall be considered "willful" unless such
order, resolution or directive is illegal or in violation of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company; provided, however, that no other act or
failure to act on the part of the Executive, shall be considered "willful,"
unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or
without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the
best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority
given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company
or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and
in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the
Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have
been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after
reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an
opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that,
in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct
described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars
thereof in detail.

      (c) Good Reason. The Executive's employment may be terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall
mean:

            (i) the Executive is not elected to, or is removed from, any elected
      office of the Company which the Executive held immediately prior to the
      Effective Date;

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

            (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in
      any respect with the Executive's position, authority, duties or
      responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) hereof, or any other
      action by the Company which results in a diminution in such position,
      authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an
      isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and
      which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof
      given by the Executive;

            (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
      provisions of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and
      inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by
      the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the
      Executive;

            (iv) the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on Company
      business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior
      to the Effective Date; or

            (v) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's
      employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

      (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by
the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to
the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 12(b) hereof. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice
which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination
(as defined below) is other than the date of delivery of such notice, specifies
the termination date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the
delivery of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set
forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to
a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or
the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company,
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

      (e) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" means (i) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the
Executive for Good Reason, the date of delivery of the Notice of Termination or
any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the
Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the
Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated
by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of
death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be, and
(iv) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Executive without Good
Reason, the last day of employment of the Executive with the Company.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      Section 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

      (a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability. If, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's employment other
than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate her employment for
Good Reason:

            (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash
      within 30 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of the
      following amounts:

                  A. the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through
            the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, plus (2)
            the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus and
            (II) the Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or
            portion thereof which has been earned but deferred (and annualized
            for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or
            during which the Executive was employed for less than twelve full
            months), for the most recently completed fiscal year during the
            Employment Period, if any (such higher amount being hereinafter
            referred to as the "Highest Annual Bonus") multiplied by (y) a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
            current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the
            denominator of which is 365 plus (3) any compensation previously
            deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or
            earnings thereon) and any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the
            extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in
            clauses (1), (2) and (3) are hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued
            Obligations"); and

                  B. the amount equal to the product of (1) two multiplied by
            (2) the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary plus (y) the
            Highest Annual Bonus;

            (ii) during the two years following the Date of Termination, the
      Company shall continue to provide medical insurance benefits to the
      Executive and/or the Executive's family at least equal to those which
      would have been provided to them in accordance with the medical insurance
      benefits described in Section 4(b)(iv) hereof if the Executive's
      employment had not been terminated; provided, however, that if the
      Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to
      receive medical insurance benefits under another employer-provided plan,
      the medical insurance benefits described herein shall be secondary to
      those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of
      eligibility;

            (iii) for a period of up to two (2) years after the Date of
      Termination, the Company shall provide outplacement services to the
      Executive for the purpose of assisting the Executive seek new employment
      at a cost to the Company not to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the
      Executive's Annual Base Salary, payable directly to an outplacement
      service provider; provided, however, that the Company shall have no
      further obligations to pay for any such outplacement services once the
      Executive has accepted employment with any third party;

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

            (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any stock
      option plans pursuant to which the Executive has been granted any stock
      options or other rights to acquire securities of the Company or its
      Affiliates (the "Plans"), any option or right granted to the Executive
      under any of the Plans shall be exercisable by the Executive until the
      earlier of (x) the date on which the option or right terminates in
      accordance with the terms of its grant, or (y) the expiration of twelve
      (12) months after the Date of Termination;

            (v) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company
      shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits
      required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to
      receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or
      agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts
      and benefits shall hereinafter be referred to collectively as the "Other
      Benefits"); and

            (vi) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any
      employment agreement, benefit plan or other document, in the event the
      Executive's employment shall be terminated during the Employment Period by
      the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than for Cause or
      Disability, on and after the Date of Termination the Executive shall not
      be bound or prejudiced by any non-competition agreement benefitting the
      Company or its subsidiaries.

      (b) Death. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the
Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations by the Company to the Executive's legal
representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued
Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued
Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination.
With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include, without limitation, and the
Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits
at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and
affiliated companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the
Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and
policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other
peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (c) Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of
the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations by the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the
Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. With
respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(c) shall include, and the Executive shall be entitled
after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits at
least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the Company and
its affiliated companies to disabled executives and/or their families in
accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other
peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Executive's employment shall
be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive (x) her Annual Base Salary through the Date of
Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the
Executive, and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore
unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates her employment during the
Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations of the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be
paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of
Termination and the Company shall timely pay or provide the Other Benefits to
the Executive. In no event shall the Executive be liable to the Company for any
damages caused by such voluntary termination by the Executive nor shall the
Executive be in any way restricted from being employed by any other party after
such voluntary termination.

      Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 12(f)
hereof, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the
Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or
program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its
affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement, except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

      Section 8. Full Settlement. The Company's obligation to make the payments
provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the
Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts
shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. The
Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all
legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of
any contest by the Company, the Executive or others in which the Executive is
the prevailing party and which involves or relates to the validity or
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by the
Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in
each case interest on any delayed payment from the due date thereof until paid
at the prime rate from time to time reported in The Wall Street Journal during
said period.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

      Section 9. Certain Additional Payments by the Company. (a) Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company
to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but
determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section
9) (hereinafter referred to collectively as a "Payment") would be subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are
incurred by the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax,
together with any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively
referred to as the "Excise Tax"), then the Executive shall be entitled to
receive an additional payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that,
after payment by the Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties
imposed with respect to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income
taxes (and any interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise
Tax imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the
Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments.

      (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c) hereof, all determinations
required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up
Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions
to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by Ernst & Young
LLP or such other independent certified public accounting firm as may be
designated by the Executive (hereinafter referred to as the "Accounting Firm")
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the
Executive within 15 business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive
that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the
Company. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or
auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the
Executive shall appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make
the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be
referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as
determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to the
Executive within five days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's
determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon
the Company and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the application
of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the
Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which will not
have been made by the Company should have been made (hereinafter referred to as
the "Underpayment") consistent with the calculations required to be made
hereunder. In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to
Section 9(c) hereof and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment
of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the
Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid
by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive.

      (c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the
Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive is informed
in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such
claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

            (i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the
      Company relating to such claim,

            (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as
      the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
      including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
      to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

            (iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively
      to contest such claim, and

            (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating
      to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct
the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or to contest the
claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such
contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of
initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall
determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs the Executive to pay
such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the amount of such
payment to the Executive, on an interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold
the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax
(including interest or penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to
such advance or with respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance.
The Company's control of any such contest shall be limited to issues with
respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive
shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue
raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

      (d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the
Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, the Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to
the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 9(c) hereof) promptly
pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof,

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund
with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in
writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration
of 30 days after such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and
shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset,
to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

      Section 10. Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a
fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential
information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated
companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by
the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other
than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation
of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive's employment with the
Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or
divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company
and those designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the
provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding
any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement or
any termination of the employment of the Executive with the Company.

      Section 11. Successors. (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive
and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by
the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
Executive's legal representatives.

      (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Company and its successors and assigns.

      (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this
Agreement, the term "Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and
any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and
agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.

      Section 12. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without
reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto
or their respective successors and legal representatives.

      (b) Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which
may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been properly given when delivered personally at the
address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at
such address, when sent by facsimile or other electronic

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

transmission to the respective facsimile transmission numbers of the parties set
forth below with telephone confirmation of receipt, or when sent by recognized
overnight courier or by the United States registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

            If to the Company:

            Littelfuse, Inc.
            800 E. Northwest Highway
            Des Plaines, Illinois  60016
            Attention:  President (unless the Executive is
                            the President, in which case the
                            communication should be to the
                            attention of all of the Directors
                            of the Company other than the
                            Executive)
            Facsimile: (847) 824-3864
            Confirm:   (847) 391-0304

            If to the Executive:

            Elizabeth Calhoun
            777 Forest Avenue
            Glen Ellyn, IL  60137
            Facsimile:_____________
            Confirm: ______________

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of
such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to
time designate by written notice to the other party hereto. Each notice,
request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed given and received for all purposes of this
Agreement as of two business days after the date of deposit thereof for mailing
in a duly constituted United States post office or branch thereof, one business
day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon
confirmation of receipt of any facsimile transmission. Notice given to a party
hereto by any other method shall only be deemed to be given and received when
actually received in writing by such party.

      (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement.

      (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement
such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

      (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict
compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to promptly
assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including,
without limitation, the right of the Executive to

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) hereof,
shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other
provision or right of this Agreement.

      (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may
otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is "at will"
and, subject to Section 1(a) hereof and/or any other written agreement between
the Executive and the Company, prior to the Effective Date the Executive's
employment and/or this Agreement may be terminated by either the Executive or
the Company at any time prior to the Effective Date upon written notice to the
other party, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this
Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any
other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

      (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Change of
Control Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written.


                                          /s/ Elizabeth Calhoun
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Elizabeth Calhoun

                                          LITTELFUSE, INC.

                                          By      /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Its  President
                                                --------------------------------
                                      -15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SPECIMEN PERFORMANCE SHARES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.23

                                    SPECIMEN
                          PERFORMANCE SHARES AGREEMENT

      THIS PERFORMANCE SHARES AGREEMENT is entered into as of _____________,
______, between ____________ (the "Recipient") and LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Corporation"), with reference to the following facts:

      A. Pursuant to the 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of
Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Plan"), the Corporation is authorized to grant awards of
rights ("Restricted Units") to acquire shares of its Common Stock, $.01 par
value (the "Common Stock"), on a restricted basis as provided in the Plan to
officers, directors and employees of the Corporation or any Subsidiary as a
reward for past performance or as an incentive for future performance.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the same
respective meanings as those terms have under the Plan.

      B. The Corporation desires to grant Restricted Units to the Recipient.

      NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the foregoing facts and other good and
valuable consideration, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

            1. Grant of Restricted Units. The Corporation hereby grants to the
      Recipient Restricted Units entitling the Recipient to acquire up to
      ________ shares of the Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as the
      "Maximum Restricted Shares Amount"), subject in all respects to the
      provisions of the Plan and the terms and conditions set forth herein.

            2. Number of Restricted Shares Deemed Earned. (a) The number of
      shares of the Common Stock which the Recipient shall be entitled to be
      issued or paid for in cash pursuant to this Agreement shall be determined
      pursuant to the following formula (hereinafter said shares shall be
      referred to as the "Restricted Shares" and said number of shares resulting
      from said formula shall be referred to as the "Earned Restricted Shares
      Amount"):

                  (i) The Recipient shall be deemed to have earned no Restricted
            Shares in the event that EBITDA Growth is less than ___% or Average
            RONTA is less than ___%.

                  (ii) The Recipient shall be deemed to have earned ___% of the
            Maximum Restricted Shares Amount if EBITDA Growth is equal to or
            greater than ___% but less than ___%, and Average RONTA is equal to
            or greater than ___% but less than ___%. For each full percentage
            point above the EBITDA Growth minimum of ___%, the recipient will
            earn an incremental ___% of the Maximum Restricted Shares Amount, up
            to a maximum of an additional ___% of the Maximum Restricted Shares
            Amount. Additionally, for each full percentage point above the
            Average RONTA minimum of ___%, the recipient will earn an

<PAGE>

            incremental ___% of the Maximum Restricted Shares Amount up to a
            maximum of an additional ___% of the Maximum Restricted Shares
            Amount. Therefore, the Maximum Restricted Shares Amount is earned
            only when EBITDA Growth is greater than ___% and Average RONTA is
            greater than ___%. The chart attached hereto as Exhibit A
            illustrates the application of the foregoing formula.

            (b) As used herein, the term "EBITDA" shall mean the consolidated
      net income of the Corporation for each of the _____, _____ and _____
      fiscal years of the Corporation (hereinafter said three (3) year period is
      referred to as the "Performance Period"); provided, however, that in
      calculating said consolidated net income, no deductions shall be made for
      any interest, taxes, depreciation or amortization.

            (c) As used herein, the term "EBITDA Growth" shall mean the compound
      annual growth rate in EBITDA from fiscal year _____ through fiscal year
      _____ defined mathematically as follows (but expressed as a percentage):

                  EBITDA Growth = (fiscal year _____ EBITDA / fiscal year _____
                  EBITDA)1/3 - 1

            (d) As used herein, the term "RONTA" shall mean the percentage
      return on net tangible assets for the Corporation for each of the fiscal
      years of the Corporation during the Performance Period, calculated for
      each such fiscal year by dividing the consolidated net income of the
      Corporation for such fiscal year by the average of the amounts of (x) the
      total assets minus the total intangible assets minus the total current
      liabilities of the Corporation at the beginning of such fiscal year and
      (y) the total assets minus the total intangible assets minus the total
      current liabilities of the Corporation at the end of such fiscal year;
      provided, however, that current liabilities shall not include the current
      portion of long term debt for purposes of this calculation.

            (e) As used herein, the term "Average RONTA" shall mean the average
      RONTA for each of the three fiscal years of the Corporation during the
      Performance Period.

            (f) To the extent applicable, all calculations of EBITDA and RONTA,
      and the components thereof, shall be made in accordance with generally
      accepted accounting principles consistently applied.

            (g) In the event that the Corporation shall amend its financial
      statements for any of its fiscal years _____, _____ or _____ at any time
      after _____________, _____, and before _____________, _____, so that any
      of the items used to calculate EBITDA or RONTA for any of those fiscal
      years are materially changed, the Committee, in its discretion, may make
      appropriate adjustments to the number of Restricted Shares deemed earned
      pursuant to Section 2 hereof.

            (h) In the event that the Corporation or any Subsidiary shall be a
      party to any merger or consolidation or acquisition of assets, shall sell
      all or substantially all of its

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

      assets or enter into any other transaction which, in the good faith
      opinion of the Committee, will have a material effect (either positive or
      negative) on EBITDA or RONTA during the Performance Period or the ability
      of the Recipient to obtain the economic benefit contemplated by this
      Agreement, the Committee shall appropriately and reasonably adjust the
      formula contained in Section 2(a) to provide the Recipient with
      substantially the same opportunity to obtain substantially the same
      economic benefit that the Recipient would have if said transaction had not
      been entered into, said adjustment to be evidenced in a writing delivered
      by the Corporation to the Recipient.

            (i) In the event that at anytime from and after the date hereof to
      and including _____________, _____, there shall occur any changes in the
      outstanding Common Stock by reason of stock dividends, split-ups,
      recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, combinations, exchanges of
      shares, separations, reorganizations, liquidations and the like, the
      Committee shall appropriately and reasonably adjust the Maximum Restricted
      Shares Amount, the Earned Restricted Shares Amount, the number of any
      earned but unissued Restricted Shares and/or the amount of any earned but
      unpaid Restricted Payments.

            3. Issuance of Restricted Shares. In the event that the Recipient is
      deemed to have earned any Restricted Shares pursuant to the provisions of
      Section 2 hereof, a certificate or certificates representing that number
      of shares of the Common Stock which is equal to one-half (1/2) of the
      Earned Restricted Shares Amount shall be issued in the Recipient's name as
      of _____________, _____, and as soon as reasonably practical after the
      delivery by the Recipient to the Corporation of a stock power signed in
      blank by the Recipient with respect to such Restricted Shares and in a
      form which is acceptable to the Corporation which may be used by the
      Corporation to cancel such Restricted Shares in accordance with the
      provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. Upon issuance of the
      certificate or certificates for such Restricted Shares, the Recipient
      shall be a stockholder with respect to such Restricted Shares and shall
      have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such Restricted
      Shares, including but not limited to, the right to vote such Restricted
      Shares and to receive dividends and other distributions paid with respect
      to such Restricted Shares. The certificate or certificates representing
      such Restricted Shares, together with the executed stock power, shall be
      held in custody by the Corporation or an agent therefor pursuant to the
      provisions of the Plan for the account of the Recipient.

            4. Payment of Cash in Lieu of Issuance of Restricted Shares. In the
      event that the Recipient is deemed to have earned any Restricted Shares
      pursuant to the provisions of Section 2 hereof, the Corporation shall pay
      to the Recipient on each of _____________, _____, _____ and _____ an
      amount in cash (in lieu of the issuance of Restricted Shares) equal to the
      product of (i) one-sixth (1/6th) of the Earned Restricted Shares Amount
      multiplied by (ii) the Market Price of the Common Stock on such date
      (hereinafter referred to as a "Restricted Payment"). As used herein, the
      term "Market Price" shall mean (x) if the Common Stock is Duly Listed, the
      closing price of the Common Stock on the date in question as reported on
      either a national securities exchange or on The Nasdaq Stock Market or, if
      there were no sales on that date, on the next preceding day on which there
      were sales or (y) if the Common Stock is not Duly

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

      Listed, the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date in question
      as determined by the Committee in good faith.

            5. Restrictions. The Restricted Units awarded pursuant to this
      Agreement and any Restricted Shares or Restricted Payments which may be
      deemed to be earned or owing with respect thereto shall be subject to the
      following terms and conditions (the "Restrictions"):

                  (i) the Recipient shall not be entitled to delivery of a
            certificate representing the Restricted Shares until the
            Restrictions pertaining thereto shall be terminated pursuant to
            either Sections 6 or 7 hereof;

                  (ii) none of the Restricted Units may be sold, transferred,
            assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of;

                  (iii) none of the Restricted Shares may be sold, transferred,
            assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until the
            Restrictions pertaining thereto shall be terminated pursuant to
            either Sections 6 or 7 hereof;

                  (iv) all of the Restricted Units shall be forfeited and
            cancelled and all rights of the Recipient to such Restricted Units
            and any Restricted Shares or Restricted Payments which may be deemed
            to be earned or owing with respect thereto shall terminate without
            further obligation on the part of the Corporation in the event that
            the Recipient ceases to be an Employee for any reason prior to
            _____________, _____, for any reason;

                  (v) all of the Restricted Shares which are issued pursuant to
            Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited and cancelled and the Recipient
            shall have no further rights whatsoever with respect thereto in the
            event the Recipient ceases to be an Employee prior to _____________,
            _____, for any reason other than a reason set forth in Section 7
            hereof;

                  (vi) two-thirds (2/3rds) of any Restricted Shares which are
            issued pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited and cancelled
            and the Recipient shall have no further rights whatsoever with
            respect thereto in the event the Recipient ceases to be an Employee
            prior to _____________, _____, for any reason other than a reason
            described in Section 7 hereof;

                  (vii) one-third (1/3rd) of any Restricted Shares which are
            issued pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited and cancelled
            and the Recipient shall have no further rights whatsoever with
            respect thereto in the event the Recipient ceases to be an Employee
            prior to _____________, _____, for any reason other than a reason
            described in Section 7 hereof;

                  (viii) any right of the Recipient to receive any Restricted
            Payments pursuant to Section 4 hereof shall be forfeited and
            cancelled and the Recipient

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

            shall have no further rights whatsoever with respect thereto in the
            event the Recipient ceases to be an Employee prior to the applicable
            payment date for such Restricted Payment for any reason other than a
            reason described in Section 7 hereof.

            6. Vesting of Restricted Shares. The Restrictions respecting the
      Restricted Shares issued pursuant to Section 3 hereof which have not
      theretofore been forfeited and cancelled pursuant to Section 5 hereof
      shall terminate with respect to one-third (1/3rd) of such Restricted
      Shares on each of _____________, _____, _____________, _____ and
      _____________, _____.

            7. Termination of Restrictions upon Certain Events. The Restrictions
      shall terminate with respect to all of the Restricted Shares and the
      Restricted Payments which have not theretofore been forfeited and
      cancelled pursuant to Section 5 hereof upon the first to occur of the
      following events:

                  (i) the death of the Recipient;

                  (ii) the Total Disability of the Recipient;

                  (iii) the termination of the employment of the Recipient
            pursuant to an Eligible Retirement; or

                  (iv) the occurrence of a Change in Control.

            8. Issuance of Stock Certificate for Vested Restricted Shares. Upon
      the termination of the Restrictions respecting any Restricted Shares
      pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Corporation shall promptly cause a stock
      certificate representing such Restricted Shares to be delivered to the
      Recipient, free and clear of all Restrictions.

            9. Accelerated Delivery of Stock Certificate and Payment of
      Restricted Payments. Upon the termination of the Restrictions respecting
      any Restricted Shares pursuant to Section 7 hereof, the Corporation shall
      promptly cause a stock certificate representing such Restricted Shares to
      be delivered to the Recipient, free and clear of all Restrictions, and
      shall promptly pay in cash an amount equal to the product of (i) 1/2 (if
      such termination occurs on or prior to _____________, _____), 1/3 (if such
      termination occurs after _____________, _____ and on or prior to
      _____________, _____) or 1/6 (if such termination occurs after
      _____________, _____) of the Earned Restricted Shares Amount multiplied by
      (ii) the Market Price of the Common Stock on the date of such termination.

            10. Compliance with Law. No Restricted Shares shall be issued
      pursuant to this Agreement unless said issuance is in compliance with
      applicable federal and state tax and securities laws.

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

                  10.1. Certificate Legends. The certificates for Restricted
            Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall bear any legends
            deemed necessary or appropriate by the Corporation.

                  10.2. Representations of the Recipient. At the request of the
            Corporation, the Recipient will deliver to the Corporation such
            signed representations as may be necessary, in the opinion of
            counsel satisfactory to the Corporation, for compliance with
            applicable federal and state securities laws.

                  10.3. Resale. In addition to the restrictions contained in the
            Plan, the Recipient's ability to transfer Restricted Shares issued
            pursuant to this Agreement or securities acquired in lieu thereof or
            in exchange therefor may be restricted under federal or state
            securities laws. The Recipient shall not resell or offer for resale
            such Restricted Shares or securities unless they have been
            registered or qualified for resale under all applicable federal and
            state securities laws or an exemption from such registration or
            qualification is available in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to
            the Corporation.

            11. Notice. Every notice or other communication relating to this
      Agreement shall be in writing and shall be mailed or delivered to the
      party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be
      designated by such party in a notice mailed or delivered to the other
      party as herein provided; provided, however, that unless and until some
      other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the
      Recipient to the Corporation shall be mailed or delivered to the
      Corporation to the attention of its Secretary at 800 E. Northwest Highway,
      Des Plaines, Illinois 60016, and all notices or communications by the
      Corporation to the Recipient may be given to the Recipient personally or
      may be mailed to the Recipient at the most recent address which the
      Recipient has provided in writing to the Corporation.

            12. Tax Treatment. The Recipient acknowledges that the tax treatment
      respecting the Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement or any
      events or transactions with respect thereto may be dependent upon various
      factors or events which are not determined by the Plan or this Agreement.
      The Corporation makes no representations to the Recipient with respect to
      and hereby disclaims all responsibility as to such tax treatment.

            13. Withholding Taxes. The Corporation shall have the right to
      deduct from the amount of any Restricted Payment an amount sufficient to
      satisfy any federal, state or local withholding tax requirement. The
      Corporation shall have the right to require the Recipient to remit to the
      Corporation an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state or local
      withholding tax requirement prior to the issuance or delivery of any
      Restricted Shares to the Recipient. The Corporation will notify the
      Recipient of the amount of the withholding tax which must be paid under
      federal and, where applicable, state and local law. Upon receipt of such
      notice, the Recipient shall promptly remit to the Corporation the amount
      specified in such notice. No amounts of income received by the Recipient
      pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered compensation for purposes
      of any pension

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

      or retirement plan, insurance plan or any other employee benefit plan of
      the Corporation or any subsidiary.

            14. Effect on SERP. The Corporation and the Recipient agree that
      neither the value of any shares of Common Stock issued, nor the amount of
      any cash paid, to the Recipient pursuant to this Agreement shall be
      included in the definition of "Compensation" under the Littelfuse, Inc.
      Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.

            15. Change in Control. The Corporation and the Recipient agree that
      Oaktree Capital Management, LLC and its affiliates shall be deemed to be
      exempt from the provisions of subparagraph (d) of the definition of
      "Change in Control" under the Plan.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and the Recipient have executed this
Performance Shares Agreement effective as of the date first set forth above.

LITTELFUSE, INC.                               RECIPIENT:

By_________________________________            ____________________________
Its________________________________

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

<TABLE>
<S>        <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
           over ___%               ___%            ___%            ___%            ___%       ___%
           >or=__<or=__%           ___%            ___%            ___%            ___%       ___%
EBITDA     >or=__<or=__%           ___%            ___%            ___%            ___%       ___%
GROWTH     >or=__<or=__%           ___%            ___%            ___%            ___%       ___%
           >or=__<or=__%           ___%            ___%            ___%            ___%       ___%
                          >or=__<or=__%   >or=__<or=__%   >or=__<or=__%   >or=__<or=__%   over___%
</TABLE>

                                  AVERAGE RONTA
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.24
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w24.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SPECIMEN NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.24

                                    SPECIMEN

                      NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

      THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT is entered into as of
_________________, between _____________________ (the "Optionee") and
LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation"), with reference to
the following facts:

      A. Pursuant to Section 4(e) of the 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and
Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Plan"), all persons who are "Eligible
Directors," as such term is defined under the Plan, on the date of the first
meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation following each annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, are entitled to an automatic
grant of an option to purchase certain shares of the common stock, $.01 par
value, of the Corporation (the "Common Stock").

      B. The Optionee was an "Eligible Director," as such term is defined under
the Plan, as of _________________, the date of the first meeting of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation following the _______ annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation, and, therefore, is entitled to said automatic
grant.

      NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the foregoing facts, the Corporation
hereby grants the following options:

            1. Grant of Option. The Corporation hereby grants to the Optionee an
      irrevocable option to purchase up to 5,000 shares of Common Stock of the
      Corporation at the price of $ _____________ per share. The number and kind
      of shares subject to this option and the purchase price per share are
      subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan. This option shall expire on
      the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date hereof unless
      earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.

            2. Exercise of Option. Subject to the terms of the Plan, this option
      may be exercised as follows: with respect to twenty percent (20%) of the
      Common Stock covered hereby during the nine (9) year period commencing one
      (1) year following the date of grant; with respect to an additional twenty
      percent (20%) of the Common Stock covered hereby during the eight (8) year
      period commencing two (2) years following the date of grant; with respect
      to an additional twenty percent (20%) of the Common Stock covered hereby
      during the seven (7) year period commencing three (3) years following the
      date of grant; with respect to an additional twenty percent (20%) of the
      Common Stock covered hereby during the six (6) year period commencing four
      (4) years following the date of grant; and with respect to the remaining
      twenty percent (20%) of the Common

<PAGE>

      Stock covered hereby during the five (5) year period commencing five (5)
      years following the date of grant. Optionee hereby waives any longer
      exercise period to which Optionee may be entitled pursuant to Section 4(e)
      of the Plan. This option shall be exercised by delivery of written notice
      to the Corporation stating the number of shares with respect to which the
      option is being exercised, together with full payment of the purchase
      price therefor. Payment may be made in cash or in such other form or
      combination of forms permitted by the Plan as shall be acceptable to the
      Committee.

            3. Reserved Shares. The Corporation has duly reserved for issuance a
      number of authorized but unissued shares adequate to fulfill its
      obligations under this Agreement. During the term of this Agreement the
      Corporation shall take such action as may be necessary to maintain at all
      times an adequate number of shares reserved for issuance or treasury
      shares to fulfill its obligations hereunder.

            4. Termination of Service as Director. In the event that the
      Optionee ceases to serve as a director of the Corporation for any reason
      other than as set forth in paragraph 12 of the Plan, this option may,
      subject to the provisions of the Plan, be exercised (but only to the
      extent that the Optionee was entitled to do so at the time of such
      cessation of service as a director) at any time within three (3) months
      after such cessation of service as a director, but in no case later than
      the date on which this option was originally scheduled to expire. Any
      portion of this option which was not exercisable by the Optionee at the
      time of any such cessation of service shall be cancelled and forfeited and
      the Optionee shall not have any further rights whatsoever with respect
      thereto.

            5. Assignment or Transfer. This option may not be assigned or
      transferred except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, and
      by gift pursuant to the provisions of Section 9c of the Plan, and shall be
      exercisable only by the Optionee during the Optionee's lifetime.

            6. Plan and Committee. The construction of the terms of this
      Agreement shall be controlled by the Plan, a copy of which is attached
      hereto as Exhibit A and hereby made a part hereof as though set forth
      herein verbatim, and the rights of the Optionee are subject to
      modification and termination in certain events as provided in the Plan.
      All words and phrases not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
      provided in the Plan. The Committee's interpretations of and
      determinations under any of the provisions of the Plan or this Agreement
      shall be conclusive.

            7. Compliance with Law. This option shall not be exercised and no
      shares shall be issued in respect hereof, unless in compliance with
      applicable federal and state tax and securities laws.

                  7.1. Certificate Legends. The certificates for shares
            purchased pursuant to this option shall bear any legends deemed
            necessary by the Committee.

                  7.2. Representations of the Optionee. As a condition to the
            exercise of this option, the Optionee will deliver to the
            Corporation such signed

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

            representations as may be necessary, in the opinion of counsel
            satisfactory to the Corporation, for compliance with applicable
            federal and state securities laws.

                  7.3. Resale. The Optionee's ability to transfer shares
            purchased pursuant to this option or securities acquired in lieu
            thereof or in exchange therefor may be restricted under federal or
            state securities laws. The Optionee shall not resell or offer for
            resale such shares or securities unless they have been registered or
            qualified for resale under all applicable federal and state
            securities laws or an exemption from such registration or
            qualification is available in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to
            the Corporation.

            8. Notice. Every notice or other communication relating to this
      Agreement shall be in writing and shall be mailed or delivered to the
      party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be
      designated by such party in a notice mailed or delivered to the other
      party as herein provided; provided, however, that unless and until some
      other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the
      Optionee to the Corporation shall be mailed or delivered to the
      Corporation to the attention of its Secretary at 800 East Northwest
      Highway, Des Plaines, Illinois 60016, and all notices or communications by
      the Corporation to the Optionee may be given to the Optionee personally or
      may be mailed to the Optionee at the most recent address which the
      Optionee has provided in writing to the Corporation.

            9. Tax Treatment. This option is a non-qualified option and shall
      not be treated as an incentive stock option pursuant to Section 422 of the
      Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Optionee acknowledges that
      the tax treatment of this option, shares subject to this option or any
      events or transactions with respect thereto may be dependent upon various
      factors or events which are not determined by the Plan or this Agreement.
      The Corporation makes no representations with respect to and hereby
      disclaims all responsibility as to such tax treatment.

            10. Withholding Taxes. The Corporation shall have the right to
      require the Optionee to remit to the Corporation an amount sufficient to
      satisfy any federal, state or local withholding tax requirement prior to
      the delivery of any shares of Common Stock acquired by the exercise of the
      option granted hereunder. In each case of the exercise of the option, the
      Corporation will notify the Optionee of the amount of the withholding tax
      which must be paid under federal and, where applicable, state and local
      law. Upon receipt of such notice, the Optionee shall promptly remit to the
      Corporation the amount specified in such notice. No amounts of income
      received by the Optionee pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered
      compensation for purposes of any pension or retirement plan, insurance
      plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any
      Subsidiary.

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and the Optionee have executed this
Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement effective as of the date first set forth
above.

LITTELFUSE, INC.                               Optionee:

By_________________________________            _______________________________
Its________________________________

                                      -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.25
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w25.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUMMARY OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.25

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
                    SUMMARY OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION

      The compensation of executive officers of Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company")
primarily consists of three variable components: base salary, a potential cash
bonus under the Company's annual incentive compensation program, and stock
options or other awards under the 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of
the Company (the "Stock Plan").

SALARIES

      The base salaries for Mr. Gordon Hunter, who assumed the offices of
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer as of January 1,
2005, and each of the other executive officers named below are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name and Principal Positions                Base Salary
- -------------------------------------       -----------
<S>                                         <C>
Gordon Hunter, Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer       $   450,000

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President,         $   285,000
Operations Support and Chief
Financial Officer

David R. Samyn, Vice President and          $   240,000
General Manager of the Automotive
Business Unit

Elizabeth C. Calhoun, Vice President,       $   210,000
Human Resources

Kenneth R. Audino, Vice President,
Organizational Development and              $   190,000
Total Quality Management
</TABLE>

ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM

<PAGE>

      The target amounts, financial objectives and individual performance
objectives under the annual incentive compensation program have not yet been,
but are expected to be, established for 2005.

OTHER BENEFITS

      Each of the officers named above is eligible to participate in the
Company's employee benefit plans applicable to executive officers, including the
Stock Plan, the Company's Retirement Plan, as amended, the 401(k) Savings Plan,
and the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, in accordance with the terms and
conditions of such plans. These officers also are parties to Change of Control
Employment Agreements that, among other things, entitle them to payments upon
severance or upon a change of control of the Company.

      These officers also receive certain personal benefits from the Company,
the value of which is less than $50,000 for each of such officers.

WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND

      Each of the plans and agreements mentioned herein and the forms of awards
thereunder are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended January 1, 2005 (the "Form 10-K"). These plans and agreements
will be discussed further in the Company's Proxy Statement relating to the 2005
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be incorporated by reference into
this Form 10-K when filed.

                                       2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.26
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c93143exv10w26.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.26

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
                        SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

      For 2005, directors who are not employees of Littelfuse, Inc. (the
"Company") are paid an annual director's fee of $40,000, $1,500 for each of the
regularly scheduled Board meetings attended and $1,000 for attendance at any
special teleconference Board or Committee meetings, plus reimbursement of
reasonable expenses relating to attendance at meetings. The Lead Director is
paid an additional $7,500 annually, the Chairman of the Audit Committee is paid
an additional $10,000 annually and the Chairman of the Compensation Committee is
paid an additional $5,000 annually. No fees are paid to directors who are also
full-time employees of the Company.

      Under the Littelfuse Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors
(the "Non-employee Directors Plan"), a non-employee director, at his election,
may defer receipt of his director's fees. Such deferred fees are used to
purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock, and such shares and any
distributions thereon are deposited with a third party trustee for the benefit
of the director until the director ceases to be a director of the Company.

      The 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (the
"Stock Plan") provides for a grant at each annual meeting of the Board of
Directors to each non-employee director of non-qualified stock options to
purchase 5,000 shares of Common Stock at the fair market value on the date of
grant.

      The Non-employee Directors Plan and the Stock Plan and the forms of awards
thereunder are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended January 1, 2005 (the "Form 10-K"). These plans and agreements
will be discussed further in the Company's Proxy Statement relating to the 2005
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be incorporated by reference into
this Form 10-K when filed.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c93143exv13w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 13.1



Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operation

The following discussion provides an analysis of the information contained in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes beginning on page
__ for the three fiscal years ended January 1, 2005, January 3, 2004, and
December 28, 2002, respectively.

Results of Operations -- 2004 Compared with 2003

Sales increased 47% to $500.2 million in 2004 from $339.4 million in 2003. The
increase in sales was primarily in the Americas and Asia, driven by increased
demand for electronic products in the Asia region, sales from the Heinrich
Industrie, AG ("Heinrich") acquisition through May 2004 through the end of the
year and a full year of the Teccor Electronics, Inc. ("Teccor") acquisition.
Electronic sales increased $119.1 million or 58% to $325.6 million in 2004
compared to $206.5 million in 2003. Excluding sales of Heinrich products,
electronic sales increased $92.8 million or 45% to $299.3 million in 2004
compared to $206.5 million in 2003, primarily due to increased demand in Asia
and a full year of the Teccor acquisition. Automotive sales increased $16.4
million or 17% to $114.7 million in 2004 compared to $98.3 million in 2003
largely due to sales from Heinrich in 2004. Automotive sales excluding Heinrich
increased $5.0 million or 5% to $103.3 million in 2004 compared to $98.3 million
in 2003. Electrical sales increased $25.3 million or 73% to $59.9 million in
2004 compared to $34.6 million in 2003 largely due to Heinrich sales in 2004.
Electrical sales, excluding Heinrich, increased $2.9 million or 8% to $37.5
million in 2004 compared to $34.6 million in 2003, primarily due to modest
improvements in commercial construction and industrial activity in the North
American market. International sales increased 59% to $302.2 million or 60% of
net sales in 2004 from $189.6 million or 56% of net sales in 2003. The increase
in international sales was primarily due to strong demand for electronic
products in Asia, the addition of Heinrich, a full year of Teccor and favorable
currency effects, which contributed four percentage points to the overall sales
growth.

Gross profit was $179.0 million or 35.8% of sales in 2004 compared to $104.4
million or 30.8% of sales in 2003. The gross profit margin increase resulted
from cost savings initiatives in manufacturing and purchasing, fixed expense
leverage due to increased plant throughput and the recognition of $3.2 million
of Ireland restructuring charges in 2003.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $31.2 million to $99.8
million in 2004 from $68.6 million in 2003, primarily due to the addition of
Heinrich, a full year of Teccor, increased costs related to complying with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and higher selling related costs due to the increase in
sales. As a percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased to 19.9% in 2004 from 20.2% in 2003, primarily due to increased
expense leverage on the higher sales base. Research and development costs
increased $8.8 million to $17.5 million, representing 3.5% of sales in 2004 as
compared to 2.6% of sales in 2003 reflecting increased investment in new product
development. Impairment of investments reflects the recognition of a non
tax-deductible charge of $2.2 million to impair a portion of the Semitron
investment acquired in 2002. Total operating expenses, including intangible
amortization and impairment of investments, was 24.4% of sales in 2004, compared
to 23.1% of sales in 2003. Total operating expenses, including intangible
amortization but excluding impairment of investments, was 23.9% of sales in
2004, compared to 23.1% of sales in 2003.

Operating income in 2004 increased 118.5% to $57.0 million or 11.4% of sales
compared to $26.1 million or 7.7% of sales in the prior year. The improvements
in operating income and operating margin were primarily due to higher sales and
the associated operating leverage partially offset by the impairment of a
portion of the Semitron investment acquired in 2002.

Interest expense was $1.5 million in 2004 compared to $2.0 million in 2003 due
to a lower weighted average interest rate in 2004. Other expense, net,
consisting of interest income, royalties and foreign currency items was $0.1
million compared to other expense, net, of $0.1 million in the prior year.

Income before taxes and minority interest was $55.4 million in 2004 compared to
$24.0 million in 2003. Minority interest was $0.2 million in 2004 reflecting the
minority share ownership in Heinrich. Income tax expense was $19.2 million in
2004 compared to $8.6 million in the prior year. Net income in the current year
was $36.0 million, compared to $15.3 million in the prior year. The Company's
effective tax rate dropped from 36.0% in 2003 to 34.8% in 2004, reflecting the
reduction of reserves related to prior tax years and tax structuring related to
the Heinrich acquisition. Diluted earnings per share increased to $1.59 in 2004
compared to $0.70 in 2003. The increases in net income and earnings per share
reflect the higher 2004 sales, margins and a lower 2004 effective tax rate.

Results of Operations - 2003 Compared with 2002

Sales increased 20% to $339.4 million in 2003 from $283.3 million in 2002. The
increase in sales was primarily in the Americas and Asia, driven by increased
demand for electronic products in the Asia region and sales from the Teccor
acquisition. Electronic sales increased $55.6 million or 37% to $206.5 million
in 2003 compared to $150.9 million in 2002. Excluding sales of Teccor products,

<PAGE>

electronic sales increased $14.6 million or 10% to $165.5 million in 2003
compared to $150.9 million in 2002, primarily due to increased demand in Asia.
Automotive sales were essentially flat compared to the prior year as pricing
pressure offset increased volume and strengthening of the Euro against the U.S.
Dollar. Electrical sales increased $0.4 million or 1% to $34.6 million in 2003
compared to $34.2 million in 2002, primarily due to modest improvements in
commercial construction and industrial activity in the North American market.
International sales increased 24.6% to $189.6 million or 55.9% of net sales in
2003 from $152.2 million or 53.7% of net sales in 2002. The increase in
international sales was primarily due to strong demand for electronic products
in Asia, the addition of Teccor and favorable currency effects.

Gross profit was $104.4 million or 30.8% of sales in 2003 compared to $88.6
million or 31.3% of sales in 2002. The gross profit margin decreased as a result
of the addition of Teccor sales at lower margins than Littelfuse's base business
and the recognition of $3.1 million of Ireland restructuring charges in 2003.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $5.0 million to $68.6
million in 2003, from $63.6 million in 2002, primarily due to the addition of
Teccor. As a percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased to 20.2% in 2003 from 22.4% in 2002, primarily reflecting Teccor's
lower selling, general and administrative expense percentage than Littelfuse's
base business. Research and development costs increased $0.4 million to $8.7
million, representing 2.6% of sales in 2003 as compared to 2.9% of sales in
2002. Total operating expenses, including intangible amortization, was 23.1% of
sales in 2003, compared to 25.7% of sales in 2002.

Operating income in 2003 increased 64.0% to $26.1 million or 7.7% of sales
compared to $15.9 million or 5.6% of sales in the prior year. The improvement in
operating income and operating margin were primarily due to higher sales and the
associated operating leverage.

Interest expense was $2.0 million in 2003 compared to $2.7 million in 2002 due
to lower average debt levels in 2003. Other expense, net, consisting of gains
and losses on the disposal of assets, interest income, royalties and foreign
currency items was $0.1 million compared to other income, net, of $1.8 million
in the prior year. The primary reasons for the more favorable 2002 results were
gains on asset sales, higher interest income and more favorable currency
effects.

Income before taxes was $24.0 million in 2003 compared to $15.0 million in 2002.
Income tax expense was $8.6 million in 2003 compared to $5.4 million the prior
year. Net income in 2003 was $15.3 million, compared to $9.6 million in 2002.
The Company's effective tax rate was 36.0% in both 2003 and 2002. Diluted
earnings per share increased to $0.70 in 2003 compared to $0.44 in 2002.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company has historically financed capital expenditures through cash flows
from operations. Management expects that cash flows from operations and
available lines of credit will be sufficient to support both its operations and
its debt obligations for the foreseeable future.

The Company has a domestic unsecured revolving credit line of $50.0 million. The
revolving line of credit balance becomes due within the next year. At January 1,
2005, the Company had $17.5 million in borrowings against this credit line. The
Company's subsidiary in Japan also has an unsecured credit line of Yen 0.9
billion or an equivalent of $9.0 million. The revolving line of credit becomes
due within the next year. At January 1, 2005, the Company had an equivalent of
$5.4 million in borrowings against the Yen facility.  The Company intends to
renew these lines of credit upon maturity.

The Company's bank credit agreement requires maintenance of certain financial
ratios and a minimum net worth level. At January 1, 2005, the Company was in
compliance with these covenants. If the Company were to default on any of the
bank agreement debt covenants and were unable to obtain a waiver from the
lenders, the debt would be callable by the lenders. The Company believes that
default of any of the debt covenants is unlikely for the foreseeable future
since it expects the results of operations to be within the minimum levels to
continue to be in compliance with the debt covenants.

The Company started 2004 with $22.1 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $53.0 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities
included $22.0 million in net purchases of property, plant and equipment and
$41.7 million for the acquisition of Heinrich. Cash provided by financing
activities included net proceeds of long-term debt of $3.8 million and cash
proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $16.5 million partially offset by
the purchase of $5.6 million of treasury stock. The effect of exchange rate
changes increased cash by $2.5 million. The net cash provided by operations and
financing activities, less investing activities plus the effect of exchange
rates, resulted in a $6.5 million net increase in cash. This left the Company
with a cash balance of $28.6 million at the end of 2004.

Increases in net working capital consumed $15.1 million of cash flow in 2004.
Excluding the impact of working capital from the Heinrich acquisition, the major
factors contributing to higher working capital were an increase in accounts
receivable of $6.6 million, an increase in inventory of $4.3 million and a
decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $7.7 million partially
offset by a decrease in prepaid expenses and other of $3.5 million. The 2004
working capital increase was partly due to slower sales near the end of the
fiscal year 2004 and severance payments related to the Teccor acquisition. Net
working capital (working capital less cash, marketable securities and the
current portion of long-term debt) as a percent of sales was 19.7% at year-end
2004 compared to 18.3% at year-end 2003 and 20.9% at year-end 2002. The days
sales outstanding in accounts receivable increased to 57 days at year-end 2004
compared to 50 days at year-end 2003 and 54 days at year-end 2002. The increase
was partly due to the addition of Heinrich, which has a longer accounts
receivable collection cycle than the base Littelfuse business. Days inventory
outstanding was 90 days at year-end 2004 compared to 71 days at year-end 2003
and 88 days at year-end 2002.

The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 1.8 to 1 at year-end 2004
compared to 1.8 to 1 at year-end 2003 and 2.3 to 1 at year-end 2002. The ratio
of long-term debt to equity was 0.1 to 1 at year-end 2004 compared to 0.0 to 1
at year-end 2003 and 0.1 to 1 at year-end 2002.

<PAGE>

The Company started 2003 with $27.8 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $50.0 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities
included $14.0 million in purchases of property, plant and equipment, $44.6
million for the acquisition of Teccor and $8.8 million in net proceeds from the
sale of marketable securities. Cash used in financing activities included net
payments of long-term debt of $11.5 million partially offset by cash proceeds
from the exercise of stock options of $4.3 million. The effect of exchange rate
changes increased cash by $1.5 million. The net cash provided by operations and
financing activities, less investing activities plus the effect of exchange
rates, resulted in a $5.6 million net decrease in cash. This left the Company
with a cash balance of $22.1 million at the end of 2003.

Decreases in net working capital provided $20.1 million of cash flow in 2003.
The major factors contributing to lower working capital were a decrease in
inventory of $5.9 million, a $12.5 million increase in accounts payable and
accrued expenses and a $1.3 million reduction in prepaid and other items. Net
working capital (working capital less cash, marketable securities and the
current portion of long-term debt) as a percent of sales was 18.3% at year-end
2003 compared to 20.9% at year-end 2002 and 21.8% at year-end 2001. The days
sales outstanding in accounts receivable decreased to 50 days at year-end 2003
compared to 54 days at year-end 2002 and 61 days at year-end 2001. Days
inventory outstanding was 71 days at year-end 2003 compared to 88 days at
year-end 2002 and 99 days at year-end 2001.

The Company's net capital expenditures were $22.1 million in 2004, $14.0 million
in 2003 and $8.4 million in 2002. The Company expects that capital expenditures
in 2005 will be higher than 2004. The primary purposes for capital expenditures
in 2005 will be for new product tooling, production equipment, facility
expansion and capital spending related to Teccor. As in 2004, the Company
expects to finance capital expenditures in 2005 through cash flow from
operations.

The Company increased total debt by $3.8 million in 2004 after decreasing debt
by $11.5 million in 2003 and $13.0 million in 2002. The Company is required to
repay $10.0 million of its Senior Notes in 2005. The Company expects to repay
this note with cash from operations. Separately, the Company has $5.4 million in
renewable foreign credit facilities outstanding at January 1, 2005, due in 2005.
The Company's Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase shares
of its common stock, from time to time, depending on market conditions. The
Company repurchased 168,400 common shares for $5.6 million in 2004, zero common
shares in 2003 and 225,800 common shares for $3.6 million in 2002.

Contractual Obligations

The following table summarizes contractual obligations and commitments, as of
January 1, 2005 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Payment Due By Period
                                                     -------------------------------------
                                         Less than                               More than
Contractual Obligations        Total       1 year    1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years    5 years
- -----------------------       --------   ---------   -----------   -----------   ---------
<S>                           <C>        <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>
Long-term debt obligations    $ 34,322    $ 32,958     $   132       $ 1,232      $    --
Interest payments                1,088         956          70            62           --
Operating lease payments        10,684       4,371       3,781         1,848          684
                              --------    --------     -------       -------      -------
Total                         $ 46,094    $ 38,285     $ 3,983       $ 3,142      $   684
                              --------    --------     -------       -------      -------
</TABLE>

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 151, "Inventory Costs An
Amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4". SFAS 151 clarifies
that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and
spoilage should be expensed as incurred and not included as overhead. SFAS 151
also requires that the allocation of fixed production overhead to conversion
costs be based on normal capacity of the production facilities. SFAS 151 must be
applied prospectively beginning January 1, 2006. The adoption of SFAS 151 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 123R, "Share-Based
Payment," replacing SFAS No. 123 and superseding Accounting Principles Board
(APB) Opinion No. 25. SFAS 123R requires public companies to recognize
compensation expense for the cost of awards of equity compensation effective
July 1, 2005. This compensation cost will be measured as the fair value of the
award estimated using an option-pricing model on the grant date. The Company is
currently evaluating the various transition provisions under SFAS 123R and will
adopt SFAS 123R effective July 1, 2005, which is expected to result in increased
compensation expense in future periods.

Critical Accounting Policies

Certain of the accounting policies as discussed below require the application of
significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate estimates and
assumptions for calculating amounts to record in the financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions, impacting the
reported results of operations and financial position. Significant accounting
policies are more fully described in the notes to the audited financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain accounting
policies, however, are considered to be critical in that they are most important
to the depiction of the Company's financial condition and results of operations
and their application requires management's subjective judgment in making
estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: The Company evaluates the collectibility of its
trade receivables based on a combination of factors. The Company regularly
analyzes its significant customer accounts and, when the Company becomes aware
of a specific

<PAGE>

customer's inability to meet its financial obligations, the Company records a
specific reserve for bad debt to reduce the related receivable to the amount the
Company reasonably believes is collectible. The Company also records allowances
for all other customers based on a variety of factors including the length of
time the receivables are past due, the financial health of the customer,
macroeconomic considerations and historical experience. Historically, the
allowance for doubtful accounts has been adequate to cover bad debts. If
circumstances related to specific customers change, the estimates of the
recoverability of receivables could be further adjusted. However, due to the
Company's diverse customer base and lack of credit concentration, the Company
does not believe its estimates would be materially impacted by changes in its
assumptions.

Credit Memos: The Company evaluates sales activity for credits to be issued on
sales recorded prior to the end of the fiscal year. These credits relate to the
return of inventory, pricing adjustments and credits issued to a customer based
upon achieving prearranged sales volumes. Volume based incentives offered to
customers are based upon the estimated cost of the program and are recorded as
products are sold.

Inventory: The Company performs a detailed assessment of inventory, which
includes a review of, among other factors, demand requirements, product life
cycle and development plans, component cost trends, product pricing and quality
issues. Based on the analysis, the Company records adjustments to inventory for
excessiveness, obsolescence or impairment when appropriate to reflect inventory
at net realizable value. Historically, inventory reserves have been adequate to
reflect inventory at net realizable values. Revisions to inventory adjustments
may be required if actual demand, component costs or product life cycles differ
from estimates. However, due to the Company's diverse product lines and end user
markets, the Company does not believe its estimates would be materially impacted
by changes in its assumptions.

Goodwill and Other Intangibles: Purchase accounting requires the use of
accounting estimates and judgments to allocate the purchase price to the fair
market value of the assets purchased and liabilities assumed. The Company has
accounted for its acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting.

The Company determined the fair value of each of its reporting units by
calculating an EBITDA for each business segment and applying a multiple based
upon recent acquisition experience. In making these projections, the Company
considered the markets it was addressing, the competitive environment and its
advantages. The Company determined that the fair value of each of the reporting
units exceeded their carrying amounts and, therefore, no goodwill impairment
existed. The Company will continue to perform a goodwill impairment test on an
annual basis and on an interim basis, if certain conditions exist. Factors the
Company considers important, which could result in changes to its estimates,
include underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating
results and declines in acquisition and trading multiples. Due to the diverse
end user base and non-discretionary product demand, the Company does not believe
its future operating results will vary significantly relative to its historical
and projected future operating results.

Long-Lived Assets: The Company evaluates long-lived assets on an ongoing basis.
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the related asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a
comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If the asset is determined to be
impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the
carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. The Company's estimates of
future cash flows from such assets could be impacted if it underperforms
relative to historical or projected future operating results. However, due to
the Company's diverse product lines and end user markets, the Company does not
believe its estimates would be materially impacted by changes in its
assumptions.

Pension and Other Post-retirement Benefits: Accounting for pensions requires
estimating the future benefit cost and recognizing the cost over the employee's
expected period of employment with the Company. Certain assumptions are required
in the calculation of pension costs and obligations. These assumptions include
the discount rate, salary scales and the expected long-term rate of return on
plan assets. The discount rate is intended to represent the rate at which
pension benefit obligations could be settled by purchase of an annuity contract.
These assumptions are subject to change based on stock and bond market returns
and other economic factors. Actual results that differ from the Company's
assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and therefore
generally affect its recognized expense and accrued liability in such future
periods. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate given
current economic conditions and its actual experience, significant differences
in results or significant changes in the Company's assumptions may materially
affect its pension obligations and related future expense.

Environmental Liabilities: Environmental liabilities are accrued based on
estimates of the probability of potential future environmental exposure and are
discounted based upon certain assumptions. Expenses related to on-going
maintenance of environmental sites are expensed as incurred. If actual or
estimated probable future losses exceed the Company's recorded liability for
such claims, it would record additional charges as other expense during the
period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred.

Other Contingencies: In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved
in legal proceedings involving contractual and employment relations, product
liability claims, trademark rights and a variety of other matters. The Company
records contingent liabilities resulting from claims against it when it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss is
reasonably estimable. The Company discloses contingent liabilities when there is
a reasonable possibility that the ultimate loss will exceed the recorded
liability. Estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, in
some cases including judgments about the potential actions of third party
claimants and courts. Therefore, actual losses in any future period are
inherently uncertain. Currently, the Company does not believe that any of its
pending legal proceedings or claims will have a material impact on its financial
position or results of operations. However, if actual or estimated probable
future losses exceed the Company's recorded liability for such claims, it would
record additional charges as other expense during the period in which the actual
loss or change in estimate occurred.

Market Risk

The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates and commodities.

The Company had long-term debt outstanding at January 1, 2005, in the form of
Senior Notes at fixed interest rates and a foreign

<PAGE>

line of credit at variable rates. While 71% of this debt has variable interest
rates, the Company's interest expense is not materially sensitive to changes in
interest rate levels since debt levels and potential interest expense increases
are small relative to earnings.

A portion of the Company's operations consists of manufacturing and sales
activities in foreign countries. The Company has manufacturing facilities in
Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, Switzerland, Germany, Hungary, Poland, China and the
Philippines. During 2004, sales exported from the United States or manufactured
abroad accounted for 60% of total sales. Substantially all sales in Europe are
denominated in Euro, U.S. Dollar and British Pound Sterling, and substantially
all sales in the Asia-Pacific region are denominated in U.S. Dollar, Japanese
Yen and South Korean Won.

The Company's identifiable foreign exchange exposures result from the purchase
and sale of products from affiliates, repayment of intercompany trade and loan
amounts and translation of local currency amounts in consolidation of financial
results. As international sales were more than half of total sales, a
significant portion of the resulting accounts receivable are denominated in
foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic
conditions in the foreign countries in which it manufactures and distributes
products could affect the Company's sales, accounts receivable values and
financial results. The Company uses netting and offsetting intercompany account
management techniques to reduce known foreign currency exposures where possible
and also considers the use of derivative instruments to hedge certain foreign
currency exposures deemed to be material. The Company has entered into cross
currency interest rate swaps, as discussed in Note 8 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, designated as a cash flow hedge of the
foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with forecasted intercompany
sales transactions denominated in Japanese Yen.

The Company uses various metals in the production of its products, including
zinc, copper, silver and platinum. The Company's earnings are exposed to
fluctuations in the prices of these commodities. The Company does not currently
use derivative financial instruments to mitigate this commodity price risk.

The Company does not believe it has significant exposure to market risk from
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and
commodities.

Outlook

Sales in 2005 are expected to improve slightly in the automotive and electrical
markets. Sales in the electronics market are expected to be weak early in the
year and improve as the year progresses. The Company believes its long-term
growth strategy, which emphasizes development of new circuit protection products
and providing customers with solutions and technical support in all major
regions of the world, will drive sales growth in all of its markets.

With the expectation of continued pricing pressure, the Company initiated a
manufacturing rationalization program in 2001 emphasizing consolidation of
plants and transfer of manufacturing to lower cost locations. The program
involved manufacturing plant closures in the U.S., the U.K. and Korea and
workforce reductions in Ireland. The program was substantially completed as of
January 1, 2005. The Company initiated a new series of projects in 2004 to
consolidate and reduce costs in its global manufacturing and distribution
operations. These programs are expected to generate cost savings to more than
offset price erosion in 2005. The benefits of these programs are expected to
have a favorable impact on earnings in 2005. The Company also plans to increase
research and development spending to accelerate new product development in order
to help drive future sales growth.

The Company is working to expand its market share in the overvoltage circuit
protection market with the addition of products and technology through the
Semitron Industries, Harris Suppression Products and Teccor acquisitions and the
ability to offer customers total circuit protection solutions. The Company will
also look for opportunities to add to its strong position in the overcurrent
protection market, as with the recent Heinrich acquisition. The Company remains
committed to investing in new product development and technical resources to
provide customers with overcurrent and overvoltage circuit protection solutions
and expertise.

"Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995

The statements in this section, the letter to shareholders and in the other
sections of this report, which are not historical facts are forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to,
product demand and market acceptance risks, the effect of economic conditions,
the impact of competitive products and pricing, product development and patent
protection, commercialization and technological difficulties, capacity and
supply constraints or difficulties, exchange rate fluctuations, actual purchases
under agreements, the effect of the Company's accounting policies, labor
disputes, restructuring costs in excess of expectations, pension plan asset
returns less than assumed, integration of acquisitions, and other risks which
may be detailed in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

<PAGE>
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of Littelfuse, Inc. is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Littelfuse, Inc.'s internal control
system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company's management
and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of
published financial statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.

An internal control significant deficiency is a control deficiency, or
combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the company's
ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial
data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such
that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the
company's annual or interim financial statements that is more than
inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. An internal control material
weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant
deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected.

Littelfuse, Inc.'s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2005 based upon the
framework in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). This assessment
identified material weaknesses in the Company's approval process over journal
entries and a lack of adequate controls over the accounting for foreign currency
translations. Specifically, certain managers had the ability to record journal
entries of significant amounts in the Company's consolidation process without
adequate review or supporting documentation. Additionally, a number of
adjustments to the amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and
Statement of Cash flows were needed due to the failure and lack of controls
mentioned above. The Company recorded an adjustment to increase both accrued
liabilities and inventory without adequate support review that was subsequently
corrected after it was determined it was recorded in error. The increase in
accrued liabilities should have been an increase to foreign currency
translation. Additionally, two significant adjustments were made to correct the
amount reported as "Effect of exchange rate changes in cash" in the consolidated
statements of Cash Flows, which impacted cash flows from operating activities
and cash flows from financing activities. Because of the material weaknesses
described above, management concluded that, as of January 1, 2005, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on those
criteria.

Littelfuse, Inc.'s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young
LLP, have issued an audit report on our assessment of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting and the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 24.

REMEDIATION STEPS TO ADDRESS MATERIAL WEAKNESS

The company has implemented the following remediation steps to address the
material weakness discussed above:

     -  Additional procedures have been implemented over the journal entry
        approval process.
     -  The Company will hire additional financial reporting personnel who
        have relevant experience with foreign currency translation.
     -  Additional procedures will be implemented to review on a quarterly
        basis the foreign currency translation component of accumulated
        comprehensive income and the impact of foreign exchange on cash and
        cash equivalents.

            REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF LITTELFUSE, INC.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Littelfuse, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of January 1, 2005 and January 3, 2004, and the related
consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2005. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Littelfuse, Inc.
and subsidiaries at January 1, 2005 and January 3, 2004, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended January 1, 2005, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of Littelfuse,
Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2005, based on
criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated March 11, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion on management's assessment
and an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting.

Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois

March 16, 2005

<PAGE>

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF LITTELFUSE, INC.

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that
Littelfuse, Inc. did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of January 1, 2005, because of the effect of inadequate review and
supporting documentation for certain journal entries recorded in the Company's
consolidation process and a lack of adequate control over the accounting for
foreign currency translation, based on criteria established in Internal
Control-- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Littelfuse's
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management's assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control
deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included
in management's assessment: The ability of certain managers to record journal
entries of significant amounts in the Company's consolidation process without
adequate review or supporting documentation and a lack of adequate controls over
the accounting for foreign currency translation both represent a material
weakness as defined above. As a result of these material weaknesses, we noted
several journal entries and adjustments affecting amounts reported in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of January 1, 2005 and the Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended January 1, 2005 that were recorded in error but were
subsequently corrected by the Company. These material weaknesses were considered
in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our
audit of the January 1, 2005 consolidated financial statements, and this report
does not affect our report dated March 11, 2005 on those financial statements.

<PAGE>

In our opinion, management's assessment that Littelfuse, Inc. did not maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2005, is
fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO control criteria.
Also, in our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described
above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Littelfuse,
Inc. has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as
of January 1, 2005, based on the COSO control criteria.

                                                           Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois

March 16, 2005

Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                                        January 1, 2005       January 3, 2004
- --------------                                        ---------------       ---------------
<S>                                                   <C>                   <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                              $  28,583             $   22,128
  Accounts receivable, less allowances
    (2004 - $10,230; 2003 - $7,470)                         77,726                 52,149
  Inventories                                               79,080                 52,598
  Deferred income taxes                                     17,056                 17,096
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                  6,804                  5,169
                                                         ---------             ----------
Total current assets                                       209,249                149,140

Property, plant, and equipment:
  Land                                                      13,997                  8,572
  Buildings                                                 56,041                 38,531
  Equipment                                                233,481                205,697
                                                         ---------             ----------
                                                           303,519                252,800
Accumulated depreciation                                  (167,054)              (154,321)
                                                         ---------             ----------
                                                           136,465                 98,479
Intangible assets, net of amortization:
  Patents, licenses and software                             2,908                     17
  Distribution network                                       8,750                  4,113
  Trademarks                                                 7,393                  7,813
  Goodwill                                                  55,249                 48,643
                                                         ---------             ----------
                                                            74,301                 60,586
Investments                                                  4,886                  2,543
Other assets                                                   408                    822
                                                         ---------             ----------
Total assets                                             $ 425,309             $  311,570
                                                         =========             ==========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                       $  19,752             $   15,206
  Accrued payroll                                           22,065                 20,894
  Accrued expenses                                          16,834                  7,440
  Accrued severance related to acquisitions                  8,722                  7,637
  Accrued income taxes                                      14,823                 13,715
  Current portion of long-term debt                         32,958                 18,496
                                                         ---------             ----------
Total current liabilities                                  115,154                 83,388

Long-term debt, less current portion                         1,364                 10,201
Deferred income taxes                                        8,573                     --
Accrued post-retirement benefits                            20,417                  4,564
Other long-term liabilities                                  7,081                  1,072
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>                    <C>
Minority Interest                                                 2,636                    143

Shareholders' equity:
Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share:
   1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued
   and outstanding                                                   --                     --
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share:
   34,000,000 shares authorized; shares issued
   and outstanding, 2004 - 22,549,595; 2003 -
   22,002,119                                                       225                    220
Additional paid-in capital                                       96,008                 75,859
Notes receivable - common stock                                  (3,550)                (3,550)
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                     3,673                 (3,042)
Retained earnings                                               173,728                142,715
Total shareholders' equity                                      270,084                212,202
                                                              ---------              ---------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                    $ 425,309              $ 311,570
                                                              =========              =========

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

Consolidated Statements of Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
Year Ended                                                   January 1, 2005    January 3, 2004   December 28, 2002
- -------------------------------------------------------      ---------------    ---------------   -----------------
<S>                                                          <C>                <C>               <C>
Net sales                                                       $ 500,242         $ 339,410          $ 283,267
Cost of sales                                                     321,288           234,984            194,644
                                                                ---------         ---------          ---------
Gross profit                                                      178,954           104,426             88,623

Selling, general and administrative expenses                       99,781            68,579             63,591
Research and development expenses                                  17,464             8,694              8,334
Impairment of long-term investment                                  2,277                --                 --
Amortization of intangibles                                         2,441             1,072                767
                                                                ---------         ---------          ---------
Operating income                                                   56,991            26,081             15,931

Interest expense                                                    1,491             2,045              2,653
Other expense (income), net                                            89                68             (1,753)
                                                                ---------         ---------          ---------
Income before income taxes and minority interest                   55,411            23,968             15,031
Minority interest                                                     153                --                 --
Income taxes                                                       19,230             8,629              5,411
                                                                ---------         ---------          ---------
Net income                                                      $  36,028         $  15,339          $   9,620
                                                                =========         =========          =========
Net income per share:
Basic                                                           $    1.62         $    0.70          $    0.44
Diluted                                                         $    1.59         $    0.70          $    0.44
                                                                ---------         ---------          ---------

Weighted-average shares and equivalent shares outstanding:
Basic                                                              22,239            21,881             21,858
Diluted                                                            22,604            22,004             21,971
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)
Year Ended                                                   January 1, 2005    January 3, 2004   December 28, 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------     ---------------    ---------------   -----------------
<S>                                                          <C>                <C>               <C>
Operating activities
Net income                                                       $ 36,028          $  15,339           $  9,620
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
  by operating activities:
    Depreciation                                                   23,859             20,029             18,137
    Amortization of intangibles                                     2,441              1,072                767
    Impairment of long-term investment                              2,277                 --                 --
    Provision for bad debts                                           802                 50                356
    Deferred income taxes                                           4,498             (6,458)              (575)
    Other                                                          (1,805)             (205)               651
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>               <C>
   Accounts receivable                                           (6,582)               387            2,794
   Inventories                                                   (4,277)             5,865            4,762
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses                         (7,709)            12,584            3,296
   Prepaid expenses and other                                     3,452              1,290              950
                                                               --------         ----------        ---------
Net cash provided by operating activities                        52,984             49,953           40,758

Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, net                 (22,079)           (14,041)          (8,360)
Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired                    (41,661)           (44,590)         (15,031)
Purchase of marketable securities                                    --             (1,598)         (13,747)
Sale of marketable securities                                        --             10,404            4,941
                                                               --------         ----------        ---------
Net cash used in investing activities                           (63,740)           (49,825)         (32,197)

Financing activities
Proceeds from long-term debt                                     42,200             30,500              112
Payments of long-term debt                                      (38,402)           (41,996)         (13,130)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants             16,520              4,291            1,614
Purchases of common stock and redemption of warrants             (5,604)                --           (3,556)
                                                               --------         ----------        ---------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities              14,714             (7,205)         (14,960)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                           2,497              1,455             (378)
                                                               --------         ----------        ---------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                  6,455             (5,622)          (6,777)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                   22,128             27,750           34,527
                                                               --------         ----------        ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                       $ 28,583         $   22,128        $  27,750
                                                               ========         ==========        =========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Notes       Accumulated
                                                                Additional    Receivable-       Other
                                                     Common      Paid-In         Common     Comprehensive    Retained
(In thousands)                                       Stock       Capital         Stock      Income (Loss)    Earnings       Total
- --------------------------------------------       ---------    ----------    -----------   -------------   ----------    ---------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>
Balance at December 29, 2001                       $     219     $ 70,641       $(3,448)      $(10,265)     $ 120,522     $ 177,669
Comprehensive income:
 Net income for the year                                  --           --            --             --          9,620         9,620
 Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives             --           --            --           (231)            --          (231)
 Minimum pension liability adjustment,
  net of tax                                              --           --            --         (3,462)            --        (3,462)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                  --           --            --          4,057             --         4,057
                                                   ---------     --------       -------       --------      ---------     ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                          9,984
Stock options and warrants exercised*                      1        2,065          (452)            --             --         1,614
Purchase of 225,800 shares of common stock                (2)        (788)           --             --         (2,766)       (3,556)
                                                   ---------     --------       -------       --------      ---------     ---------

Balance at December 28, 2002                       $     218     $ 71,918       $(3,900)      $ (9,901)     $ 127,376     $ 185,711
Comprehensive income:
 Net income for the year                                  --           --            --             --         15,339        15,339
 Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives             --           --            --           (770)            --          (770)
 Minimum pension liability adjustment,
  net of tax                                              --           --            --          3,216             --         3,216
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                  --           --            --          4,413             --         4,413
                                                   ---------     --------       -------       --------      ---------     ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                         22,198
Payments on notes receivable                              --           --           350             --             --           350
Stock options and warrants exercised*                      2        3,941            --             --             --         3,943
                                                   ---------     --------       -------       --------      ---------     ---------

Balance at January 3, 2004                         $     220     $ 75,859       $(3,550)      $ (3,042)     $ 142,715     $ 212,202
Comprehensive income:
 Net income for the year                                  --           --            --             --         36,028        36,028
 Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives             --           --            --            824             --           824
 Minimum pension liability adjustment, net of tax         --           --            --           (458)            --          (458)
 Unrealized loss on marketable securities                 --           --            --         (1,095)            --        (1,095)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                  --           --            --          7,444             --         7,444
                                                   ---------     --------       -------       --------      ---------     ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                         42,743

Purchase of 168,400 shares of common stock                (2)        (587)           --             --         (5,015)       (5,604)
Stock options and warrants exercised*                      7       20,736            --             --             --        20,743

Balance at January 1, 2005                         $     225     $ 96,008       $(3,550)      $  3,673      $ 173,728     $ 270,084
                                                   ---------     --------       -------       --------      ---------     ---------
</TABLE>

*Including related tax benefit.

See accompanying notes.
<PAGE>

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

January 1, 2005 and January 3, 2004

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Information

Nature of Operations: Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company)
design, manufacture, and sell circuit protection devices for use in the
automotive, electronic and electrical markets throughout the world.

Fiscal Year: The Company's fiscal years ended January 1, 2005, January 3, 2004,
and December 28, 2002, and contained 52, 53 and 52 weeks, respectively.

Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts reported in
previous years have been reclassified to conform to the 2004 presentation.

Cash Equivalents: All highly liquid investments, with a maturity of three months
or less when purchased, are considered to be cash equivalents.

Investments: The Company has determined that all of its investment securities
are to be classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale securities are
carried at fair value with the unrealized gains and losses reported in
"Shareholders' Equity" as a component of "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss)." The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of
premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is included
in interest income. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be
other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in other
income or expense. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific
identification method. Interest and dividends on securities classified as
available-for-sale are included in interest income.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments: The Company's financial instruments include
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, investments and long-term debt.
The carrying values of such financial instruments approximate their estimated
fair values.

Accounts Receivable: The Company performs credit evaluations of customers'
financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Credit losses are
provided for in the financial statements based upon specific knowledge of a
customer's inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company.
Historically, credit losses have consistently been within management's
expectations and have not been a material amount. The Company also maintains
allowances against accounts receivable for the settlement of rebates and sales
discounts to customers. These allowances are based upon specific customer sales
and sales discounts as well as actual historical experience.

Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first in, first out
method) or market, which approximates current replacement cost. The Company
maintains excess and obsolete allowances against inventory to reduce the
carrying value to the expected net realizable value. These allowances are based
upon a combination of factors including historical sales volume, market
conditions, lower of cost or market analysis and expected realizable value of
the inventory.

Property, Plant and Equipment: Land, buildings, and equipment are carried at
cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method with useful
lives of 21 years for buildings, seven to nine years for equipment, seven years
for furniture and fixtures, five years for tooling and three years for computer
equipment. Prior to 2004, depreciation was calculated under accelerated methods
with useful lives of 21 years for buildings, seven to nine years for equipment,
and seven years for furniture and fixtures. The impact of this prospective
change in depreciating new asset purchases was not material in 2004.

Intangible Assets: Trademarks and tradenames are amortized using the
straight-line method over estimated useful lives that have a range of five to
twenty years. Patents and licenses are amortized using the straight-line method
over estimated useful lives that have a range of four to nine years. The
distribution networks are amortized on either a straight-line or accelerated
basis over estimated useful lives that have a range of nine to twenty years.

Goodwill is subject to an annual impairment test. Impairment is determined by
calculating the fair value of each of the business segments by calculating an
EBITDA for each business segment and applying a multiple based upon recent
acquisition experience. In making these projections, the Company considered the
markets it was addressing, the competitive environment and its advantages. The
Company determined that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded
their carrying amounts and, therefore, no goodwill impairment existed. The
Company will continue to perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis
and on an interim basis, if certain conditions exist. Factors the Company
considers important, which could result in changes to its estimates, include
underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results
and declines in acquisition and trading multiples. Due to the diverse end user
base and non-discretionary product demand, the Company does not believe its
future operating results will vary significantly relative to its historical and
projected future operating results.

Pension and Other Post-retirement Benefits: Accounting for pensions requires
estimating the future benefit cost and recognizing the cost over the employee's
expected period of employment with the Company. Certain assumptions are required
in the calculation of pension costs and obligations. These assumptions include
the discount rate, salary scales and the expected long-term rate of return on
plan assets. The discount rate is intended to represent the rate at which
pension benefit obligations could be settled by purchase of an annuity contract.
These assumptions are subject to change based on stock and bond market returns
and other economic factors. Actual results that differ from the Company's
assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and therefore
generally affect its recognized expense and accrued liability in such future
periods. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate given
current economic conditions and its actual experience, significant differences
in results or significant changes in the Company's assumptions may materially
affect its pension obligations and related future expense.

Environmental Liabilities: Environmental liabilities are accrued based on
estimates of the probability of potential future environmental exposure and are
discounted based upon certain assumptions. Expenses related to on-going
maintenance of environmental sites are expensed as incurred. If actual or
estimated probable future losses exceed the Company's recorded liability for
such claims, it would record additional charges as other expense during the
period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred.

Revenue Recognition: In accordance with the Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No.
104, "Revenue Recognition," issued in December
<PAGE>

2003, sales and associated costs are recognized in accordance with customer
shipping terms, which is when the transfer of title to the customer occurs. Such
revenue is recognized when collectibility is reasonably assured.

Credit Memos: The Company evaluates sales activity for credits to be issued on
sales recorded prior to the end of the fiscal year. These credits relate to the
return of inventory, pricing adjustments and credits issued to a customer based
upon achieving prearranged sales volumes. Volume based incentives offered to
customers are based upon the estimated cost of the program and are recorded as
products are sold.

Advertising Costs: The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred, which
amounted to $2.2 million in 2004, $1.2 million in 2003 and $2.1 million in 2002.

Foreign Currency Translation: The Company's foreign subsidiaries use the local
currency as their functional currency. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are
translated using exchange rates at the balance sheet date and revenues and
expenses are translated at weighted average rates. Adjustments from the
translation process are reflected in shareholders' equity.

Derivative Instruments: The Company recognizes derivatives as either assets or
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and measures those instruments at
fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends
on the intended use and designation of the derivative instrument. For
derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the
derivative's gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated
other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the
hedged exposure affects earnings. Derivative financial instruments involve, to a
varying degree, elements of market and credit risk not recognized in the
consolidated financial statements. The market risk associated with these
instruments resulting from interest rate movements is expected to offset the
market risk of the underlying transactions being hedged. The counterparties to
the agreements relating to the Company's cross currency rate instruments consist
of major international financial institutions with high credit ratings. The
Company does not believe that there is significant risk of non-performance by
these counterparties because the Company monitors the credit ratings of such
counterparties, and limits the financial exposure and amount of agreements
entered into with any one financial institution. While the notional amounts of
the derivative financial instruments provides one measure of the volume of these
transactions, they do not represent the amount of the Company's exposure to
credit risk. The amounts potentially subject to credit risk (arising from the
possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts) are
generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties'
obligations under the contracts exceed the obligations of the Company to the
counterparty.

Stock-based Compensation: As permitted by SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation" (SFAS 123), the Company accounts for stock option
grants to employees and directors in accordance with Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," using the intrinsic
value method. Generally, the Company grants stock options for a fixed number of
shares with an exercise price equal to the market price of the underlying stock
at the date of grant and, accordingly, does not recognize compensation expense.
On certain occasions, the Company has granted stock options for a fixed number
of shares with an exercise price below that of the underlying stock on the date
of the grant and recognizes compensation expense accordingly. This compensation
expense has not been material. See Note 10 for additional information on
stock-based compensation.

The following table discloses our pro forma net income and diluted net income
per share had the valuation methods under SFAS 123 been used for our stock
option grants. The table also discloses the weighted average assumptions used in
estimating the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing method.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share amounts)                            2004            2003            2002
- ---------------------------------------                          ----------      ----------      ----------
<S>                                                              <C>             <C>             <C>
Net income as reported                                           $   36,028      $   15,339      $    9,620
Stock option compensation expense, net of tax*                       (2,762)         (2,520)         (2,260)
                                                                 ----------      ----------      ----------
Pro forma net income                                             $   33,266      $   12,819      $    7,360
                                                                 ==========      ==========      ==========
Basic net income per share
As reported                                                      $     1.62      $     0.70      $     0.44
Pro forma                                                        $     1.50      $     0.59      $     0.34
Diluted net income per share
As reported                                                      $     1.59      $     0.70      $     0.44
Pro forma                                                        $     1.47      $     0.58      $     0.33
Risk-free interest rate                                                4.14%           3.45%           3.24%
Expected dividend yield                                                   0%              0%              0%
Expected stock price volatility                                        44.0%           46.9%           41.4%
Expected life of options                                            7 years         7 years         7 years
</TABLE>

- --------------------
* 2003 and 2002 expense amounts have been increased by $1,371 and $1,238,
respectively, from amounts previously presented. Proforma amounts were
adjusted accordingly.

These pro forma amounts may not be representative of future disclosures because
the estimated fair value of the options is amortized to expense over the vesting
period and additional options may be granted in the future.

Accounting Pronouncements: In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 151,
"Inventory Costs - An Amendment to Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter
4". SFAS 151 clarifies that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight,
handling costs and spoilage should be expensed as incurred and not included as
overhead. SFAS 151 also requires that the allocation of fixed production
overhead to conversion costs be based on normal capacity of the production
facilities. SFAS 151 must be applied prospectively beginning January 1, 2006.
The adoption of SFAS 151 is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.

Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs: Amounts billed to customers in a sales
transaction represent fees earned for the goods provided and, accordingly,
amounts billed related to shipping and handling should be classified as revenue.
Costs incurred for shipping and handling of $4.6 million, $4.3 million and $3.6
million in 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively, are classified in Selling,
<PAGE>
General, and Administrative expenses.

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 123R, "Share-Based
Payment," replacing SFAS No. 123 and superseding Accounting Principles Board
(APB) Opinion No. 25. SFAS 123R requires public companies to recognize
compensation expense for the cost of awards of equity compensation effective
July 1, 2005. This compensation cost will be measured as the fair value of the
award estimated using an option-pricing model on the grant date. The Company is
currently evaluating the various transition provisions under SFAS 123R and will
adopt SFAS 123R effective July 1, 2005, which is expected to result in increased
compensation expense in future periods.

Restructuring Costs: The Company incurs severance charges and plant closure
expenses as part of the Company's on-going cost reduction efforts. These charges
are included in Cost of Sales or Selling, General and Administrative expense
depending on the nature of the charge.

2. Acquisition of Business

On May 6, 2004, the Company acquired 82% of the common stock of Heinrich
Industrie AG ("Heinrich") for Euro 39.5 million (approximately $47.1 million) in
cash and acquisition costs of approximately $1.8 million. The Company purchased
the controlling interest in Heinrich from its two largest shareholders and
initiated a tender offer for the remaining shares of the publicly held company.
The Company funded the acquisition with $17.5 million in cash and $32.0 million
of borrowings on an existing revolving line of credit.

Subsequent to May 6, 2004, the Company purchased additional shares of Heinrich
stock for approximately $8.7 million, bringing the total ownership to 97.2% as
of January 1, 2005.

Heinrich is the holding company for the Wickmann Group of circuit protection
products, which has three business units: electronic, automotive and electrical.
Littelfuse operates Heinrich in such business units subsequent to the
acquisition. The Heinrich acquisition expands the Company's product offerings
and strengthens the Company's position in the circuit protection industry.

The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method and the operations
of Heinrich are included in the Company's operations from the date of
acquisition. The following table sets forth the purchase price allocation for
the acquisition of Heinrich in accordance with the purchase method of accounting
with adjustments to record the acquired assets and liabilities of Heinrich at
their estimated fair market or net realizable values.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Purchase price allocation (In thousands)
- ----------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>
 Current assets                            $  39,824
 Property, plant and equipment                35,826
Patents, licenses and software                 3,396
Distribution network                           5,135
Trademarks and tradenames                        788
 Goodwill                                      7,651
 Other assets                                  5,282
 Current liabilities                         (30,778)
 Purchase accounting liabilities              (7,281)
 Other long-term liabilities                 (16,580)
 Minority interest                            (1,602)
                                           ---------
                                           $  41,661
                                           =========
</TABLE>

All goodwill and intangible assets are recorded in the European segment.
Trademarks and tradenames have an estimated useful life of five years. The
distribution network has an average estimated useful life of nine years. Patents
have an estimated useful life of four years. Software has a useful life of three
years. The weighted average estimated useful life for intangible assets is
approximately seven years.

Purchase accounting liabilities are estimated to be $7.3 million and are for
redundancy costs to be paid through 2005 related to manufacturing operations and
selling, general and administrative functions. These liabilities are subject to
revision as the Company implements its plan. The Company began formulating its
plan to incur these costs as of the acquisition date. As of January 1, 2005,
approximately $0.1 million has been paid related to these liabilities.

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information for the
Company has been prepared assuming the Heinrich acquisition had occurred on
December 29, 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share data)
For the year ended                             2004               2003
- ------------------------------------        ---------          ----------
<S>                                         <C>                <C>
Net revenues                                $ 534,661          $  433,242
Net income from operations                     56,254              20,493
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>                <C>
Net income                                     35,668              15,088
Diluted net income per share                $    1.58          $     0.69
</TABLE>

These unaudited pro forma results are presented for comparative purposes only.
The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actual results
would have been had the Heinrich acquisition been completed as of the beginning
of the respective periods, or of future results.

On July 7, 2003, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding
stock of Teccor Electronics, Inc. (`Teccor'), a subsidiary of Invensys plc for
$44.6 million in cash, plus a future payment of $5.0 million contingent on sales
of Teccor products reaching $107.0 million for calendar year 2005. If the
contingent purchase price is to be paid it will be accounted for as an
adjustment to purchase price in accordance with EITF 95-8 "Accounting for
Contingent Consideration Paid to the Shareholders of an Acquired Enterprise in a
Purchase Business Combination", as the selling shareholder has had no
involvement in the Teccor business since the date of acquisition. The Company
does not believe that Teccor will achieve the sales level in 2005 which would
trigger the additional future payment. Teccor manufactures semiconductor
products for the telecommunications and industrial market segments, including
transient voltage suppression devices and power switching devices. The addition
of Teccor's transient voltage suppression products expands the Company's line of
overvoltage products and strengthens its position in the telecom and industrial
market segments. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method and
the operations of Teccor are included in the Company's operations from the date
of acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price resulted in no goodwill.
The acquisition was funded with cash on hand and borrowings under the Company's
$50.0 million revolving credit facility. The allocation of purchase price, net
of cash, is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)
- --------------
<S>                                    <C>
Current assets                         $ 27,508
Property, plant and equipment            21,550
Intangible asset                          6,100
Deferred tax assets                       6,703
Current liabilities                      (9,985)
Purchase accounting liabilities          (6,900)
Other long-term liabilities                (386)
                                       --------
Total purchase price, net of cash      $ 44,590
                                       ========
</TABLE>

Purchase accounting liabilities are estimated to be $6.9 million and are
primarily for redundancy costs related to manufacturing operations and selling,
general and administrative functions. The Company began formulating the plan to
incur these costs as of the acquisition date. Included in this amount is $0.7
million to reflect the obligation of Teccor to remit to Invensys proceeds from
the sale of land. As of January 1, 2005, $5.4 million of restructuring payments
related to employee severance have been paid and $1.4 million has been reversed
from the liability with an offsetting reduction to intangible assets, leaving a
balance of $0.1 million in purchase accounting liabilities at January 1, 2005.
The remaining accrued liabilities are expected to be paid by the end of the 2005
fiscal year.

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information for the
Company has been prepared assuming the Teccor acquisition had occurred on
December 29, 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share data)
For the year ended                            2004          2003
- ------------------------------------       ----------     ---------
<S>                                        <C>            <C>
Net revenues                               $  500,242     $ 375,797
Net income from operations                     56,991        23,211
Net income                                     36,028        13,179
Diluted net income per share               $     1.59     $    0.60
</TABLE>

These unaudited pro forma results are presented for comparative purposes only.
The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actual results
would have been had the acquisition been completed as of the beginning of the
respective periods, or of future results.

3. Inventories

The components of inventories are as follows at January 1, 2005, and January 3,
2004 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    2004          2003
                                 ---------     ---------
<S>                              <C>           <C>
Raw materials                    $  16,723     $  11,783
Work in process                     23,780        16,224
Finished goods                      38,577        24,591
                                 ---------     ---------
Total net inventory              $  79,080     $  52,598
                                 =========     =========
</TABLE>

4. Intangible Assets

The Company recorded amortization expense of $2.4 million, $1.1 million and $0.8
million in 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

<PAGE>

The details of intangible assets and future amortization expense of existing
intangible assets at January 1, 2005, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 As of January 1, 2005        As of January 3, 2004
                             ---------------------------   ---------------------------
                                Gross                         Gross
                               Carrying     Accumulated     Carrying      Accumulated
                                Value       Amortization      Value       Amortization
                             -----------    ------------   ----------     ------------
<S>                          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Patents and licenses         $    26,318    $     23,409   $   22,820     $     22,803
Distribution network              18,949          10,199       13,440            9,327
Trademarks and tradenames         11,688           4,295       11,145            3,332
                             -----------    ------------   ----------     ------------
Total                        $    56,955    $     37,903   $   47,405     $     35,462
</TABLE>

Estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets with definite lives
at January 1, 2005, is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                             <C>
2005                            $  3,169
2006                               3,169
2007                               2,661
2008                               2,315
2009                               2,215
Thereafter                         5,523
                                --------
                                $ 19,052
                                ========
</TABLE>

The amounts for goodwill and changes in the carrying value by operating segment
are as follows at January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Additions and
                                2004      other adjustments      2003
                             ---------    -----------------    ---------
<S>                          <C>          <C>
Americas                     $  35,458       $  (1,034)        $  36,492
Europe                          19,343           7,640            11,703
Asia                               448              --               448
                             ---------       ---------         ---------
Total goodwill               $  55,249       $   6,606         $  48,643
                             ---------       ---------         ---------
</TABLE>

5. Investments

Included in investments are shares of Polytronics Technology Corporation Ltd.
("Polytronics"), a Taiwanese company, which was acquired as part of the Heinrich
acquisition. The fair value of this investment at January 1, 2005 is $4.3
million. Included in Other comprehensive income (loss) is a loss of $1.1 million
related to a decrease in the fair market value of Polytronics.

6. Long-term Obligations

The carrying amounts of long-term debt, which approximate fair value, are as
follows at January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         2004         2003
                                      ---------     ---------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>
6.16% Senior Notes, maturing 2005     $  10,000     $  20,000
Revolving credit facility                17,500            --
Other obligations                         6,822         8,697
                                      ---------     ---------
                                         34,322        28,697
Less: Current maturities                 32,958        18,496
                                      ---------     ---------
                                      $   1,364     $  10,201
                                      =========     =========
</TABLE>

The Company has unsecured domestic financing arrangements consisting of Senior
Notes with insurance companies and a credit agreement with banks that provides a
$50.0 million revolving credit facility. The Senior Notes require minimum annual
principal payments. The revolving line of credit balance becomes due within the
next year. At January 1, 2005, the Company had available $32.5 million of
borrowing capability under the revolving credit facility at an interest rate of
LIBOR plus .875%. The Company intends to renew this line of credit upon
maturity. The Company also had $1.8 million and $1.9 million in letters of
credit outstanding at January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004, respectively.

The Company also has an unsecured bank line of credit in Japan that provides a
Yen 0.9 billion, an equivalent of $9.0 million, revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of TIBOR plus .875% (.9625% as of January 1, 2005). The revolving
line of credit balance becomes due within the next year. At January 1, 2005, the
Company had an equivalent of $5.4 million outstanding on the Yen facility. The
Company intends to renew this line of credit upon maturity.

The Senior Notes and bank credit agreement contain covenants that, among other
matters, impose limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, future
mergers, sales of assets, payment of dividends, and changes in control, as
defined. In addition, the Company is required to satisfy certain financial
covenants and tests relating to, among other matters, interest coverage, working
capital, leverage and net worth. At January 1, 2005, and for the year then
ended, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.

<PAGE>

Aggregate maturities of long-term obligations at January 1, 2005, are as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                     <C>
2005                    $  32,958
2006                           88
2007                           44
2008                           --
2009                           --
2010 and thereafter         1,232
                        ---------
                        $  34,322
                        =========
</TABLE>

Interest paid on long-term debt approximated $1.7 million in 2004, $2.1 million
in 2003 and $2.5 million in 2002.

7.  Other Long-term Liabilities

Included in other long-term liabilities is an accrued liability of $5.8 million
related to a former coal mining operation at Heinrich. The accrual is based upon
the present value of the cost of future occurrences related to the coal mine
shafts (such as a shaft collapse) and the probability of such occurrences.
Actual amounts incurred could differ from the amount accrued. Ongoing
maintenance of coal mine shaft entrances are expensed as incurred.

8. Derivatives and Hedging

On June 11, 2002, the Company entered into cross-currency rate swaps, with a
notional amount of $11.6 million, as a cash flow hedge of the variability of Yen
cash flows attributable to the USD/JPY exchange rate risk on forecasted
intercompany sales of inventory to a Japanese subsidiary. The cross-currency
rate swaps convert $11.6 million of the Company's fixed rate 6.16% U.S. Dollar
debt to fixed rate 3.13% Japanese Yen debt. At the inception of the hedge, both
the foreign currency swap and the intercompany sales subject to the hedge were
denominated in Japanese Yen. The swap agreements were accounted for as a cash
flow hedge and reported at fair value. The notional amount outstanding at
January 1, 2005, was $2.9 million and the fair value of the outstanding
cross-currency rate swap agreements was recognized as a $0.6 million liability
in the accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The change in the
liability has been reflected as a charge to accumulated other comprehensive loss
in the consolidated balance sheet at January 1, 2005. The Company's hedges are
considered effective and the net gain or loss from hedge ineffectiveness was not
material.

For the period from June 1, 2004, to September 30, 2005, Heinrich Industrie AG
purchased Euro forward contracts that hedge the variability of U.S. Dollar cash
attributable to the exchange rate risk on forecasted intercompany sales to U.S.
and Asian subsidiaries. These forward contracts guarantee the rate at which the
U.S. Dollar cash flows will be converted to Euro in the future. The forward
agreements are reported at the fair value amounting to $0.2 million which was
recorded as an asset under Other Assets on the consolidated balance sheet at
January 1, 2005. The gains since the date of the Heinrich acquisition were
recognized in the income statement and were immaterial.

9. Benefit Plans

The Company has a defined-benefit pension plan covering substantially all of its
North American employees. The amount of the retirement benefit is based on years
of service and final average pay. The plan also provides post-retirement medical
benefits to retirees and their spouses if the retiree has reached age 62 and has
provided at least ten years of service prior to retirement. Such benefits
generally cease once the retiree attains age 65. The Company also has defined
benefit pension plans covering employees in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Japan
and the Netherlands. The amount of these retirement benefits is based on years
of service and final average pay. Liabilities resulting from the plan that
covers employees in the Netherlands are settled annually through the purchase of
insurance contracts. Separate from the foreign pension data presented below, net
periodic expense for the plan covering Netherlands employees was $0.2 million,
$0.3 million and $0.3 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

The Company's contributions are made in amounts sufficient to satisfy legal
requirements and ensure funding to at least 90% of the ERISA Current Liability
amount. In 2005, the Company expects to make contributions to defined benefit
pension plans in the range of $1.0 million to $3.0 million.

Changes in actual return on pension plan assets are deferred and recognized over
a period of three years. The deferral of actual gains and losses affects the
calculated value of plan assets and therefore future pension expense.
Differences between total pension expense of $4.3 million, $3.6 million and $1.9
million in 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively, were not material to the overall
financial performance of the Company. The increases in pension expense in 2004
and 2003 were primarily due to lower asset investment returns than assumed and a
decrease in the discount rate.

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              U.S.                      Foreign
                                                       2004           2003         2004          2003
                                                   -----------     ----------   ----------     ---------
<S>                                                <C>             <C>          <C>            <C>
Change in benefit obligation
Benefit obligation at beginning of year            $    55,648     $   54,485   $   27,479     $  21,516
Service cost                                             2,759          2,667        1,066           786
Interest cost                                            3,498          3,551        1,877         1,260
 Plan participants' contributions                           --             --          178           178
 Acquisition opening balance as of 5/06/04                  --             --       11,771            --
 Net actuarial loss (gain)                               1,430         (2,152)         654           (22)
 Benefits paid                                          (3,110)        (2,903)      (1,196)         (708)
 Effect of exchange rate movements                          --             --        3,782         4,469
                                                   -----------     ----------   ----------     ---------
Benefit obligation at end of year                  $    60,225     $   55,648   $   45,611     $  27,479
                                                   ===========     ==========   ==========     =========
Change in plan assets at fair value
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year     $    44,667     $   35,685   $   22,997     $  17,347
 Actual return on plan assets                            5,238          8,886        1,601         1,993
 Employer contributions                                  1,000          3,000          580           537
 Plan participant contributions                             --             --          178           178
 Benefits paid                                          (3,110)        (2,903)        (676)         (708)
 Effect of exchange rate movements                          --             --        1,906         3,650
                                                   -----------     ----------   ----------     ---------
Fair value of plan assets at end of year           $    47,795     $   44,668   $   26,586     $  22,997
                                                   ===========     ==========   ==========     =========
 Unfunded status                                   $   (12,430)    $  (10,980)  $  (19,025)    $  (4,482)
 Unrecognized prior service cost (benefit)                 114            124         (138)         (142)
 Unrecognized transition asset                              --             --       (1,576)       (1,555)
 Unrecognized net actuarial gain                         6,236          6,552        7,173         6,294
                                                   -----------     ----------   ----------     ---------
Prepaid pension asset (obligation)                 $    (6,080)    $   (4,304)  $  (13,566)    $     115
                                                   ===========     ==========   ==========     =========

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet consist of:
Prepaid benefit cost                               $        --     $       --   $       67     $      50
Accrued benefit liability                               (6,080)        (4,304)     (14,337)         (208)
Accumulated other comprehensive income                      --             --          704           273
                                                   -----------     ----------   ----------     ---------
Net amount recognized                              $    (6,080)    $   (4,304)  $  (13,566)    $     115
                                                   ===========     ==========   ==========     =========
</TABLE>

The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. defined benefits plans was
$51,102 and $45,984 at January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004, respectively. The
accumulated benefit obligation for the foreign plans was $40,573 and $22,787 at
January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004, respectively.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            U.S.                                  Foreign
                                               2004         2003          2002         2004         2003         2002
                                             -------     ----------     --------    ----------    --------     --------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>          <C>
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Service cost                                 $ 2,759     $    2,667     $  2,198    $    1,269    $    995     $    796
Interest cost                                  3,498          3,551        3,528         1,877       1,260          992
Expected return on plan assets                (3,649)        (3,664)      (4,112)       (1,521)     (1,243)      (1,277)
Amortization of prior service cost                10             10           46           (13)        (11)         (11)
Amortization of transition asset                  --             --           --           (90)       (102)         (85)
Amortization of losses                           158            110           --            --          --           --
Recognized actuarial loss                         --             --           --           206         253           --
                                             =======     ==========     ========    ==========    ========     ========
Total cost of the plan for the year            2,776          2,674        1,660         1,728       1,152          415
Expected plan participants' contribution          --             --           --          (203)       (208)        (175)
                                             -------     ----------     --------    ----------    --------     --------
Net periodic benefit cost                    $ 2,776     $    2,674     $  1,660    $    1,525    $    944     $    240
                                             =======     ==========     ========    ==========    ========     ========
</TABLE>

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at year-end
2004, 2003 and 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            U.S.                                  Foreign
                                              2004          2003          2002         2004         2003         2002
                                            --------     ----------     --------    ----------    --------     --------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>          <C>
Discount rate                                    6.0%           6.5%         6.8%          4.8%        5.5%         5.5%
Compensation increase rate                       4.5%           4.5%         4.5%          3.4%        4.0%         4.0%
Measurement dates                           12/31/04       12/31/03     12/31/02      12/31/04    12/31/03     12/31/02
</TABLE>

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the
years 2004, 2003 and 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            U.S.                                  Foreign
                                               2004         2003          2002         2004         2003         2002
                                             -------     ----------     --------    ----------    --------     --------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>          <C>
Discount rate                                    6.5%           6.8%         7.3%          5.5%        5.5%         6.0%
Expected return on plan assets                   8.8%           9.0%         9.0%          4.7%        6.7%         6.8%
Compensation increase rate                       4.5%           4.5%         4.5%          4.0%        4.0%         4.0%
Measurement dates                            1/01/04        1/01/03      1/01/02       1/01/04     1/01/03      1/01/02
</TABLE>

Expected benefit payments to be paid to participants for the fiscal year ending
are as follows (in thousands):

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 U.S.     Foreign
               -------    -------
<S>            <C>        <C>
2005           $ 2,762    $ 1,630
2006             2,813      1,991
2007             2,954      2,326
2008             3,149      1,948
2009             3,285      1,855
2010-2014      $19,565    $14,679
</TABLE>

Defined Benefit Plan Assets

Based upon analysis of the target asset allocation and historical returns by
type of investment, the Company has assumed that the expected long-term rate of
return will be 8.8% on domestic plan assets and 4.7% on foreign plan assets.
Assets are invested to maximize long-term return taking into consideration
timing of settlement of the retirement liabilities and liquidity needs for
benefits payments. Actual investment returns over the last three years have been
less than the assumed long-term rate of return and, should this trend continue,
net periodic benefit cost would increase. U.S. defined benefit pension assets
were invested as follows and were not materially different from the target asset
allocation:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 U.S. Asset Allocation
                      2004    2003
                      ----    ----
<S>                   <C>     <C>
Equity securities       74%     74%
Debt securities         26%     26%
                      ----    ----
                       100%    100%
                      ====    ====
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Foreign Asset Allocation
                      2004    2003
                      ----    ----
<S>                   <C>     <C>
Equity securities       75%     73%
Debt securities         14%     17%
Property                 8%      8%
Cash                     3%      2%
                      ----    ----
                       100%    100%
                      ====    ====
</TABLE>

Defined Contribution Plans

The Company also maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all U.S.
employees. The Company matches 50% of the employee's annual contributions for
the first 4% of the employee's gross wages. Employees vest in the Company
contributions after two years of service. Company matching contributions
amounted to $0.5 million, $0.5 million and $0.6 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. The Company provides additional retirement benefits for certain
key executives through its unfunded defined contribution Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan. The charge to expense for this plan amounted to $0.7 million,
$0.7 million and $0.4 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

10. Shareholders' Equity

Stock Options: The Company has stock option plans authorizing the granting of
both incentive and nonqualified options and other stock rights of up to
4,425,000 shares of common stock to employees and directors. The stock options
issued prior to 2002 vest over a five-year period and are exercisable over a 10
year period commencing from the date of vesting. The Company changed its policy
in 2002 whereby the stock options vest over a five-year period and are
exercisable over a 10 year period commencing from the date of the grant. This
change was not made to stock options already granted.

 A summary of stock option information follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          2004                          2003                          2002
                                                          ----                          ----                          ----
                                                        Weighted-                     Weighted-                     Weighted-
                                                         Average                       Average                       Average
                                                        Exercise                      Exercise                      Exercise
                                           Options        Price        Options          Price         Options         Price
                                          ---------     ---------    -----------     -----------    -----------    ----------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>          <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year          2,046,720     $   23.55      1,976,605     $     23.73      1,902,905    $    23.63
Options granted
 Option price equals market price           363,750         38.44        361,750           22.18        329,250         23.18
 Option price less than market price             --            --         20,000            7.00          4,000          5.00
                                          ---------     ---------      ---------     -----------      ---------    ----------
Total options granted                       363,750         38.44        381,750           21.38        333,250         22.96
Exercised                                  (706,880)        22.93       (169,015)          17.29        (99,580)        15.43
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                       <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>              <C>          <C>
Forfeited                                   (43,150)        26.72       (142,620)          27.64       (159,970)        26.02
                                          ---------     ---------      ---------     -----------      ---------    ----------
Outstanding at end of year                1,660,440     $   26.97      2,046,720     $     23.55      1,976,605    $    23.73
                                          =========     =========      =========     ===========      =========    ==========

Exercisable at end of year                  772,440                    1,114,028                      1,060,140
Available for future grant                  454,030                      774,870                      1,004,500
Weighted-average value of options granted
 during the year                                        $   19.87                    $     13.71                   $    12.75
  Option price equals market price                          19.87                         13.25                        12.69
  Option price less than market price                          --                          23.89                        20.97
</TABLE>

As of January 1, 2005, the Company had the following outstanding options:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Weighted-           Weighted-
                       Options          Average             Average            Options
Exercise Price       Outstanding     Exercise Price      Remaining Life      Exercisable
- --------------       -----------     --------------      --------------      ------------
<S>                  <C>             <C>                 <C>                 <C>
$3.69 to $ 5.00           27,500     $         4.43                4.79            27,340
$7.00 to $11.16           33,400               8.36                7.86            17,400
$11.63 to $16.50          43,940              14.98                5.36            40,520
$17.81 to $25.50         749,620              21.84                8.84           388,140
$26.63 to $38.80         805,980              33.94                9.84           299,040
</TABLE>

Notes Receivable - Common Stock: In 1995, the Company established the Executive
Loan Program under which certain management employees could then obtain
interest-free loans from the Company to facilitate their exercise of stock
options and payment of the related income tax liabilities. Such loans, limited
to 90% of the exercise price plus related tax liabilities, have a five-year
maturity, subject to acceleration for termination of employment or death of the
employee. Such loans are classified as a reduction of shareholders' equity. The
Company changed its policy in 2002 such that management employees may no longer
obtain such loans.

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): At the end of the year the
components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      January 1,     January 3,
                                         2005          2004
                                      ---------     -----------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>
Net unrealized loss on derivatives    $    (177)    $    (1,001)
Minimum pension liability
 adjustment, net of tax                    (704)           (246)
Unrealized loss on marketable
 securities                              (1,095)             --
Foreign currency translation
 adjustment                               5,649          (1,795)
                                      ---------     -----------
  Total                               $   3,673     $    (3,042)
                                      =========     ===========
</TABLE>

Preferred Stock: The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to
time of preferred stock in one or more series with such designations,
preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and optional or other
special rights as the Board may fix by resolution. In connection with the Rights
Plan, the Board of Directors has reserved, but not issued, 200,000 shares of
preferred stock.

Rights Plan: In December 1995, the Company adopted a shareholder rights plan
providing for a dividend distribution of one preferred share purchase right for
each share of common stock outstanding on and after December 15, 1995. The
rights can be exercised only if an individual or group acquires or announces a
tender offer for 15% or more of the Company's common stock. If the rights first
become exercisable as a result of an announced tender offer, each right would
entitle the holder to buy 1/200th of a share of a new series of preferred stock
at an exercise price of $67.50. Once an individual or group acquires 15% or more
of the Company's common stock, each right held by such individual or group
becomes void and the remaining rights will then entitle the holder to purchase a
number of common shares having a market value of twice the exercise price of the
right. If the attempted takeover succeeds, each right will then entitle the
holder to purchase a number of the acquiring Company's common shares having a
market value of twice the exercise price of the right. After an individual or
group acquires 15% of the Company's common stock and before they acquire 50%,
the Company's Board of Directors may exchange the rights in whole or in part, at
an exchange ratio of one share of common stock or 1/100th of a share of a new
series of preferred stock per right. Before an individual or group acquires 15%
of the Company's common stock, or a majority of the Company's Board of Directors
are removed by written consent, whichever occurs first, the rights are
redeemable for $0.01 per right at the option of the Company's Board of
Directors. The Company's Board of Directors is authorized to reduce the 15%
threshold to no less than 10%. Each right will expire on December 15, 2005,
unless earlier redeemed by the Company or if the rights plan is extended or
renewed by the Board of Directors of the Company.

11. Income Taxes

Federal, state, and foreign income tax expense (benefit) consists of the
following (in thousands):

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  2004       2003        2002
                                -------    -------     -------
<S>                             <C>        <C>         <C>
Current:
 Federal                        $ 6,656    $10,346     $  (527)
 State                            1,196        339         249
 Foreign                          6,880      4,402       5,110
                                -------    -------     -------
Subtotal                         14,732     15,087       4,832
Deferred:
 Federal and State                3,087     (6,897)      2,987
 Foreign                          1,411        439      (2,408)
                                =======    =======     =======
Subtotal                          4,498     (6,458)        579
                                -------    -------     -------
Provision for income taxes      $19,230    $ 8,629     $ 5,411
                                =======    =======     =======
</TABLE>

Domestic and foreign income before income taxes is as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   2004        2003      2002
                                 --------    -------    -------
<S>                              <C>         <C>        <C>
Domestic                         $ 28,115    $ 6,808    $ 6,542
Foreign and Minority Interest      27,296     17,160      8,489
                                 --------    -------    -------
Income before income taxes       $ 55,411    $23,968    $15,031
                                 ========    =======    =======
</TABLE>

A reconciliation between income taxes computed on income before income taxes at
the federal statutory rate and the provision for income taxes is provided below
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           2004         2003          2002
                                         --------     ---------     --------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>           <C>
Tax expense at statutory
 rate of 35%                             $ 19,394     $   8,389     $  5,259
State and local taxes (benefit),
 net of federal tax benefit                   777           220          162
Foreign income tax
 rate differential                         (1,846)         (611)         179
Foreign losses for which no
 tax benefit is available                     759            --           34
Valuation allowance                           753            --           --
Other, net                                   (607)          631         (223)
                                         --------     ---------     --------
Provision for income taxes               $ 19,230     $   8,629     $  5,411
                                         ========     =========     ========
</TABLE>

Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effects of temporary differences
between the financial reporting bases and the tax bases of the Company's assets
and liabilities. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and
liabilities at January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004, are as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2004       2003
                                             --------    -------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>
Deferred tax liabilities
Tax depreciation and amortization
 in excess of book                           $  4,765    $ 1,572
Foreign                                         2,893         --
Other                                             511      1,340
                                             --------    -------
Total deferred tax liabilities                  8,169      2,912
Deferred tax assets
Accrued expenses                               14,475     16,224
Foreign tax credit carryforwards                2,994      2,782
AMT credit carryforwards                           --      1,002
Foreign net operating loss carryforwards        5,706      2,666
                                             --------    -------
Gross deferred tax assets                      23,175     22,674
Less: Valuation allowance                      (6,523)    (2,666)
                                             ========    =======
Total deferred tax assets                      16,652     20,008
                                             --------    -------
Net deferred tax assets                      $  8,483    $17,096
                                             ========    =======
</TABLE>

The deferred tax asset valuation allowance is related to deferred tax assets
from foreign net operating losses and a capital loss expected from a
non-controlled foreign investment. The net operating loss carryforwards expire
between 2005 and 2011. The foreign tax credit carryforwards expire in 2013. A
deferred tax asset relating to a net operating loss from an acquired group of
companies has not been recorded since the amount cannot be reasonably estimated
between a range of zero and $15.0 million. The Company paid income taxes of
approximately $11.2 million, $2.7 million and $5.8 million in 2004, 2003 and
2002, respectively. U.S. income taxes were not provided for on a cumulative
total of approximately $43.3 million of undistributed earnings for certain
non-U.S. subsidiaries as of January 1, 2005, and accordingly, no deferred tax
liability has been established relative to these earnings. The determination of
the deferred tax liability associated with the distribution of these earnings is
not practicable.
<PAGE>

12. Business Segment Information

The Company designs, manufactures and sells circuit protection devices
throughout the world. The Company has three reportable geographic segments: the
Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The circuit protection market in these
geographical segments is categorized into three major product areas: electronic,
automotive and electrical. The Company evaluates the performance of each
geographic segment based on its net income or loss. The Company also accounts
for intersegment sales as if the sales were to third parties.

The Company's reportable segments are the business units where the revenue is
earned and expenses are incurred. The Company has subsidiaries in the Americas,
Europe and Asia-Pacific where each region is measured based on its sales and
operating income or loss.

Information concerning the operations in these geographic segments for the
fiscal years ended 2004, 2003 and 2002 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Asia-     Combined                           Consolidated
                                  Americas     Europe     Pacific     Total    Corporate  Eliminations      Total
                                 ----------  ----------  ---------  ---------- ---------  ------------  ------------
<S>                              <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>           <C>
Revenues                   2004  $  234,835  $  129,137  $ 136,270  $  500,242  $     --   $        --   $  500,242
                           2003     167,417      61,098    110,895     339,410        --            --      339,410
                           2002     148,047      51,233     83,987     283,267        --            --      283,267

Intersegment revenues      2004     137,611      58,376     28,718     224,705        --      (224,705)          --
                           2003      70,882      54,742     21,443     147,067        --      (147,067)          --
                           2002      62,022      47,213     17,696     126,931        --      (126,931)          --

Interest expense, net      2004       1,668        (175)        (2)      1,491        --            --        1,491
                           2003       2,068         (25)         2       2,045        --            --        2,045
                           2002       2,450          19        184       2,653        --            --        2,653

Depreciation and           2004      14,308       8,239      1,312      23,859     2,441            --       26,300
amortization               2003      16,442       1,541      2,350      20,333       768            --       21,101
                           2002      13,256       2,853      2,028      18,137       767            --       18,904

Other expense              2004      (2,106)      1,466        729          89        --            --           89
(income), net              2003        (728)         91        705          68        --            --           68
                           2002      (1,385)       (888)       520      (1,753)       --            --       (1,753)

Income tax                 2004      11,589       3,092      4,549      19,230        --            --       19,230
expense                    2003       4,326       1,022      3,281       8,629        --            --        8,629
                           2002       3,583       1,764         64       5,411        --            --        5,411

Net income (loss)          2004      23,598        (772)    15,643      38,469    (2,441)           --       36,028
                           2003       5,306         869      9,932      16,107      (768)           --       15,339
                           2002       2,626       3,235      8,270      14,131    (4,511)           --        9,620

Identifiable assets*       2004     344,277     264,523     64,828     673,628        --      (248,319)     425,309
                           2003     356,871      33,637     47,798     438,306        --      (126,736)     311,570
                           2002     286,348      32,908     45,079     364,335        --       (86,857)     277,478

Capital expenditures, net  2004      15,766       2,908      3,405      22,079        --            --       22,079
                           2003      12,157       1,954        (70)     14,041        --            --       14,041
                           2002       9,256      (2,516)     1,620       8,360        --            --        8,360
</TABLE>

*Corporate assets have been reclassified to Americas for prior periods.
Reconciling items primarily consist of intercompany balances.

The Company's revenues by product areas for the years ended January 1, 2005,
January 3, 2004 and December 28, 2002, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Revenues                 2004       2003      2002
- --------              ----------  ---------  ----------
<S>                   <C>         <C>        <C>
Electronic            $  325,627  $ 206,523  $  150,838
Automotive               114,736     98,327      98,235
Electrical                59,879     34,560      34,194
                      ----------  ---------  ----------
Consolidated total    $  500,242  $ 339,410  $  283,267
                      ==========  =========  ==========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue.

13. Lease Commitments

The Company leases certain office and warehouse space under non-cancelable
operating leases, as well as certain machinery and equipment. Rental expense
under these leases was approximately $4.5 million in 2004, $3.4 million in 2003
and $2.6 million in 2002. Future minimum payments for all non-cancelable
operating leases with initial terms of one year or more at January 1, 2005, are
as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                          <C>
2005                         $  4,371
2006                            2,221
2007                            1,560
2008                            1,084
2009                              764
2010 and thereafter               684
                             --------
Total lease commitments      $ 10,684
                             ========
</TABLE>

The Company did not have any capital leases as of January 1, 2005.

14. Earnings per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except
per share amounts)                2004      2003      2002
- ------------------------------  --------  --------  --------
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>
Numerator:
 Net income                     $ 36,028  $ 15,339  $  9,620
                                ========  ========  ========
Denominator:
 Denominator for basic
 earnings per share-
  Weighted-average shares         22,239    21,881    21,858

Effect of dilutive securities:
 Employee stock options              365       123       113
                                --------  --------  --------
Denominator for diluted
 earnings per share-
  Adjusted weighted-
   average shares and
   assumed conversions            22,604    22,004    21,971
Basic earnings per share        $   1.62  $   0.70  $   0.44
                                --------  --------  --------
Diluted earnings per share      $   1.59  $   0.70  $   0.44
                                ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>

Options to purchase 362,500, 1,376,122 and 1,434,718 shares of common stock were
outstanding at January 1, 2005, January 3, 2004, and December 28, 2002,
respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share because the effect of including such options would have been
anti-dilutive.

Selected Financial Data
(in thousands, except per share data)

Five Year Summary

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                2004*     2003**    2002      2001      2000
                              --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
<S>                           <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Net sales                     $500,242  $339,410  $283,267  $272,149  $371,920
Gross profit                   178,954   104,426    88,623    85,592   150,648
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Operating income                  56,991    26,081    15,931     8,540    61,748
Net income                        36,028    15,339     9,620     4,070    37,298
Net income per share - Diluted      1.59      0.70      0.44      0.19      1.69

Net working capital               98,470    62,120    59,181    62,486    74,503
Total assets                     425,309   311,570   277,478   272,272   274,378
Long-term debt                     1,364    10,201    20,252    30,402    41,397
</TABLE>

* Results include Heinrich. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information.

** Results include Teccor. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information.

Quarterly Results of Operations (unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  2004                                      2003
                                 4Q*         3Q*       2Q*        1Q         4Q**      3Q**       2Q        1Q
                               --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                            <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
Net sales                      $124,139   $135,926   $128,759   $111,418   $101,963   $94,696   $72,789   $69,962
Gross profit                     43,700     49,961     45,488     39,805     29,688    27,786    23,894    23,078
Operating income (loss)           6,892     18,376     15,981     15,742      7,459     7,069     6,322     5,231
Net income (loss)                 4,828     11,250     10,344      9,606      4,191     4,073     3,852     3,223
Net income (loss) per share:
 Basic                             0.21       0.50       0.47       0.44       0.19      0.19      0.18      0.15
 Diluted                           0.21       0.49       0.46       0.43       0.19      0.19      0.18      0.15
</TABLE>

Sales and margins were down in the fourth quarter of 2004 partly due to slower
North American distributor sales. In the fourth quarter of 2004 the Company also
recorded a non tax-deductible charge of $2.2 million to impair a portion of the
Semitron investment acquired in 2002. Operating margins were also unfavorably
impacted by higher operating expenses related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
compliance as well as increased consulting, marketing and legal costs.

* Results include Heinrich. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information. Heinrich gross profit has been reduced by $600
and $1,309 in Q3 2004 and Q2 2004, respectively, to reflect reclassifications
between cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses to
conform to 4Q 2004 presentation.

** Results include Teccor. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information.

Quarterly Stock Prices

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          2004                                      2003
           4Q         3Q        2Q       1Q         4Q         3Q         2Q       1Q
         -----      -----     -----     -----      -----      -----      -----    -----
<S>      <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>
High     40.19      41.48     44.05     37.81      30.12      27.19      23.06    19.02
Low      31.45      32.60     36.24     28.56      23.00      21.79      17.47    16.86
Close    34.16      35.49     42.13     37.20      28.69      22.33      21.66    17.82
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>c93143exv14w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CODE OF ETHICS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 14.1

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.

          CODE OF ETHICS FOR PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICERS

      Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company") seeks to promote ethical conduct in its
financial management and reporting. As a public company, it is essential that
the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are accurate,
complete and understandable. The principal executive and financial officers of
the Company hold an essential role in this process. This Code of Ethics applies
to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer and controller of the Company and other employees of the
Company performing similar functions as well as any other employee of the
Company who may be designated by the Board of Directors from time to time as
being subject to this Code of Ethics (each, a "Senior Officer").

      1. Each Senior Officer shall:

      (i)   Act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or apparent
            conflicts of interest in personal and professional relationships.

      (ii)  Provide the Board of Directors with information that is accurate,
            complete, timely and understandable.

      (iii) Comply with all laws, rules and regulations of federal, state and
            local governments and regulatory agencies.

      (iv)  Act in good faith with due care, competence and diligence, without
            allowing his or her independent judgment or conduct to be improperly
            influenced.

      (v)   Proactively promote ethical behavior within the Company.

      (vi)  Promote responsible use of and control over all Company assets and
            resources.

      (vii) Provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable information
            in all reports and documents filed with, or submitted to, the
            Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental entity
            and in any other public communication made by the Company.

      (viii) Promptly report any violations of this Code of Ethics to the
            Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

      2.    Violations of this Code of Ethics may subject a Senior Officer to
            disciplinary action, ranging from a reprimand to dismissal and
            possible criminal prosecution.

      3.    Each Senior Officer shall certify each year that he or she has not
            violated this Code of Ethics and is not aware of any violation of
            this Code of Ethics by any other Senior Officer that has not been
            reported to the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of
            Directors.

      4.    This Code of Ethics may be amended by the Board of Directors.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>c93143exv21w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 21.1

                                  SUBSIDIARIES

Littelfuse, S.A. de C.V.
Littelfuse do Brasil Ltda.
Littelfuse da Amazonia, Ltda.
Watseka LF, Inc.
Teccor Electronics, Inc.
Teccor Delaware, Inc.
Littelfuse GP, Inc.
Littelfuse I L.P.
Teccor Electronics Mexico Holdings LLC
Teccor de Mexico s. de. R.L. de C.V.
Wickmann USA, Inc.

Littelfuse, B.V.
Littelfuse, A.G.
Littelfuse Limited
Littelfuse Ireland Development Co., Ltd.
Littelfuse Ireland Limited
Littelfuse U.K. Ltd.
Littelfuse Ireland Holding Ltd.
REMPAT Holding B.V.
REMPAT Financial B.V.
Littelfuse Holding GmbH
Littelfuse GmbH
Heinrich Industrie, A.G.
H.I. Verwaltungs GmbH
Wickmann Group, GmbH
H.I. Immobilien Management GmbH
Wickmann-Werke GmbH
Wilhelm PUDENZ GmbH
EFEN Gmbh
EFEN Polska Sp. Z.o.o.
EFEN Kasposvar Hungaria
Swithgear Systems, Ltd.
Wickman Components, Ltd.
Littelfuse Europe Holding, B.V.
Littelfuse Far East Pte Ltd.
Littelfuse HK Limited
Suzhou Littelfuse OVS Ltd.
Littelfuse KK
Littelfuse Triad Inc.
Littelfuse Phils Inc.
Littelfuse S&L, Inc.
Dongguan EFEN Electrical Products Co.
Dongguan Wickmann Electrical Products Co.
Motherson PUDENZ Wickmann Ltd.
Wickmann Asia Ltd.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>c93143exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
of Littelfuse, Inc. of our reports dated March 11, 2005, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements of Littelfuse, Inc., Littelfuse, Inc.'s
management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
of Littelfuse, Inc., included in the 2004 Annual Report to Shareholders of
Littelfuse, Inc.

Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of Littelfuse, Inc.
listed in Item 15(a). This schedule is the responsibility of Littelfuse, Inc.'s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In
our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered
in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly
in all material respects the information set forth therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
on Form S-8 (File Nos. 33-55942, 33-64442, 33-95020, 333-03260 and 333-64285) of
Littelfuse, Inc. of our reports dated March 11, 2005, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements and schedule of Littelfuse, Inc., Littelfuse,
Inc.'s management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting of Littelfuse, Inc., incorporated by reference in the preceding
paragraph with respect to the financial statement schedule in this Annual Report
(Form 10-K) for the year ended January 1, 2005.

Chicago, Illinois
March 16, 2005                                          /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>c93143exv31w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>302 CERTIFICATION OF GORDON HUNTER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1

                            SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

I, Gordon Hunter, certify that:

   1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse Inc.;

   2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

   3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

   4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over
         financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
         15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

            (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
            disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
            supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
            registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
            to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
            period in which this report is being prepared;

            (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
            caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
            under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
            reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
            statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
            accepted accounting principles;

            (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
            controls procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
            about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
            as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
            evaluation; and

            (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
            control over financial reporting that occurred during the
            registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
            fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
            affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
            registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

<PAGE>

   5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

            (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
            design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
            which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
            ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
            information; and

            (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
            other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
            internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: March 17, 2005

                                        /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                        -------------------------
                                        Gordon Hunter
                                        Chairman, President & CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>c93143exv31w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>302 CERTIFICATION OF PHILIP FRANKLIN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2

                            SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

I, Philip G. Franklin, certify that:

   1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse Inc.;

   2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

   3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

   4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over
         financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
         15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:

            (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
            disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
            supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
            registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
            to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
            period in which this report is being prepared;

            (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
            caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
            under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
            reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
            statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
            accepted accounting principles;

            (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
            controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
            about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
            as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
            evaluation; and

            (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
            control over financial reporting that occurred during the
            registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (registrant's fourth fiscal
            quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
            affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
            registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

<PAGE>

   5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

            (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
            design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
            which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
            ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
            information; and

            (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
            other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
            internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: March 17, 2005

                                        /s/ Philip G. Franklin
                                        -------------------------
                                        Philip G. Franklin
                                        Vice President, Operations
                                        Support & CFO

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>c93143exv32w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 32.1

                                Littelfuse, Inc.

    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
                             18 U.S.C. Section 1350

      Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a)
      and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each
      of the undersigned officers of Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company") does
      hereby certify that to his knowledge:

      The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 1, 2005 of the
      Company (the "Form 10-K") fully complies with the requirements of section
      13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the
      information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material
      respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
      Company.

      /s/ GORDON HUNTER                 /s/ PHILIP FRANKLIN
      ------------------------------     ------------------------------
      Chairman, President and            Vice President, Operations Support and
      Chief Executive Officer            Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
