-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 UvBC8KlcAFO3Ik1UDq+PvQNO2ZeAr4jln8KeyeatMVexxP9OuDOUDIN9ZCxjG7c7
 baDV/6OvFJ833EYwihPT8Q==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950137-06-003163.txt : 20060316
<SEC-HEADER>0000950137-06-003163.hdr.sgml : 20060316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060316165027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-06-003163
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITTELFUSE INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SWITCHGEAR & SWITCHBOARD APPARATUS [3613]
		IRS NUMBER:				363795742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20388
		FILM NUMBER:		06692600

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7088241188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E. NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c03417e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                       Securities and Exchange Commission
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

     [X]            Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                   for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 or
     [ ]          Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                        for the transition period from to

                         Commission file number 0-20388

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          Delaware                                        36-3795742
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

800 East Northwest Highway,
Des Plaines, Illinois                                       60016
(Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)

                                  847/824-1188
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock,
$.01 par value

    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filter and large accelerated filter" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
(Check one): Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [X] Non-accelerated
filer [ ]

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

    The aggregate market value of 22,453,183 shares of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $624,647,551 based on the
last reported sale price of the registrant's Common Stock as reported on The
Nasdaq Stock Market on July 2, 2005.

    As of February 24, 2006, the registrant had outstanding 23,574,266 shares of
Common Stock.

    Portions of the following documents have been incorporated herein by
reference to the extent indicated herein:

Littelfuse, Inc. Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the "Proxy Statement") --Part III. Littelfuse, Inc. Annual Report to
Stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2005 (the "Annual Report to
Stockholders") -- Parts II and III.



<PAGE>



                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company" or "Littelfuse") is the world's leading supplier
of circuit protection products for the electronics industry. The Company
provides the broadest line of circuit protection solutions to worldwide
customers. The Company is also the leading provider of circuit protection for
the automotive industry and the third largest producer of electrical fuses in
North America.

The Company serves customers in three major product areas of the circuit
protection market: electronic, automotive and electrical. In the electronic
market, the Company supplies leading manufacturers such as Alcatel, Celestica,
Compaq, Delta, Flextronics, Fuji, GE, HP, Huawei, Hughes, IBM, Intel, Jabil,
Legend, LG, Matsushita, Motorola, Nokia, Palm, Quanta, Samsung, Sanmina-SCI,
Sanyo, Selectron, Siemens, Sony and Toshiba. In the automotive market, the
Company's customers include major automotive manufacturers in North America,
Europe and Asia such as BMW, DaimlerChrysler, Ford Motor, General Motors, Honda
Motor, Hyundai and Toyota. The Company also supplies wiring harness
manufacturers and auto parts suppliers worldwide, including Alcoa Fujikawa, Auto
Zone, Delphi, Lear, Pep Boys, Siemens VDO and Yazaki. In the electrical market,
the Company supplies representative customers such as Abbott, Carrier, Dow
Chemical, DuPont, GE, General Motors, Heinz, International Paper, John Deere,
Lithonia Lighting, Marconi, Merck, Otis Elevator, Poland Springs, Procter &
Gamble, Rockwell and 3M. See "Business Environment: Circuit Protection Market."

The Company manufactures many of its products on fully integrated manufacturing
and assembly equipment. The Company maintains product quality through a Global
Quality Management System with all manufacturing sites certified under ISO
9001:2000. In addition, several of the Littelfuse manufacturing sites are also
certified under TS 16949 and ISO 14001.

The Company's products are sold worldwide through a direct sales force and
manufacturers' representatives. For the year ended December 31, 2005,
approximately 59.8% of the Company's net sales were to customers outside the
United States (exports and foreign operations).

References herein to "2003" or "fiscal 2003" refer to the fiscal year ended
January 3, 2004. References herein to "2004" or "fiscal 2004" refer to the
fiscal year ended January 1, 2005. References herein to "2005" or "fiscal 2005"
refer to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005.

The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are currently
available free of charge through the "Investor Relations" section of the
Company's Internet website (http://www.littelfuse.com) as soon as practicable
after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission as well as on the website maintained by the
SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT: CIRCUIT PROTECTION MARKET

The Company serves customers in three major product areas of the circuit
protection market: electronic, automotive and electrical. Net sales by product
area for the periods indicated are as follows:


                             FISCAL YEAR
                           (IN THOUSANDS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    2005           2004          2003
                -----------    -----------   -----------
<S>             <C>            <C>           <C>
Electronic      $   305,870    $   325,617   $   206,523
Automotive          118,595        113,690        98,327
Electrical           42,624         37,526        34,560
                -----------    -----------   -----------
  Total         $   467,089    $   476,833   $   339,410
                ===========    ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS

Electronic circuit protection products are used to protect circuits in a
multitude of electronic systems. The Company's product offering includes a
complete line of overcurrent and overvoltage solutions including: (1) fuses and
protectors, (2) positive temperature coefficient, (PTC) resettable fuses, (3)
varistors, (4) polymer electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors, (5) discrete
transient voltage suppression (TVS) diodes, TVS diode arrays and protection
thyristors, (6) gas discharge tubes, (7) power switching components, and (8)
fuseholders, blocks and related accessories.



                                       2
<PAGE>

Electronic fuses and protectors are devices that contain an element which melts
in an overcurrent condition. Electronic miniature and subminiature fuses are
designed to provide circuit protection in the limited space requirements of
electronic equipment. The Company's fuses are used in a wide variety of
electronic products, including wireless telephones, consumer electronics,
computers, modems and telecommunications equipment. The Company markets these
products under the following trademarked and brand names: PICO(R) II and NANO2
(R) SMF.

Resettables are positive temperature coefficient (PTC) polymer devices that
limit the current when an overcurrent condition exists and then reset themselves
once the overcurrent condition has cleared. The Company's product line offers
both radial leaded and surface mount products.

Varistors are ceramic-based high-energy absorption devices that provide
transient overvoltage and surge suppression for automotive, telecommunication,
consumer electronics and industrial applications. The Company's product line
offers both radial leaded and multilayer surface mount products.

Polymer electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors are polymer-based devices that
protect an electronic system from failure due to rapid transfer of electrostatic
charge to the circuit. The Company's PulseGuard(R) line of ESD suppressors is
used in PC and PC peripherals, digital consumer electronics and wireless
applications.

Discrete diodes, diode arrays and protection thyristors are fast switching
silicon semiconductor structures. Discrete diodes protect a wide variety of
applications from overvoltage transients such as ESD, inductive load switching
or lightning, while diode arrays are used primarily as ESD suppressors.
Protection thyristors are commonly used to protect telecommunications circuits
from overvoltage transients such as those resulting from lightning. Applications
include telephones, modems, data transmission lines and alarm systems. The
Company markets these products under the following trademarked brand names:
TECCOR(R), SIDACtor(R) and Battrax(R).

Gas discharge tubes are very low capacitance devices designed to suppress any
transient voltage event that is greater than the breakover voltage of the
device. These devices are primarily used in telecom interface and conversion
equipment applications as protection from overvoltage transients such as
lightning.

Power switching components are used to regulate energy to various type loads
most commonly found in industrial and home equipment. These components are
easily activated from simple control circuits or interfaced to computers for
more complex load control. Typical applications include heating, cooling,
battery chargers and lighting.

In addition to the above products, the Company is also a supplier of fuse
holders (including OMNI-BLOK(R)), fuse blocks and fuse clips primarily to
customers that purchase circuit protection devices from the Company.

AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTS

Fuses are extensively used in automobiles, trucks, buses and off-road equipment
to protect electrical circuits and the wires that supply electrical power to
operate lights, heating, air conditioning, radios, windows and other controls.
Currently, a typical automobile contains 30 to 100 fuses, depending upon the
options installed. The fuse content per vehicle is expected to continue to grow
as more electronic features are included in automobiles. The Company also
supplies fuses for the protection of electric and hybrid vehicles.

The Company is a primary supplier of automotive fuses to United States, Asian
and European automotive OEMs, automotive component parts manufacturers and
automotive parts distributors. The Company also sells its fuses in the
replacement parts market, with its products being sold through merchandisers,
discount stores and service stations, as well as under private label by national
firms. The Company invented and owns most of the U.S. patents related to the
blade type fuse which is the standard and most commonly used fuse in the
automotive industry. The Company's automotive fuse products are marketed under
the following trademarked brand names: ATO(R), MINI(R), MAXI(TM), MIDI(R),
MEGA(TM) and CablePro(TM).

A majority of the Company's North American automotive fuse sales are made to
wire harness manufacturers that incorporate the fuses into their products. The
remaining automotive fuse sales are made directly to automotive manufacturers
and through distributors who in turn sell most of their products to automotive
product wholesalers, such as warehouse distributors, discount stores and service
stations.

The Company has entered into a licensing agreement with Pacific Engineering
Company, Ltd., a Japanese fuse manufacturer, which produces and distributes the
Company's patented MINI(R) fuses to Asian automotive OEMs and wire harness
manufacturers. The Company also licensed its patented MINI(R) and MAXI(TM)
automotive fuse designs to Bussmann, a division of Cooper Industries.



                                       3
<PAGE>

The license with Bussmann expired on May 22, 2005. Bussmann is the Company's
largest domestic competitor. Additionally, see "Business -- Patents, Trademarks
and Other Intellectual Property" and "-- Competition."

ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS

The Company entered the electrical market in 1983 and manufactures and sells a
broad range of low-voltage and medium-voltage circuit protection products to
electrical distributors and their customers in the construction, original
equipment manufacturers ("OEM") and industrial maintenance and repair operations
("MRO") markets.

Power fuses are used to protect circuits in various types of industrial
equipment and circuits in industrial plants, office buildings and residential
units. They are rated and listed under one of many Underwriters' Laboratories
fuse classifications. Major applications for power fuses include protection from
over-load and short-circuit currents in motor branch circuits, heating and
cooling systems, control systems, lighting circuits and electrical distribution
networks.

The Company's POWR-GARD(R) product line features the Indicator(TM) series power
fuse used in both the OEM and MRO markets. The Indicator(TM) technology provides
visual blown fuse indication at a glance, reducing maintenance and downtime on
production equipment. The Indicator(TM) product offering is widely used in motor
protection and industrial control panel applications.

PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

The Company employs scientific, engineering and other personnel to continually
improve its existing product lines and to develop new products at its research
and engineering facilities in Des Plaines, Illinois, Irving, Texas, Swindon, UK,
Witten and Dunsen, Germany and Dundalk, Ireland. The Product Technology
Department maintains a staff of engineers, chemists, material scientists and
technicians whose primary responsibility is the design and development of new
products.

Proposals for the development of new products are initiated primarily by sales
and marketing personnel with input from customers. The entire product
development process ranges from several months to 18 months based on complexity
of development with continuous efforts to reduce the development cycle. During
fiscal years 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Company expended $16.7 million, $16.1
million and $8.7 million, respectively, on product design and development.

PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Company generally relies on patent and trademark laws and license and
nondisclosure agreements to protect intellectual property and proprietary
products. In cases where it is deemed necessary by management, key employees are
required to sign an agreement that they will maintain the confidentiality of the
Company's proprietary information and trade secrets. This information, for
business reasons, is not disclosed to the public.

As of December 31, 2005, the Company owned 150 patents in North America, 76
patents in the European Economic Community and 30 patents in other foreign
countries. The Company has also registered trademark protection for certain of
its brand names and logos. The 150 North American patents are in the following
product categories: 112 electronic, 24 automotive, 14 electrical fuse.

New products are continually being developed to replace older products. The
Company regularly applies for patent protection on such new products. Although
in the aggregate the Company's patents are important in the operation of its
businesses, the Company believes that the loss by expiration or otherwise of any
one patent or group of patents would not materially affect its business.

The Company granted a license covering the MINI(R) fuse technology to Pacific
Engineering Company, Ltd., a Japanese manufacturer that produces and distributes
the Company's patented automotive fuses to Asian-based automotive OEMs and wire
harness manufacturers. The license provides the Company with royalties of 2.5%
of the licensee's revenues from the sale of the licensed products, with an
annual minimum of $50,000. This license expires on April 16, 2006.

The Company licensed its MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) automotive fuse technology to
Bussmann, a division of Cooper Industries and the Company's largest domestic
competitor. The license granted in 1989 is nonexclusive and grants the Company
the right to receive royalties of 4% of the licensee's revenues from the sale of
the licensed products. This license expired on May 22, 2005.

License royalties amounted to $0.5 million, $0.5 million and $0.4 million for
fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.



                                       4
<PAGE>

MANUFACTURING

The Company performs the majority of its own fabrication and stamps some of the
metal components used in its fuses, holders and switches from raw metal stock
and makes its own contacts and springs. In addition, the Company fabricates
silicon wafers for certain applications and performs its own plating (silver,
nickel, zinc, tin and oxides). All thermoplastic molded component requirements
used for such products as the ATO(R), MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) fuse product lines
are met through the Company's in-house molding capabilities.

After components are stamped, molded, plated and readied for assembly, final
assembly is accomplished on fully automatic and semi-automatic assembly
machines. Quality assurance and operations personnel, using techniques such as
Statistical Process Control, perform tests, checks and measurements during the
production process to maintain the highest levels of product quality and
customer satisfaction.

The principal raw materials for the Company's products include copper and copper
alloys, heat resistant plastics, zinc, melamine, glass, silver, raw silicon,
solder and various gases. The Company depends upon a sole source for several
heat resistant plastics and zinc. The Company believes that suitable alternative
heat resistant plastics and zinc are available from other sources at prices that
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. All of the other raw
materials are purchased from a number of readily available outside sources.

A computer-aided design and manufacturing system (CAD/CAM) expedites product
development and machine design and our laboratories test new products, prototype
concepts and production run samples. The Company participates in "Just-in-Time"
delivery programs and with many of its major suppliers and actively promotes the
building of strong cooperative relationships with its suppliers by utilizing
Early Supplier Involvement techniques and involving them in pre-engineering
product and process development.

MARKETING

The Company's domestic sales and marketing staff of over 50 people maintains
relations with major OEMs and distributors. The Company's sales, marketing and
engineering personnel interact directly with the OEM engineers to ensure
appropriate circuit protection and reliability within the parameters of the
OEM's circuit design. Internationally, the Company maintains a sales and
marketing staff of over 80 people and sales offices in The Netherlands, the
U.K., France, Germany, Spain, Ireland, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Brazil, Hong
Kong, Korea and China. The Company also markets its products indirectly through
a worldwide organization of over 62 manufacturers' representatives and
distributes through an extensive network of electronic, automotive and
electrical distributors.

ELECTRONIC

The Company retains manufacturers' representatives to sell its electronic
products and to call on major domestic and international OEMs and distributors.
The Company distributes approximately one-fourth of its domestic products
directly to OEMs, with the remainder sold through distributors nationwide.

In the Asia-Pacific region, the Company maintains a direct sales staff and
utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors in Japan, Singapore,
Korea, Taiwan, China, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia,
Philippines, New Zealand and Australia. In Europe, the Company maintains a
direct sales force and utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors
to support a wide array of customers.

AUTOMOTIVE

The Company maintains a direct sales force to service all the major automotive
OEMs (including the United States manufacturing operations of foreign-based
OEMs) through both the engineering and purchasing departments of these
companies. Twenty-two manufacturers' representatives represent the Company's
products to aftermarket fuse retailers such as Autozone and Pep Boys. In Europe,
the Company uses both a direct sales force and manufacturers' representatives to
distribute its products to BMW, Volvo, Saab, Jaguar and other OEMs, as well as
aftermarket distributors. In the Asia-Pacific region, the Company has licensed
its automotive fuse technology to a Japanese firm, which supplies the majority
of the automotive fuses to the Japanese customers in the region, including
Toyota, Honda and Nissan.

ELECTRICAL

The Company markets and sells its power fuses through manufacturers'
representatives across North America. These representatives sell power fuse
products through an electrical distribution network comprised of approximately
1,600 distributor buying locations.




                                       5
<PAGE>
These distributors have customers that include electrical contractors,
municipalities, utilities and factories (including both MRO and OEM).

The Company's field sales force (including regional sales managers and
application engineers) and manufacturers' representatives call on both
distributors and end-users (consulting engineers, municipalities, utilities and
OEMs) in an effort to educate these customers on the capabilities and
characteristics of the Company's products.

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company has three reportable geographic business segments: Americas, Europe
and Asia-Pacific. For information with respect to the Company's operations in
its three geographic areas for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, see
Business Segment Information included as part of "Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data"- incorporated herein by reference.

CUSTOMERS

The Company sells to over 10,000 customers worldwide. No single customer
accounted for more than 10% of net sales during the last three years. During the
2005, 2004 and 2003 fiscal years, net sales to customers outside the United
States (exports and foreign operations) accounted for approximately 59.8%, 58.5%
and 55.9%, respectively, of the Company's total net sales.

COMPETITION

The Company's products compete with similar products of other manufacturers,
some of which have substantially greater financial resources than the Company.
In the electronics market, the Company's competitors include AVX, Bel Fuse,
Bourns, Cooper Electronics, EPCOS, Raychem Division of TYCO International, San-O
Industrial Corp., and STMicroelectronics. In the automotive market, the
Company's competitors, both in sales to automobile manufacturers and in the
aftermarket, include Bussmann Division of Cooper Industries and MTA in Italy.
The Company licenses several of its automotive fuse designs to Bussmann. In the
electrical market, the Company's major competitors include Cooper Bussmann and
Ferraz Shawmut. The Company believes that it competes on the basis of innovative
products, the breadth of its product line, the quality and design of its
products and the responsiveness of its customer service in addition to price.

BACKLOG

The backlog of unfilled orders at December 31, 2005, was approximately $68.5
million, compared to $49.0 million at January 1, 2005. Substantially all of the
orders currently in backlog are scheduled for delivery in 2006.

EMPLOYEES

As of December 31, 2005, the Company employed 5,646 persons. Approximately 35
employees in the U.S., 1,430 employees in Mexico, 113 employees in Ireland and
423 employees in Germany are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The
U.S. agreement expires on March 31, 2008 for 35 employees, the Mexico agreement
expired February 28, 2006 for 1,430 employees, the Ireland agreement expires
December 31, 2006 for 113 employees, and the Germany agreement expired February
28, 2006 for 337 employees and June 30, 2007 for 86 employees. Overall, the
Company has historically maintained satisfactory employee relations and many of
its employees have long experience with the Company.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION

The Company is subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations relating
to air and water quality, the disposal of hazardous waste materials, safety and
health. Compliance with applicable environmental regulations has not
significantly changed the Company's competitive position, capital spending or
earnings in the past and the Company does not presently anticipate that
compliance with such regulations will change its competitive position, capital
spending or earnings for the foreseeable future. The Company employs an
environmental engineer to monitor regulatory matters and believes that it is
currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental
laws and regulations, except with respect to its facilities located in Ireland
and Irving, Texas. The Ireland facility was acquired in October 1999 in
connection with the acquisition of the Harris suppression products division.
Certain containment actions have been ongoing and full disclosure with
appropriate agencies in Ireland has been initiated. The Company received an
indemnity from Harris Corporation with respect to these matters. The Irving,
Texas facility lease was assumed in July 2003 in connection with the acquisition
of Teccor Electronics, Inc. The Company is taking the appropriate measures to
bring this facility into compliance with Texas environmental laws, and the
Company also received an indemnity from Invensys plc

                                       6
<PAGE>


with respect to this matter. Heinrich Industries, AG ("Heinrich"), acquired by
the Company in May 2004, is responsible for maintaining coal mine shaft
entrances and is compliant with German regulations pertaining to the maintenance
of the mines.


ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to
various risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors we have identified
below. These factors are not necessarily listed in order of importance. We may
amend or supplement the risk factors from time to time by other reports that we
file with the SEC in the future.

Our Industry is Subject to Intense Competitive Pressures

We operate in markets that are highly competitive. We compete on the basis of
price, quality, service and/or brand name across the industries and markets we
serve. Competitive pressures could affect prices we charge our customers or
demand for our products.

We may not always be able to compete on price, particularly when compared to
manufacturers with lower cost structures, especially those with more significant
offshore facilities located where labor and other costs are lower than ours.
Some of our competitors have substantially greater sales, financial and
manufacturing resources and may have greater access to capital than Littelfuse.
As other companies enter our markets or develop new products, competition may
intensify further. Our failure to compete effectively could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We granted a license covering the MINI(R) fuse technology to Pacific
Engineering Company, Ltd., a Japanese manufacturer that produces and
distributes the Company's patented automotive fuses to Asian-based automotive
OEMs and wire harness manufacturers. This license expires on April 16, 2006.

We May be Unable to Manufacture and Deliver Products in a Manner that is
Responsive to Our Customers' Needs

The end markets for our products are characterized by technological change,
frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changes in customer
requirements and emerging industry standards. The introduction of products
embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could
render our existing products obsolete and unmarketable before we can recover any
or all of our research, development and commercialization expenses on capital
investments. Furthermore, the life cycles of our products may change and are
difficult to estimate.

Our future success will depend upon our ability to manufacture and deliver
products in a manner that is responsive to our customers' needs. We will need to
develop and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely basis
that keep pace with technological developments and emerging industry standards
and address increasingly sophisticated requirements of our customers. We invest
heavily in research and development without knowing that we will recover these
costs. Our competitors may develop products or technologies that will render our
products non-competitive or obsolete. If we cannot develop and market new
products or product enhancements in a timely and cost-effective manner, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected.

Our Business May be Interrupted by Labor Disputes or Other Interruptions of
Supplies

A work stoppage could occur at certain of our facilities, most likely as a
result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor
unions, or in connection with negotiations of new collective bargaining
agreements. In addition, we may experience a shortage of supplies for various
reasons, such as financial distress, work stoppages, natural disasters or
production difficulties that may affect one of our suppliers. A significant work
stoppage, or an interruption or shortage of supplies for any reason, if
protracted, could substantially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Our Revenues May Vary Significantly from Period to Period

Our revenues may vary significantly from one accounting period to another due to
a variety of factors. Some of the principal factors that contribute to these
fluctuations may be: changes in our customers' buying decisions; changes in
demand for our products; our product mix; our effectiveness in managing
manufacturing processes; costs and timing of our component purchases; the
effectiveness of our inventory control; the degree to which we are able to
utilize our available manufacturing capacity; our ability to meet delivery
schedules; general economic and industry conditions; and local conditions and
events that may affect our production volumes, such as labor conditions and
political instability.



                                       7
<PAGE>

Our Ability to Manage Currency or Commodity Price Fluctuations or Shortages is
Limited

As a resource-intensive manufacturing operation, we are exposed to a variety of
market and asset risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. We have multiple sources of
supply for each of our major commodity requirements. However, significant
shortages that disrupt the supply of raw materials or price increases could
affect prices we charge our customers, our product costs, and the competitive
position of our products and services. We monitor and manage these exposures as
an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the
unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects
on our results. Nevertheless, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity
prices and interest rates cannot always be predicted. In addition, because of
intense price competition and our high level of fixed costs, we may not be able
to address such changes even if they are foreseeable. Substantial changes in
these rates and prices could have a substantial adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. For additional discussion of interest rate,
currency or commodity price risk, see "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risks."

The Bankruptcy or Insolvency of a Major Customer Could Adversely Affect Us

Certain of our major customers, such as those in the automotive industry, are
suffering financial hardships. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major customer
could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, the bankruptcy or insolvency of a major U.S.
auto manufacturer likely could lead to substantial disruptions in the automotive
supply base, which likely would have a substantial adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Operations and Supply Sources Located Outside the United States, Particularly in
Emerging Markets, Are Subject to Increased Risks

Our operating activities outside the United States contribute significantly to
our revenues and earnings. Serving a global customer base and remaining
competitive in the global market place may require that we place more production
in countries other than the United States, including emerging markets, to
capitalize on market opportunities and maintain a cost-efficient structure. In
addition, we source a significant amount of raw materials and other components
from third-party suppliers or joint-venture operations in low-cost countries.
Our operations outside the United States could be disrupted by a natural
disaster, labor strike, war, political unrest, terrorist activity or public
health concerns. Operations outside the United States are also subject to
certain regulatory and economic uncertainties including trade barriers and
restrictions on the exchange and fluctuations of currency. As a result, we may
experience disruptions at these operations that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We Engage in Acquisitions and May Encounter Difficulties in Integrating These
Businesses

We are a company that, from time to time, seeks to grow through strategic
acquisitions. We have in the past acquired a number of businesses or companies
and additional product lines and assets. We intend to continue to expand and
diversify our operations with additional acquisitions. The success of these
transactions depends on our ability to integrate the assets and personnel
acquired in these transactions. We may encounter difficulties in integrating
acquisitions with our operations and may not realize the degree or timing of the
benefits that we anticipated from an acquisition.

We Have Closed, Combined, Sold or Disposed of Certain Subsidiaries, Divisions or
Assets, Which in the Past Has Reduced Our Sales Volume and Resulted in
Restructuring Costs

We are a company that, from time to time, seeks to optimize its manufacturing
capabilities and efficiencies through restructurings, consolidations, plant
closings or asset sales. We may make further specific determinations to
consolidate, close or sell additional facilities. Possible adverse consequences
related to such actions may include various accounting charges such as for idle
capacity, disposition costs, severance costs, impairments of goodwill and
possibly an immediate loss of revenues, and other items in addition to normal or
attendant risks and uncertainties. We may be unsuccessful in any of our current
or future efforts to restructure or consolidate our business. Our plans to
minimize or eliminate any loss of revenues during restructuring or consolidation
may not be achieved. These activities may have a material adverse effect upon
our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Environmental Liabilities Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Position

Federal, state and local laws and regulations impose various restrictions and
controls on the discharge of materials, chemicals and gases used in our
manufacturing processes or in our finished goods. These environmental
regulations have required us to expend a portion of our resources and capital on
relevant compliance programs. Under other laws and regulations, we could be held
financially responsible for remedial measures if our current or former
properties are contaminated or if we send waste to a landfill or recycling
facility that becomes contaminated, even if we did not cause the contamination.
We may be subject to additional common law claims if we release substances that
damage or harm third parties. In addition, future changes in environmental laws
or regulations may



                                       8
<PAGE>

require additional investments in capital equipment or the implementation of
additional compliance programs in the future. Any failure to comply with new or
existing environmental laws or regulations could subject us to significant
liabilities and could have material adverse effects on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

In the conduct of our manufacturing operations, we have handled and do handle
materials that are considered hazardous, toxic or volatile under federal, state
and local laws. The risk of accidental release of such materials cannot be
completely eliminated. In addition, we operate or own facilities located on or
near real property that was formerly owned and operated by others. Certain of
these properties were used in ways that involved hazardous materials.
Contaminants may migrate from or within or through property. These releases or
migrations may give rise to claims. Where third parties are responsible for
contamination, the third parties may not have funds, or not make funds available
when needed, to pay remediation costs imposed upon us under environmental laws
and regulations.

We have an accrual related to coal mine shafts. The accrual is based on an
engineering study estimating the present value of the cost of future
occurrences related to the coal mine shafts (such as a shaft collapse) and the
probability of such occurrences. Actual amounts incurred could differ from the
amount accrued.

We Derive a Substantial Portion of Our Revenues from Customers in the
Automotive, Computer and Communications Industries, and We are Susceptible to
Trends and Factors Affecting Those Industries as Well as the Success of Our
Customers' Products

Net sales to the automotive, computer and communications industries represent a
substantial portion of our revenues. Factors negatively affecting these
industries and the demand for products also negatively affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse occurrence, including
industry slowdown, recession, political instability, costly or constraining
regulations, armed hostilities, terrorism, excessive inflation, prolonged
disruptions in one or more of our customers' production schedules or labor
disturbances, that results in significant decline in the volume of sales in
these industries, or in an overall downturn in the business and operations of
our customers in these industries, could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, the
automotive industry is highly cyclical in nature and sensitive to changes in
general economic conditions, consumer preferences and interest rates. In
addition, the global automotive industry has overall manufacturing capacity far
exceeding demand. To the extent that demand for certain of our customers'
products decline, the demand for our products may decline. Reduced demand
relating to general economic conditions, consumer preferences, interest rates or
industry over capacity may have a material adverse effect upon our business,
financial condition or results of operations.

Inability to Maintain Access to Capital Markets May Adversely Affect Our
Business and Financial Results

Our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and
refinance maturing debt obligations may require access to the capital markets
and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. If we are
unable to access the capital markets or bank credit facilities, we could
experience a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

Fixed Costs May Reduce Operating Results if Our Sales Fall Below Expectations

Our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations for future sales.
Many of our expenses, particularly those relating to capital equipment and
manufacturing overhead, are relatively fixed. We might be unable to reduce
spending quickly enough to compensate for reductions in sales. Accordingly,
shortfalls in sales could materially and adversely affect our operating results.

The Volatility of Our Stock Price Could Affect the Value of an Investment in Our
Stock and Our Future Financial Position

The market price of our stock has fluctuated widely. Between January 2, 2005 and
December 31, 2005, the closing sale price of our common stock ranged between a
low of $21.44 and a high of $33.59, experiencing greater volatility over that
time than most of the market did. The volatility of our stock price may be
related to any number of factors, such as general economic conditions, industry
conditions, analysts' expectations concerning our results of operations, or the
volatility of our revenues as discussed above under "--Our Revenues May Vary
Significantly from Period to Period." The historic market price of our common
stock may not be indicative of future market prices. We may not be able to
sustain or increase the value of our common stock. Declines in the market price
of our stock could adversely affect our ability to retain personnel with stock
incentives, to acquire businesses or assets in exchange for stock and/or to
conduct future financing activities with or involving our common stock.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

                                       9
<PAGE>

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

LITTELFUSE FACILITIES

The Company's operations are located in 36 owned or leased facilities worldwide,
representing an aggregate of approximately 1,962,545 square feet. The U.S.
headquarters and largest manufacturing facility are located in Des Plaines,
Illinois, supported by the Company's North American distribution center in
nearby Elk Grove Village, Illinois. The Company has additional North American
manufacturing facilities in Arcola, Illinois, Irving, Texas and two plants in
Mexico. The European headquarters and primary European distribution center is in
the Netherlands, with manufacturing plants in the U.K., Ireland, and Germany.
Asian operations include sales and distribution centers located in Singapore,
Taiwan, Japan, China and Korea, with manufacturing plants in China and the
Philippines. The Company does not believe that it will encounter any difficulty
in renewing its existing leases upon the expiration of their current terms.
Management believes that the Company's facilities are adequate to meet its
requirements for the foreseeable future.

The following table provides certain information concerning the Company's
facilities:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         LEASE
                                                              SIZE           LEASE/      EXPIRATION
      LOCATION                           USE                  (SQ.FT.)        OWN        DATE            PRIMARY PRODUCT
      ---------                    -------------------        ---------      -----       ----------      ---------------
<S>                                <C>                        <C>            <C>         <C>             <C>
      Des Plaines, Illinois        Administrative,            340,000         Owned       --              Auto, Electronic,
                                   Engineering,                                                           Electrical
                                   Manufacturing,
                                   Testing and Research
      Elk Grove Village, Illinois  Warehousing                183,317         Leased      2007            Auto, Electronic,
                                                                                                          and Electrical
      Irving, Texas                Engineering,               101,000         Leased      2014            Electronic
                                   Manufacturing,
                                   Testing and Research
      Brownsville, Texas           Distribution               15,750          Leased      2009            Electronic
      Birmingham, Michigan         Sales                      2,076           Leased      2011            Auto
      Matamoros, Mexico            Manufacturing              77,500          Leased      2007            Electronic
      Matamoros, Mexico            Administrative,            14,000          Leased      2007            Electronic
                                   Manufacturing
      Arcola, Illinois             Manufacturing              36,000          Owned       --              Electrical
      Arcola, Illinois             Tech Support               7,000           Leased      2007            Electrical
      Piedras Negras, Mexico       Administrative,            99,822          Leased      2015            Auto
                                   Manufacturing
      Piedras Negras, Mexico       Warehousing                2,500           Leased      2006            Electrical
      Piedras Negras, Mexico       Manufacturing              11,189          Leased      2007            Electrical

      Piedras Negras, Mexico       Manufacturing              22,380          Leased      2006            Electrical
      Piedras Negras, Mexico       Manufacturing              67,225          Leased      2008            Electrical
      Redditch, U.K.               Sales                      450             Leased      2006            Electronic
      Swindon, U.K.                Manufacturing              55,000          Owned       --              Electronic
      Utrecht, the Netherlands     Sales,                     34,642          Owned       --              Auto
                                   Administrative and                                                     and Electronic
                                   Distribution
      Witten, Germany              Administrative             83,682          Owned       --              Auto, Electronic,
                                                                                                          Electrical
      Dunsen, Germany              Manufacturing, Sales       43,971          Owned       --              Auto
      Eltville, Germany            Manufacturing, Sales       88,943          Owned       --              Electrical
      Uebigau, Germany             Manufacturing              72,054          Owned       --              Electrical
      Witten, Germany              Manufacturing, Sales       185,152         Owned       --              Electronic
      Singapore                    Sales and Distribution     34,875          Leased      2006            Electronic
</TABLE>


                                       10
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         LEASE
                                                              SIZE           LEASE/      EXPIRATION
      LOCATION                           USE                  (SQ.FT.)        OWN        DATE            PRIMARY PRODUCT
      ---------                    -------------------        ---------      -----       ----------      ---------------
<S>                                <C>                        <C>            <C>         <C>             <C>
      Seoul, Korea                 Sales                      4,589           Leased      2006            Electronic
                                                                                                          and Auto
      Lipa City, Philippines       Manufacturing              58,095          Owned       --              Electronic
      Lipa City, Philippines       Manufacturing              22,721          Leased      2007            Electronic
      Dongguan, China              Administrative,            53,860          Leased      2009            Electronic
                                   Manufacturing
      Suzhou, China                Manufacturing              80,732          Owned       --              Electronic
      Suzhou, China                Manufacturing              12,390          Leased      2007            Electronic
      Hong Kong, China             Sales                      2,000           Leased      2006            Electronic
      Hong Kong                    Sales                      3,545           Leased      2006            Electronic
      Taipei, Taiwan               Sales                      1,184           Leased      2007            Electronic
      Yokohama, Japan              Sales                      6,243           Leased      2007            Electronic
      Yokohama, Japan              Distribution               17,858          Leased      2007            Electronic
      Sao Paulo, Brazil            Sales                      800             Leased      2006            Electronic
                                                                                                          and Auto
      Dundalk, Ireland             Manufacturing              120,000         Owned       --              Electronic
                                                                                                          and Auto
</TABLE>



Properties with lease expirations in 2006 renew at various times throughout the
year. At this point, the Company does not anticipate any material impact as a
result of such expirations.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is not a party to any legal proceedings that it believes will have a
material adverse effect upon the conduct of its business or its financial
position.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There were no matters submitted to the Company's stockholders during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2005.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The executive officers of the Company are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                                               AGE                             POSITION
- ----                                               ---                             --------
<S>                                                <C>   <C>
Gordon Hunter...................................    54   Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer

Kenneth R. Audino(1)............................    62   Vice President, Organizational Development and Total Quality
                                                         Management


Philip G. Franklin..............................    54   Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial
                                                         Officer


Dal Ferbert.....................................    51   Vice President and General Manager of the Electrical
                                                         Business Unit

David W. Heinzmann..............................    42   Vice President and General Manager of the Automotive
                                                         Business Unit

David R. Samyn..................................    45   Vice President and General Manager of the Electronics
                                                         Business Unit

Elizabeth C. Calhoun............................    44   Vice President, Human Resources

Mary S. Muchoney................................    60   Corporate Secretary
</TABLE>

                                       11
<PAGE>
(1) Retired March 1, 2006.
Officers of Littelfuse are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the
discretion of the Board.

Gordon Hunter was elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
Company and President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2005. Mr.
Hunter served as Chief Operating Officer of the Company from November 2003 to
January 2005. Mr. Hunter has been a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company since June 2002, where he has served as Chairman of the Technology
Committee. Prior to joining Littelfuse, Mr. Hunter was employed with Intel
Corporation, where he was Vice President, Intel Communications Group, and
General Manager, Optical Products Group, responsible for managing the access and
optical communications business segments, from 2002 to 2003. Mr. Hunter was CEO
for Calmar Optcom during 2001. From 1997 to 2002, he also served as a Vice
President for Raychem Corporation, His experience includes 20 years with Raychem
Corporation in the United States and Europe, with responsibilities in sales,
marketing, engineering and general management.

Kenneth R. Audino, Vice President, Organizational Development and Total Quality
Management, is responsible for the Company's overall quality, reliability and
environmental compliance, quality systems and Des Plaines product evaluation
laboratories. As of March 1, 2006, Mr. Audino retired from the position of Vice
President, Organizational Development and Total Quality Management. Mr. Audino
joined Littelfuse as a Control Technician in 1964. From 1964 to 1977, he
progressed through several quality and reliability positions to Manager of
Reliability and Standards. In 1983, he became Managing Director of the European
Headquarters and later was named Corporate Director of Quality Assurance and
Reliability. He was promoted to his current position in 1998.

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial
Officer, has responsibility for investor relations, accounting, information
systems and global supply chain functions of the Company. Mr. Franklin joined
the Company in 1998 from OmniQuip International, a $450 million construction
equipment manufacturer which he helped take public.

Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical Business Unit,
is responsible for the management of daily operations, sales, marketing and
strategic planning efforts of the Electrical Business Unit (POWR-GARD Products).
Mr. Ferbert joined the Company in 1976 as a member of the electronic distributor
sales team. From 1980 to 1989 he served in the Materials Management Department
as a buyer and then Purchasing Manager. In 1990, he was promoted to National
Sales Manager of the Electrical Business Unit and then promoted to his current
position in 2004.

David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager, Automotive Business
Unit, is responsible for marketing, sales, product development and manufacturing
for all automotive customers and products. Mr. Heinzmann began his career at the
Company in 1985, and possesses a broad range of experience within the
organization. He has held positions as a Manufacturing Manager, Quality Manager,
Plant Manager and Product Development Manager. Mr. Heinzmann also served as
Director of Global Operations of the Electronics Business Unit from early 2000
through 2003.

David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics Business Unit, is
responsible for marketing, sales, product development and manufacturing for all
electronics customers and products. Mr. Samyn joined the Company's management
team in January 2003 as General Manager of the Electronics Business Unit. Prior
to joining the Company, Mr. Samyn served as Vice President - Global Sales with
Airfiber, Inc., an optical wireless telecom company in San Diego, CA from 2001
to 2003. Before that, Mr. Samyn spent five years with ADC Telecommunications
where he took on global sales and marketing responsibilities.

Elizabeth Calhoun, Vice President, Human Resources, has responsibility for the
worldwide human resource function. Ms. Calhoun joined the Company in November
2004 with over seventeen years of experience in human resources. Prior to
joining Littelfuse, she was Director of Human Resources - Home Services for
Sears Roebuck and Company in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, from 2002 to 2004. Ms.
Calhoun's career also includes human resources management positions with Pepsi
Bottling Group, Inc. from 1995 to 2002.

Mary S. Muchoney has served as Corporate Secretary since 1991, after joining
Littelfuse in 1977. She is responsible for providing all secretarial and
administrative functions for the President and Littelfuse Board of Directors.
Ms. Muchoney is a member of the American Society of Corporate Secretaries.



                                       12
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information set forth under "Quarterly Stock Prices" on page 39 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. As of
February 24, 2006, there were 162 holders of record of the Company's
Common Stock.

Shares of the Company's Common Stock are traded under the symbol "LFUS" on The
Nasdaq Stock Market.

The Company has not paid any cash dividends in its history. Future dividend
policy will be determined by the Board of Directors based upon their evaluation
of earnings, cash availability and general business prospects. Currently, there
are restrictions on the payment of dividends contained in the Company's credit
agreements which relate to the maintenance of a minimum net worth and certain
financial ratios.

    The table below provides information with respect to purchases by the
Company of shares of its common stock during each quarter of fiscal 2005:


                      ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Total Number of Shares
                                                                   Purchased as Part of        Maximum Number of Shares
                         Total Number of         Average Price       Publicly Announced       that May Yet Be Purchased
Period                  Shares Purchased        Paid per Share        Plans or Programs     Under the Plans or Programs
<S>                     <C>                     <C>              <C>                        <C>
October 2005                           -                  -                        -                       755,500

November 2005                     27,000             $22.78                   27,000                       728,500


December 2005                     85,000             $26.55                   85,000                       643,500


Total                            112,000             $25.64                  112,000                       643,500
</TABLE>


The Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000
shares under a program for the period May 1, 2005 to April 30, 2006.


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information set forth under "Selected Financial Data - Five Year Summary" on
page 38 of the Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

The information set forth under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 1 through 3 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

The information set forth under "Market Risk" on page 9 of the Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the Consolidated
Financial Statements and notes thereto of the Company set forth on pages 12
through 39 of the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
reference.



                                       13
<PAGE>

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES


DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
December 31, 2005, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures of the Company and concluded that these disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that material information relating to the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries has been made known to them by the
employees of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries during the period
preceding the filing of this Report. There were no significant changes in the
Company's internal controls during the period covered by this Report that could
materially affect these controls or could reasonably be expected to materially
affect the Company's internal control reporting, disclosures and procedures
subsequent to the last day they were evaluated by the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.


MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of Littelfuse is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Littelfuse's internal control system was designed
to provide reasonable assurance to its management and Board of Directors
regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.

Littelfuse's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005 based upon the
framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based upon this
assessment, the Company's management concluded that, as of December 31, 2005,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Littelfuse's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP,
has audited management's assessment of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Their report appears on page 11 of the Company's annual
report to stockholders, which report of Ernst & Young LLP is incorporated herein
by reference.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.


                                       14
<PAGE>

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information set forth under "Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference. Please also refer to the information set forth
under "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this Report. The
Company maintains a code of ethics for its chief executive officer and senior
financial officers and a code of conduct for all of its directors, officers and
associates, which are available for public viewing on the Company's web site
(www.littelfuse.com) under the heading "Investors - Corporate Governance."

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information set forth under "Compensation of Executive Officers" in the
Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference, except for the sections
captioned "Reports of the Compensation Committee on Executive Compensation" and
"Company Performance."

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information set forth under "Ownership of Littelfuse, Inc. Common Stock" in
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

STOCK PLAN DISCLOSURE

The following table represents the Company's equity compensation plans,
including both stockholder approved plans and non-stockholder approved plans.
The section entitled "Compensation of Directors" in the Proxy Statement contains
a summary explanation of the Stock Plan for New Directors of Littelfuse, Inc.,
which has been adopted without the approval of stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                    NUMBER OF SECURITIES                          REMAINING AVAILABLE
                                      TO BE ISSUED UPON       WEIGHTED-AVERAGE    FOR FUTURE ISSUANCE
                                         EXERCISE OF         EXERCISE PRICE OF        UNDER EQUITY
           PLAN CATEGORY             OUTSTANDING OPTIONS   OUTSTANDING OPTIONS    COMPENSATION PLANS
           -------------             -------------------   -------------------    ------------------
<S>                                  <C>                   <C>                    <C>
Equity compensation plans
  approved by security holders            1,809,360               $  27.68              80,530
Equity compensation plans not
  approved by security holders               10,000               $  23.48              15,000
Total                                     1,819,360               $  27.66              95,530
</TABLE>


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information set forth under "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"
in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information set forth under "Audit and Non-Audit Fees" in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to the
Company's auditors and the Audit Committee's pre-approval policies can be found
under the caption "Report of the Audit Committee" in the Proxy Statement which
is incorporated herein by reference.


                                       15
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) Financial Statements and Schedules

    (1)   Financial Statements. The following financial statements included in
          the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
          reference.

    (i)   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (pages 12-13).

    (ii)  Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2005 and January 1, 2005
          (page 14).

    (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31,
          2005, January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004 (page 15).

    (iv)  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
          2005, January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004 (page 16).

    (v)   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended
          December 31, 2005, January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004 (page 17).

    (vi)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (pages 18-39).

    (2)   Financial Statement Schedules. The following financial statement
          schedule is submitted herewith for the periods indicated therein.

    (i)   Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

    All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
    regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under
    the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been
    omitted.

    (3)   Exhibits

    See Exhibit Index on pages 19-20.

(b) Exhibits

    See Exhibit Index on pages 19-20.

(c) Financial Statement Schedules

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the
related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted.


                                       16
<PAGE>



                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    ADDITIONS
                                                   CHARGED TO
                                      BALANCE AT   COSTS AND                    BALANCE AT
                                      BEGINNING     EXPENSES    DEDUCTIONS        END OF
             DESCRIPTION               OF YEAR        (A)           (B)            YEAR
- -----------------------------------  ------------  --------     -----------    -----------
<S>                                   <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Year ended December 31, 2005
  Allowance for losses on
   accounts receivable............    $  1,481     $ 1,206       $    522      $  2,165
                                      ========     =======       ========      ========
  Reserves for sales discounts
   and allowances.................    $  8,538     $ 1,200       $     --      $  9,738
                                      ========     =======       ========      ========
Year ended January 1, 2005
  Allowance for losses on
   accounts receivable............    $  1,042     $   591       $    152      $  1,481
                                      ========     =======       ========      ========
  Reserves for sales discounts
   and allowances.................    $  6,428     $ 2,112       $      2      $  8,538
                                      ========     =======       ========      ========
Year ended January 3, 2004
  Allowance for losses on
   accounts receivable............    $  1,067     $    50       $     75      $  1,042
                                      ========     =======       ========      ========
  Reserves for sales discounts
   and allowances.................    $  6,263     $   165       $     --      $  6,428
                                      ========     =======       ========      ========
</TABLE>


(A) Allowance for losses on accounts receivable includes acquired balances of
$123 for Heinrich and $50 for Teccor in fiscal year 2004 and 2003, respectively.

(B) Write-off of uncollectible accounts, net of recoveries and foreign currency
translation.



                                       17
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                        Littelfuse, Inc.

                                        By /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Gordon Hunter,
                                           Chairman of the Board of Directors,
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 16, 2006

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 16, 2006.


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>

      /s/ Gordon Hunter                                               Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and
- ---------------------------------------------                         Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
Gordon Hunter


    /s/ John P. Driscoll                                              Director
- ---------------------------------------------
John P. Driscoll

      /s/ Anthony Grillo                                              Director
Anthony Grillo

      /s/ Bruce A. Karsh                                              Director
- ---------------------------------------------
Bruce A. Karsh

      /s/ John E. Major                                               Director
- ---------------------------------------------
John E. Major

    /s/ Ronald L. Schubel                                             Director
- ---------------------------------------------
Ronald L. Schubel


     /s/ Howard B. Witt                                               Director
- ---------------------------------------------
Howard B. Witt


   /s/ Philip G. Franklin                                             Vice President, Operations Support and
- ---------------------------------------------                         Chief Financial Officer
Philip G. Franklin                                                    (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer)
</TABLE>



                                       18
<PAGE>
                                 LITTELFUSE INC.
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NUMBER                                                 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- ------                                                 ----------------------
<S>       <C>
  3.1     Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date (filed as 3.1 to the Company's Form 10K for the fiscal year ended
          January 3, 1998 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  3.1A    Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
          dated December 1, 1995 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  3.2     Bylaws, as amended to date (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 29, 2002
          (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.1    Employment Agreement dated as of August 8, 2003, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Howard B. Witt (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the
          Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2003 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein
          by reference).

  10.2    Patent License Agreement, dated as of July 28, 1995, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Pacific Engineering Company, Ltd.(filed
          as exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 1996 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
          incorporated herein by reference).

  10.3    MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) License Agreement, dated as of June 21, 1989, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Cooper Industries, Inc.
          (filed as exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Form 10 effective September 16, 1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
          herein by reference).

  10.4    Patent License Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1987, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Cooper Industries, Inc. (filed as
          exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Form 10 effective September 16, 1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
          reference).

  10.5    1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., as amended (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form
          10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.6    Littelfuse, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year
          ended December 31, 1993 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.7    Littelfuse Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors, as amended (filed as exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form
          10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.8    Littelfuse Executive Loan Program (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June
          30, 1995 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.9    Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of November 3, 2003, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Gordon Hunter (filed as
          exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended January 3, 2004 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
          incorporated herein by reference (other executives named in this Form 10-K but not listed in this Exhibit Index as having
          a Change of Control Employment Agreement are parties to agreements substantially similar to this agreement)).

  10.10   Form of Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1, 2001, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Mr. Franklin
          and Ms. Muchoney (filed as exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2001
          (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.11   Form of Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1, 2001, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Mr. Kenneth
          Audino (filed as exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2001 (1934 Act File
          No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

</TABLE>



                                       19
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>       <C>

  10.12   Stock Plan for New Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
          period ended July 2, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.13   Bank credit agreement among Littelfuse, Inc., as borrower, the lenders named therein and the Bank of America N.A., as
          agent, dated as of August 26, 2003 (filed as exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
          September 27, 2003 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388 and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.14   Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., as amended (filed as exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q
          for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.15   Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan dated January 1, 1992, as amended and restated (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the Company's
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.16   First Amendment to the Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan (filed as exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 28, 2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.17   Littelfuse, Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan (filed as exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          December 31, 1992 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.18   First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated as of December 31, 2004, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Howard B. Witt (filed
          as exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
          and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.19   Consulting Agreement dated as of January 1, 2005, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Howard B. Witt (filed as exhibit 10.19
          to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein
          by reference).

  10.20   Letter Agreement dated November 8, 2004, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Kenneth R. Audino (filed as exhibit 10.20
          to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein
          by reference).

  10.21   Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of November 8, 2004, between Littelfuse, Inc. and Elizabeth Calhoun (filed
          as exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
          incorporated herein by reference).

  10.22   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1993 Stock Plan For Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. for
          employees of the Company (filed as exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2004 (1934
          Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.23   Form of Specimen Performance Shares Agreement under the 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc.
          (filed as exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388)
          and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.24   Form of Specimen Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of
          Littelfuse, Inc. for non-employee directors of the Company (filed as exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Form 10-K for the
          annual period ended January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  10.25   Summary of Executive Officer Compensation.

  10.26   Summary of Director Compensation.

  10.27   Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and Agreement for Deferred Compensation between Littelfuse, Inc. and
          Gordon Hunter.

  13.1    Portions of Littelfuse Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005.

  14.1    Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Financial Officers (filed as exhibit 14.1 to the Company's Form 10-K for the
          annual period ended January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

  21.1    Subsidiaries.

  23.1    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

  31.1    Certification of Gordon Hunter, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  31.2    Certification of Philip Franklin, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  32.1    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
</TABLE>



                                       20


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.25
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>c03417exv10w25.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUMMARY OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.25


                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
                    SUMMARY OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION

         The compensation of executive officers of Littelfuse, Inc. (the
"Company") primarily consists of three variable components: base salary, a
potential cash bonus under the Company's annual incentive compensation program,
and stock options or other awards under the 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and
Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Stock Plan").

SALARIES

         The base salaries for Mr. Gordon Hunter, the Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and each of the other four
most highly compensated executive officers of the Company named below (the
"Other Executive Officers"), effective July 1, 2005, are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                                         BASE SALARY
<S>                                                                                              <C>
Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer                                      $525,000

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial Officer                  $293,500

David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics Business Unit                          $247,200

David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager, Automotive Business Unit                    $195,000

Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical Business Unit                           $173,500
</TABLE>


ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM

         The minimum, target and maximum amounts to be awarded under the annual
incentive compensation program for fiscal year 2006 for Mr. Hunter and each of
the Other Executive Officers, subject to achievement of financial objectives of
the Company and individual performance objectives, are as follows:


<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.25


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                                          MINIMUM, TARGET AND
                                                                                              MAXIMUM AMOUNTS AS A
                                                                                               PERCENTAGE OF BASE
                                                                                                    SALARY
<S>                                                                                           <C>
Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer                                   0, 50 & 100%

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial Officer                0, 40 & 80%

David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics Business Unit                        0, 40 & 80%

David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager, Automotive Business Unit                  0, 40 & 80%

Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical Business Unit                         0, 40 & 80%
</TABLE>

STOCK PLAN AWARDS

         Annual awards of options relating to fiscal year 2006 have not yet been
determined. The annual awards of options to purchase shares of Common Stock of
the Company relating to fiscal year 2005, granted on May 6, 2005 with an
exercise price of $27.21 per share, under the Stock Plan to Mr. Hunter and each
of the Other Executive Officers are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                                            NUMBER OF SHARES
<S>                                                                                              <C>
Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer                                        60,000

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial Officer                    22,000

David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics Business Unit                            15,000

David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager, Automotive Business Unit                      15,000

Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical Business Unit                             15,000
</TABLE>


         The form of Specimen Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, including
vesting provisions, pursuant to which such awards were made is incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (the "2005 Annual Report").

         Annual grants of restricted stock relating to fiscal year 2006 have not
yet been determined. The Company made its annual grant of shares of restricted
stock relating to fiscal year 2005 on May 6, 2005 pursuant to Performance Shares
Agreements with Mr. Hunter and each of the Other Executive Officers under the
Stock Plan as follows:


<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.25


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                                            NUMBER OF SHARES
<S>                                                                                              <C>
Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer                                         6,000

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial Officer                     5,000

David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics Business Unit                             5,000

David H. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager, Automotive Business Unit                       5,000

Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical Business Unit                              5,000
</TABLE>


         These restricted share awards are subject to the Company attaining
certain financial performance goals relating to return on the net tangible
assets and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of the
Company during the three-year period ending December 31, 2007. The form of
Specimen Performance Shares Agreement pursuant to which such grants were made is
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the 2005 Annual Report.

OTHER BENEFITS

         Each of the officers named above is eligible to participate in the
other employee benefit plans of the Company applicable to executive officers,
including the Company's Retirement Plan, as amended, the 401(k) Savings Plan,
and the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, in accordance with the terms and
conditions of such plans. These officers are also parties to Change of Control
Employment Agreements that, among other things, entitle them to payments upon
severance or upon a change of control of the Company.

         These officers also receive certain personal benefits from the Company,
the value of which is expected to be less than $50,000 for each of such
officers.

NEW PLANS

         On March 1, 2006, the Board of Directors adopted the Littelfuse, Inc.
Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Equity Incentive Plan") and the
Littelfuse, Inc. 2005 Outside Directors' Stock Option Plan (the "Outside
Directors' Plan"), subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company at the
next annual meeting of stockholders. The Equity Incentive Plan and the Outside
Directors' Plan, if approved, will replace the Stock Plan for Employees and
Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., adopted effective December 16, 1991, the 1993
Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., adopted effective
February 12, 1993 (the "Stock Plan"), and the Stock Plan for New Directors of
Littelfuse, Inc., adopted effective June 10, 2002 and no further awards shall be
issued under any of such plans (unless the Equity Incentive Plan or the Outside
Directors' Plan is not approved by the shareholders). Further information
regarding the Equity Incentive Plan and the Outside Directors' Plan can be found
in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 6, 2006.
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.25

WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND

         Each of the plans and agreements mentioned herein or the forms of
awards thereunder are discussed further in the Company's Proxy Statement for
2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and, other than as to salaries and the
Annual Incentive Compensation Program, are filed as exhibits to the Company's
2005 Annual Report, or will be discussed in the Company's Proxy Statement for
2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, each of which can be found on the SEC's
website at www.sec.gov.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.26
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c03417exv10w26.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR COMMENSATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.26


                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
                        SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

         For 2006, directors who are not employees of Littelfuse, Inc. (the
"Company") are paid an annual director's fee of $40,000, $1,500 for each of the
regularly scheduled Board meetings attended and $1,000 for attendance at any
special teleconference Board or Committee meetings, plus reimbursement of
reasonable expenses relating to attendance at meetings. The Lead Director is
paid an additional $7,500 annually, the Chairman of the Audit Committee is paid
an additional $10,000 annually and the Chairman of the Compensation Committee is
paid an additional $5,000 annually. No fees are paid to directors who are also
full-time employees of the Company.

         Under the Littelfuse Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee
Directors (the "Non-employee Directors Plan"), a non-employee director, at his
election, may defer receipt of his director's fees. Such deferred fees are used
to purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock, and such shares and any
distributions thereon are deposited with a third party trustee for the benefit
of the director until the director ceases to be a director of the Company.

         The 1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc.
(the "Stock Plan") provides for a grant at each annual meeting of the Board of
Directors to each non-employee director of non-qualified stock options to
purchase 5,000 shares of Common Stock at the fair market value on the date of
grant.

         The Non-employee Directors Plan and the Stock Plan and the forms of
awards thereunder are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (the "Form 10-K"). These plans and
agreements will be discussed further in the Company's Proxy Statement relating
to the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be incorporated by
reference into this Form 10-K when filed.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.27
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c03417exv10w27.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.27



         On December 20, 2005, Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company") entered into two
material definitive agreements with Gordon Hunter, Chairman of the
Board,President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company ("Hunter"), as
follows:

         Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. This Agreement
increased the exercise price of the stock option (the "Option") granted to
Hunter on November 7, 2003, from $7.00 per share to $26.51 per share, for the
12,000 shares of common stock with respect to which the Option had not yet
vested. The exercise price for the 8,000 shares with respect to which the Option
had already vested was not changed. The purpose of this Agreement was to prevent
the Option from being considered a form of deferred compensation subject to
income tax penalties under ss.409A of the Internal Revenue Code.

         Agreement for Deferred Compensation. This Agreement provides that the
Company will pay to Hunter the amount of $234,120.00 in additional deferred
compensation, payable in three installments of $78,040.00 apiece. The three
installments are payable on November 7, 2006, November 7, 2007, and November 7,
2008, respectively, each of which is a date upon which the Option will vest with
respect to an additional 4,000 shares. Hunter's right to each of the three
installments is conditioned upon his continued employment through the payment
date, but is subject to accelerated vested on the same terms as the Option. The
purpose of this Agreement is to compensate Hunter for the loss in value of the
Option caused by the increase in the exercise price.


                                    SIGNATURE

            Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


                                        LITTELFUSE, INC.

Date:  December 20, 2005                By: /s/ Philip G. Franklin
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Philip G. Franklin
                                            Vice President, Operations
                                            Support and Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c03417exv13w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT  13.1

Littelfuse
2005 Annual Report


Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operation

The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations ("MD&A") is designed to provide the reader with
information that will assist in understanding our consolidated financial
statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from
year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well
as how certain accounting principles affect our consolidated financial
statements. The discussion also provides information about the financial results
of the various segments of our business to provide a better understanding of how
those segments and their results affect the financial condition and results of
operations of Littelfuse as a whole.

FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION

This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated
financial statements and related notes. See "Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements" on page 10 of this report for a description of
important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected
results. See also Item 1, Business, "Risk Factors," in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005.

The following is a summary of sales by geography and market:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          FISCAL YEAR*
                           -------------------------------------------
                               2005             2004             2003
                            --------          -------          -------
<S>                         <C>               <C>              <C>
GEOGRAPHY**
Americas                     $ 199.9         $  216.5         $  167.4
Europe                          98.3             98.3             61.1
Asia Pacific                   168.9            162.0            110.9
                            --------          -------          -------
              TOTAL          $ 467.1         $  476.8         $  339.4
                             =======         ========         ========
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          FISCAL YEAR*
                            ------------------------------------------
                              2005             2004             2003
                            --------          -------          -------
<S>                         <C>               <C>              <C>
MARKET
Electronics                 $  305.9          $ 325.6          $ 206.5
Automotive                     118.6            113.7             98.3
Electrical                      42.6             37.5             34.6
                            --------          -------          -------
              TOTAL         $  467.1          $ 476.8          $ 339.4
                             =======         ========         ========
</TABLE>


*  Amounts exclude Efen Gmbh (`Efen') for 2005 and 2004 since the date of the
   Heinrich acquisition.
** Sales are defined based upon shipped to destination. Segment reporting
   reflects sales based upon origination.


The following discussion provides an analysis of the information contained in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes beginning on page
14 for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2005, January 1, 2005, and
January 3, 2004.

Results of Operations-- 2005 Compared with 2004
Sales decreased 2.0% to $467.1 million in 2005 from $476.8 million in 2004. The
decrease in sales was primarily in the Americas and Europe, with the decrease in
European sales being largely offset by a full year of sales from the Heinrich
Industrie AG ("Heinrich") acquisition included in 2005 sales. Stronger sales in
Asia partially offset lower sales in the Americas and Europe. Within the
Americas, lower electronic sales, mainly due to lower telecom demand, were
partially offset by increased sales of electrical products. European sales were
also lower than the prior year primarily due to lower demand for electronics
products. Sales in Asia were up from the prior year mainly due to increased
demand for electronics products. Electronic sales decreased $19.7 million or 6%
to $305.9 million in 2005 compared to $325.6 million in 2004 primarily due to
decreased demand in the

                                                                               1
<PAGE>

Americas and Europe for telecom product that was partially offset by increased
demand in Asia. Automotive sales increased $4.9 million or 4% to $118.6 million
in 2005 compared to $113.7 million in 2004 primarily due to a full year of sales
from the Heinrich acquisition. Electrical sales increased $5.1 million or 14% to
$42.6 million in 2005 compared to $37.5 million in 2004 due to improvements in
industrial activity and the commercial construction market. International sales
were $279.3 million or 59.8% of net sales in 2005 compared to $278.7 million or
58.5% of net sales in 2004, with sales being increased by $2.9 million of
favorable currency effects in 2005.

Gross profit was $144.6 million or 30.9% of sales in 2005 compared to $173.8
million or 36.4% of sales in 2004. The gross profit margin decrease resulted
from unfavorable leveraging of plant overhead due to lower production volumes,
higher commodity prices and the recognition of $4.9 million of Ireland
restructuring charges in 2005.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $2.4 million to $98.5
million in 2005 from $96.1 million in 2004, primarily due to a full year of
Heinrich expenses that were partially offset by lower administrative costs due
to staff reductions of 83 associates during 2005. As a percentage of sales,
selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 21.1% in 2005 from
20.2% in 2004, primarily due to lower sales. Research and development costs
increased $0.6 million to $16.7 million, representing 3.6% of sales in 2005 as
compared to 3.4% of sales in 2004, reflecting increased investment in new
product development. Total operating expenses, including intangible amortization
and impairments of long-term investments, were 25.2% of sales in 2005, compared
to 24.5% of sales in 2004.

Operating income in 2005 decreased 52.7% to $27.0 million or 5.8% of sales
compared to $57.0 million or 12.0% of sales in the prior year. The decreases in
operating income and operating margin were due to the factors affecting gross
profit margin and operating expenses described above.

Interest expense was $2.1 million in 2005 compared to $1.5 million in 2004 due
to a higher weighted average interest rate in 2005. Other expense (income), net,
consisting of interest income, royalties, gains and losses on investments,
non-operating income and foreign currency items was income, net, of $3.1 million
compared to expense, net, of $0.1 million in the prior year, primarily due to
the recognition of a $1.4 million gain on the sale of the Company's interest in
a wafer fabrication facility in the U.K. in 2005 and Heinrich rental income.

Earnings from continuing operations before minority interest and income taxes
were $27.9 million in 2005 compared to $55.5 million in 2004. Minority interest
income was $0.1 million in 2005, reflecting the minority share ownership in
Heinrich. Income tax expense was $11.4 million in 2005 compared to $19.0 million
in the prior year. Earnings from continuing operations were $16.6 million in
2005 compared to $36.4 million in 2004.

In the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company entered into a contract to sell the
Efen business acquired as part of the Heinrich acquisition in May 2004.
Therefore, the Efen business is accounted for as a discontinued operation that
reported income, net of taxes, of $1.1 million in 2005 compared to a loss, net
of taxes, of $0.3 million in 2004. Net income in the current year was $17.7
million, compared to $36.0 million in the prior year.

The Company's effective tax rate increased to 41.1% in 2005 from 34.1% in 2004,
reflecting the limited tax shield on restructuring charges and repatriation of
earnings from lower tax jurisdictions. Diluted earnings per share were $0.78 in
2005 compared to $1.59 in 2004. The decreases in net income and earnings per
share reflect the lower margins and a higher effective tax rate.


                                                                               2
<PAGE>


Results of Operations-- 2004 Compared with 2003
Sales increased 40.5% to $476.8 million in 2004 from $339.4 million in 2003. The
increase in sales was primarily in the Americas and Asia, driven by increased
demand for electronic products in the Asia region, sales from the Heinrich
Industrie, AG ("Heinrich") acquisition from May 2004 through the end of the
fiscal year and a full year of the Teccor Electronics, Inc. ("Teccor")
acquisition. Electronic sales increased $119.1 million or 58% to $325.6 million
in 2004 compared to $206.5 million in 2003. Excluding sales of Heinrich
products, electronic sales increased $92.8 million or 45% to $299.3 million in
2004 compared to $206.5 million in 2003, primarily due to increased demand in
Asia and a full year of the Teccor acquisition. Automotive sales increased $15.4
million or 16% to $113.7 million in 2004 compared to $98.3 million in 2003
largely due to sales from Heinrich in 2004. Automotive sales excluding Heinrich
increased $5.0 million or 5% to $103.3 million in 2004 compared to $98.3 million
in 2003. Electrical sales increased $2.9 million or 8% to $37.5 million in 2004
compared to $34.6 million in 2003, primarily due to modest improvements in
commercial construction and industrial activity in the North American market.
International sales increased 47.0% to $278.7 million or 58.5% of net sales in
2004 from $189.6 million or 55.9% of net sales in 2003. The increase in
international sales was primarily due to strong demand for electronic products
in Asia, the addition of Heinrich, a full year of Teccor and favorable currency
effects, which contributed four percentage points to the overall sales growth.

Gross profit was $173.8 million or 36.4% of sales in 2004 compared to $104.4
million or 30.8% of sales in 2003. The gross profit margin increase resulted
from cost savings initiatives in manufacturing and purchasing, fixed expense
leverage due to increased plant throughput and the recognition of $3.2 million
of Ireland restructuring charges in 2003.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $27.5 million to $96.1
million in 2004 from $68.6 million in 2003, primarily due to the addition of
Heinrich, a full year of Teccor, increased costs related to complying with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and higher selling related costs due to the increase in
sales. As a percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses
were unchanged in 2004 from 20.2% in 2003. Research and development costs
increased $7.4 million to $16.1 million, representing 3.4% of sales in 2004 as
compared to 2.6% of sales in 2003 reflecting increased investment in new product
development. Impairment of investments reflects the recognition of a non
tax-deductible charge of $2.2 million to impair a portion of the Semitron
investment acquired in 2002. Total operating expenses, including intangible
amortization and impairment of investments, was 24.5% of sales in 2004, compared
to 23.1% of sales in 2003. Total operating expenses, including intangible
amortization but excluding impairment of investments, was 24.0% of sales in
2004, compared to 23.1% of sales in 2003.

Operating income in 2004 increased 118.6% to $57.0 million or 12.0% of sales
compared to $26.1 million or 7.7% of sales in the prior year. The improvements
in operating income and operating margin were primarily due to higher sales and
the associated operating leverage partially offset by the impairment of a
portion of the Semitron investment acquired in 2002.

Interest expense was $1.5 million in 2004 compared to $2.0 million in 2003 due
to a lower weighted average interest rate in 2004. Other expense, net,
consisting of interest income, royalties and foreign currency items was
unchanged at $0.1 million from 2003 to 2004.

Earnings from continuing operations before minority interest and income taxes
were $55.5 million in 2004 compared to $24.0 million in 2003. Minority interest
was $0.1 million in 2004 reflecting the minority share ownership in Heinrich.
Income tax expense was $19.0 million in 2004 compared to $8.6 million in the
prior year. Earnings from continuing operations in the current year were $36.4
million, compared to $15.3 million in the prior year.

The Company's effective tax rate dropped from 36.0% in 2003 to 34.3% in 2004,
reflecting the reduction of reserves related to prior tax years and tax
structuring related to the Heinrich acquisition. Discontinued operations, net of
tax, were a loss of $0.3 million in 2004. Net income in 2004 was $36.0 million,
compared to $15.3 million in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share
increased to $1.59 in 2004 compared to $0.70 in 2003. The increases in net
income and earnings per share reflect the higher 2004 sales, margins and a lower
2004 effective tax rate.


                                                                               3
<PAGE>


Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company has historically financed capital expenditures through cash flows
from operations. Management expects that cash flows from operations and
available lines of credit will be sufficient to support both its operations and
its debt obligations for the foreseeable future.

The Company has a domestic unsecured revolving credit line of $50.0 million. The
revolving line of credit balance becomes due within the next year. At December
31, 2005, the Company had $21.0 million in borrowings against this credit line.
The Company's subsidiary in Japan also has an unsecured credit line of Yen 0.9
billion or an equivalent of $7.6 million. The Yen-based revolving line of credit
balance also becomes due within the next year. At December 31, 2005, the Company
had an equivalent of $3.8 million in borrowings against the Yen facility. The
Company intends to renew these lines of credit upon maturity.

The Company's bank credit agreement requires maintenance of certain financial
ratios and a minimum net worth level. At December 31, 2005, the Company was in
compliance with these covenants. If the Company were to default on any of the
bank agreement debt covenants and were unable to obtain a waiver from the
lenders, the debt would be callable by the lenders. The Company believes that
default of any of the debt covenants is unlikely for the foreseeable future
since it expects the results of operations to be within the minimum levels to
continue to be in compliance with the debt covenants.

The Company started 2005 with $28.6 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $38.1 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities
included $27.2 million in net purchases of property, plant and equipment and
$3.7 million for the acquisition of the remaining Heinrich shares partially
offset by $0.6 million from sales of an investment in LC Fab. Cash provided by
financing activities included net proceeds of notes receivable of $3.5 million
and cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $3.8 million partially
offset by net payments of long-term debt of $6.8 million and the repurchase of
$12.8 million of the Company's common stock. The effect of exchange rate changes
decreased cash by $2.2 million. The net cash provided by operations and
financing activities, less investing activities plus the effect of exchange
rates, resulted in a $6.6 million net decrease in cash. This left the Company
with a cash balance of $21.9 million at the end of 2005.

Increases in net working capital consumed $9.7 million of cash flow in 2005. The
major factors contributing to higher working capital were an increase in
accounts receivable of $11.2 million, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued
expenses of $1.1 million and an increase in prepaid expenses and other of $4.0
million, partially offset by a decrease in inventory of $6.6 million. Net
working capital (working capital less cash, assets held for sale, liabilities
held for sale and the current portion of long-term debt) as a percent of sales
was 20.8% at year-end 2005 compared to 19.0% at year-end 2004 and 18.3% at
year-end 2003. Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable increased to 63
days at year-end 2005 compared to 60 days at year-end 2004 and 50 days at
year-end 2003. The increase was due to longer payment terms for certain
automotive customers, the addition of Heinrich, which has a longer accounts
receivable collection cycle than the base Littelfuse business and the Delphi
bankruptcy in 2005. Days inventory outstanding was 75 days at year-end 2005
compared to 88 days at year-end 2004 and 71 days at year-end 2003. The reduction
in days inventory outstanding in 2005 was due primarily to improved inventory
management.

The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.0 to 1 at year-end 2005
compared to 1.8 to 1 at year-end 2004 and 1.8 to 1 at year-end 2003. The ratio
of long-term debt to equity was 0.0 to 1 at year-end 2005 compared to 0.1 to 1
at year-end 2004 and 0.0 to 1 at year-end 2003.

The Efen business, which is presented as a discontinued operation, did not
contribute significantly to cash from operations in either 2004 or 2005.

The Company started 2004 with $22.1 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $53.0 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities
included $22.0 million in net purchases of property, plant and equipment and
$41.7 million for the acquisition of Heinrich. Cash provided by financing
activities included net proceeds of long-term debt of $3.8 million and cash
proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $16.5 million, partially offset
by the repurchase of $5.6 million of the Company's common stock. The effect of
exchange rate changes increased cash by $2.5 million. The net cash provided by
operations and financing activities, less investing activities plus the effect
of exchange rates, resulted in a $6.5 million net increase in cash. This left
the Company with a cash balance of $28.6 million at the end of 2004.

Increases in net working capital consumed $15.1 million of cash flow in 2004.
Excluding the impact of working capital from the Heinrich acquisition, the major
factors contributing to higher working capital were an increase in accounts
receivable of $6.6 million, an increase in inventory of $4.3 million and a
decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $7.7 million partially
offset by a decrease in prepaid expenses and other of $3.5 million. The 2004
working capital increase was partly due to slower sales near the end of fiscal
year 2004 and severance payments related to the Teccor acquisition. Net working
capital (working capital less cash, assets held for sale, liabilities held for
sale and the current portion of long-term debt) as a percent of sales was 19.0%
at year-end 2004 compared to 18.3% at year-end 2003 and 20.9% at year-end 2002.
The days sales outstanding in accounts receivable increased to 60 days at
year-end 2004 compared to 50 days at year-end 2003 and 54 days at year-end 2002.
The increase was partly due to the addition of Heinrich, which has a longer
accounts receivable collection cycle than the base Littelfuse business. Days
inventory outstanding was 88 days at year-end 2004 compared to 71 days at
year-end 2003 and 88 days at year-end 2002.

The Company's capital expenditures were $27.2 million in 2005, $22.1 million in
2004, and $14.0 million in 2003. The Company expects that capital expenditures
in 2006 will be approximately $25 million. The primary purposes for capital
expenditures in 2006 will be related to new product introductions, capacity
expansion, manufacturing transfers and other cost reduction projects. As in
2005, the Company expects to finance capital expenditures in 2006 through cash
flow from operations.

The Company decreased total debt by $6.8 million in 2005 after increasing debt
by $3.8 million in 2004 and $11.5 million in 2003. The Company repaid $10.0
million of its Senior Notes in 2005 with cash from operations. The Company's
Board of Directors has



                                                                               4
<PAGE>

authorized the Company to repurchase shares of its common stock, from time to
time, depending on market conditions. The Company repurchased 458,000 common
shares for $12.8 million in 2005, 168,400 common shares for $5.6 million in 2004
and did not repurchase any common shares in 2003.


Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

In accordance with the definition under SEC rules, the following qualify as
off-balance sheet arrangements:

o    any obligation under certain guarantees or contracts;

o    a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an
     unconsolidated entity or similar entity or similar arrangement that serves
     as credit, liquidity or market risk support to that entity for such assets;

o    any obligation under certain derivative instruments; and

o    any obligation under a material variable interest held by the registrant in
     an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or
     credit risk support to the registrant, or engages in leasing, hedging or
     research and development services with the registrant.

The following discussion addresses each of the above items for the Company.

On December 31, 2005, the Company was not liable for guarantees of indebtedness
owed by third parties.

As of December 31, 2005, the Company was not directly liable for the debt of any
unconsolidated entity, and the Company does not have any retained or contingent
interest in assets as defined above.

As of December 31, 2005, the Company does not hold any derivative financial
instruments, as defined by FASB Statement No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities, as amended.

As part of the Company's ongoing business, the Company does not participate in
transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or
financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance
or special purpose entities ("SPEs"), which would have been established for the
purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually
narrow or limited purposes. As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Company is not
involved in any unconsolidated SPE transactions.


Contractual Obligations

Achieving optimal returns on cash often involves making long-term commitments.
SEC regulations require that the Company present its contractual obligations,
and the Company has done so in the table that follows. However, the Company's
future cash flow prospects cannot reasonably be assessed based on such
obligations, as the most significant factor affecting its future cash flows is
its ability to earn and collect cash from its customers. Future cash outflows,
whether they are contractual obligations or not, will vary based on the
Company's future needs. Further, normal operations involve significant
expenditures that are not based on "commitments." Examples of such expenditures
include amounts paid for income taxes or for salaries and benefits.

The following table summarizes contractual obligations and commitments, as of
December 31, 2005 (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Payment Due By Period
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         Less than                                     More than
Contractual Obligations                          Total      1 year     1 - 3 years     3 - 5 years       5 years
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>       <C>            <C>           <C>               <C>
Long-term debt obligations                     $26,682     $26,682         $    --         $    --       $    --
Interest payments                                  816         816              --              --            --
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan           1,899          --             160              --         1,739
Operating lease payments                        16,610       4,891           4,283           2,514         4,922
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                          $46,007     $32,389         $ 4,443         $ 2,514       $ 6,661
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 151, "Inventory Costs - An
Amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4." SFAS 151 clarifies
that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and
spoilage should be expensed as incurred and not included as overhead. SFAS 151
also requires that the allocation of fixed production overhead to conversion
costs be based on normal capacity of the production facilities. SFAS 151 must be
applied prospectively beginning January 1, 2006. The adoption of SFAS 151 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123R, "Share-Based Payment,"
replacing SFAS No. 123 and superseding Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion
No. 25.


                                                                               5
<PAGE>

SFAS 123R requires public companies to recognize compensation expense for the
cost of awards of equity compensation effective July 1, 2005. In March 2005, the
Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107,
"Share-Based Payment," which expresses the views of the Staff regarding the
adoption of SFAS No. 123R. In April 2005, the effective date to apply the
provisions of the pronouncement was postponed for public entities to fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2005. The company will adopt SFAS 123R effective
January 1, 2006. The Company estimates that the compensation cost for fiscal
2006 will range between $3.9 million and $4.5 million on a before-tax basis. The
Company's assessment of the estimated compensation charge is affected by the
Company's stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and
subjective variables and the related tax impact. Those variables include, but
are not limited to, the Company's stock price volatility and employee stock
option exercise behaviors. The Company will recognize the compensation cost for
the stock-based awards issued on or after January 1, 2006, using the
straight-line attribution method over the vesting period for the entire award.
The Company will adopt SFAS No. 123R using the modified prospective application
method.



                                                                               6
<PAGE>


Critical Accounting Policies

Certain of the accounting policies as discussed below require the application of
significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate estimates and
assumptions for calculating amounts to record in the financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions, impacting the
reported results of operations and financial position. Significant accounting
policies are more fully described in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain accounting
policies, however, are considered to be critical in that they are most important
to the depiction of the Company's financial condition and results of operations
and their application requires management's subjective judgment in making
estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company
believes the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid in fully
understanding and evaluating its reported financial results, as they require
management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. The Company has reviewed these critical accounting policies and
related disclosures with the Audit Committee of its Board of Directors.


Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: The Company evaluates the collectibility of its
trade receivables based on a combination of factors. The Company regularly
analyzes its significant customer accounts and, when the Company becomes aware
of a specific customer's inability to meet its financial obligations, the
Company records a specific reserve for bad debt to reduce the related receivable
to the amount the Company reasonably believes is collectible. The Company also
records allowances for all other customers based on a variety of factors
including the length of time the receivables are past due, the financial health
of the customer, macroeconomic considerations and historical experience.
Historically, the allowance for doubtful accounts has been adequate to cover bad
debts. If circumstances related to specific customers change, the estimates of
the recoverability of receivables could be further adjusted. However, due to the
Company's diverse customer base and lack of credit concentration, the Company
does not believe its estimates would be materially impacted by changes in its
assumptions.

Credit Memos: The Company evaluates sales activity for credits to be issued on
sales recorded prior to the end of the fiscal year. These credits relate to the
return of inventory, pricing adjustments and credits issued to a customer based
upon achieving prearranged sales volumes. Volume based incentives offered to
customers are based upon the estimated cost of the program and are recognized as
a reduction to revenue as products are sold. However, due to the Company's
customer base, the Company does not believe its estimates would be materially
impacted by changes in its assumptions.


Inventory: The Company performs a detailed assessment of inventory, which
includes a review of, among other factors, demand requirements, product life
cycle and development plans, component cost trends, product pricing and quality
issues. Based on the analysis, the Company records adjustments to inventory for
excessiveness, obsolescence or impairment when appropriate to reflect inventory
at net realizable value. Historically, inventory reserves have been adequate to
reflect inventory at net realizable values. Revisions to inventory adjustments
may be required if actual demand, component costs or product life cycles differ
from estimates. However, due to the Company's diverse product lines and end user
markets, the Company does not believe its estimates would be materially impacted
by changes in its assumptions.

Goodwill and Other Intangibles: The Company determined the fair value of each of
its reporting units by using a guideline company method to estimate market
value. A valuation multiple is derived for each business segment from
transactions involving companies similar to the Company. That multiple is
applied to an EBITDA of each segment to estimate the market value of that
segment. In making these estimates, the Company considered the markets it was
addressing, the competitive environment and its advantages. The Company
determined that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded their
carrying amounts and, therefore, no goodwill impairment existed. The Company
will continue to perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and on an
interim basis, if certain conditions exist. Factors the Company considers
important, which could result in changes to its estimates, include
underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results
and declines in acquisition and trading multiples. Due to the diverse end user
base and non-discretionary product demand, the Company does not believe its
future operating results will vary significantly relative to its historical and
projected future operating results.

Long-Lived Assets: The Company evaluates long-lived assets on an ongoing basis.
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the related asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a
comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If the asset is determined to be
impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the
carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. The Company's estimates of
future cash flows from such assets could be impacted if it underperforms
relative to historical or projected future operating results. However, due to
the Company's diverse product lines and end user markets, the Company does not
believe its estimates would be materially impacted by changes in its
assumptions.

Pension and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan: Accounting for pensions
requires estimating the future benefit cost and recognizing the cost over the
employee's expected period of employment with the Company. Certain assumptions
are required in the calculation of pension costs and obligations. These
assumptions include the discount rate, salary scales and the expected long-term
rate of return on plan assets. The discount rate is intended to represent the
rate at which pension benefit obligations could be settled by purchase of an
annuity contract. These assumptions are subject to change based on stock and
bond market returns and other economic factors. Actual results that differ from
the Company's assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and
therefore generally affect its recognized expense and accrued liability in such
future periods. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate
given current economic conditions and its actual experience, significant
differences in results or significant changes in the Company's assumptions may
materially affect its pension obligations and related future expense.



                                                                               7
<PAGE>

Environmental Liabilities: Environmental liabilities are accrued based on
estimates of the probability of potential future environmental exposure and are
discounted based upon certain assumptions. Expenses related to on-going
maintenance of environmental sites are expensed as incurred. If actual or
estimated probable future losses exceed the Company's recorded liability for
such claims, it would record additional charges as other expense during the
period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred.

Other Contingencies: In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved
in legal proceedings involving contractual and employment relations, product
liability claims, trademark rights and a variety of other matters. The Company
records contingent liabilities resulting from claims against it when it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss is
reasonably estimable. The Company discloses contingent liabilities when there is
a reasonable possibility that the ultimate loss will exceed the recorded
liability. Estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, in
some cases including judgments about the potential actions of third party
claimants and courts. Therefore, actual losses in any future period are
inherently uncertain. Currently, the Company does not believe that any of its
pending legal proceedings or claims will have a material impact on its financial
position or results of operations. However, if actual or estimated probable
future losses exceed the Company's recorded liability for such claims, it would
record additional charges as other expense during the period in which the actual
loss or change in estimate occurred.



                                                                               8
<PAGE>

Market Risk

The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates, customer solvency and commodities.

The Company had debt outstanding at December 31, 2005, in the form of a domestic
revolving credit facility and a foreign line of credit at variable rates. While
100% of this debt has variable interest rates, the Company's interest expense is
not materially sensitive to changes in interest rate levels since debt levels
and potential interest expense increases are small relative to earnings.

A portion of the Company's operations consists of manufacturing and sales
activities in foreign countries. The Company has manufacturing facilities in
Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, Germany, China and the Philippines. During 2005,
sales exported from the United States or manufactured abroad accounted for 59.8%
of total sales. Substantially all sales in Europe are denominated in Euro, U.S.
Dollar and British Pound Sterling, and substantially all sales in the
Asia-Pacific region are denominated in U.S. Dollar, Japanese Yen and South
Korean Won.

The Company's identifiable foreign exchange exposures result from the purchase
and sale of products from affiliates, repayment of intercompany trade and loan
amounts and translation of local currency amounts in consolidation of financial
results. As international sales were more than half of total sales, a
significant portion of the resulting accounts receivable are denominated in
foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic
conditions in the foreign countries in which it manufactures and distributes
products could affect the Company's sales, accounts receivable values and
financial results. The Company uses netting and offsetting intercompany account
management techniques to reduce known foreign currency exposures where possible
and also, from time to time, utilizes derivative instruments to hedge certain
foreign currency exposures deemed to be material.

Delphi Corporation, a significant customer of the Company, filed bankruptcy on
October 8, 2005. Delphi accounts receivable affected by the bankruptcy are
approximately $3.0 million. The Company recorded a $1.0 million reserve against
this balance in the third quarter of 2005 and is actively monitoring this
situation and assessing any further financial impact this may have.

The Company granted a license covering the MINI(R) fuse technology to Pacific
Engineering Company, Ltd., a Japanese manufacturer that produces and distributes
the Company's patented automotive fuses to Asian-based automotive OEMs and wire
harness manufacturers. The license provides the Company with royalties of 2.5%
of the licensee's revenues from the sale of the licensed products, with an
annual minimum of $50,000. This license expires on April 16, 2006.

The Company uses various metals in the production of its products, including
zinc and copper. The Company's earnings are exposed to fluctuations in the
prices of these commodities. The Company does not currently use derivative
financial instruments to mitigate this commodity price risk. A 10% increase in
the price of zinc and copper would reduce pre-tax profit by approximately $0.7
million and $0.7 million, respectively.

The Company does not believe it has significant exposure to market risk from
changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates.



                                                                               9
<PAGE>
Outlook

The Company believes its long-term growth strategy, which emphasizes development
of new circuit protection products and providing customers with solutions and
technical support in all major regions of the world, will drive sales growth in
each of its segments. In addition, the fundamentals for both the electronics and
electrical markets appear to be positive for 2006. Therefore, the Company
expects moderate revenue growth in 2006 with all business segments and regions
contributing. The Company initiated a series of projects in 2004 and 2005 to
reduce costs in its global manufacturing and distribution operations. These
programs, along with the integration and consolidation of Heinrich, are expected
to generate cost savings to more than offset price erosion in 2006. The benefits
of these programs are expected to have a favorable impact on earnings in 2006.
The Company also plans to continue to increase research and development spending
on new product development in order to help drive future sales growth.

The Company is working to expand its share of the circuit protection market by
leveraging new products that it has recently acquired or developed as well as
improved solution selling capabilities. In the future, the Company will look for
opportunities to add to its product portfolio and technical expertise so that it
can provide customers with the most complete circuit protection solutions
available in the marketplace.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements in this section, the
letter to shareholders and in the other sections of this report and in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are not historical facts are intended to
constitute "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties,
including, but not limited to, product demand and market acceptance risks, the
effect of economic conditions, the impact of competitive products and pricing,
product development and patent protection, commercialization and technological
difficulties, capacity and supply constraints or difficulties, exchange rate
fluctuations, actual purchases under agreements, the effect of the Company's
accounting policies, labor disputes, restructuring costs in excess of
expectations, pension plan asset returns less than assumed, integration of
acquisitions, and other risks which may be detailed in the Company's Securities
and Exchange Commission filings.



                                                                              10
<PAGE>




MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of Littelfuse is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Littelfuse's internal control system was designed
to provide reasonable assurance to its management and the Board of Directors
regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.

An internal control significant deficiency is a control deficiency, or
combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company's
ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial
data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such
that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the Company's
annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will
not be prevented or detected. An internal control material weakness is a
significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results
in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.

Littelfuse's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, based upon the
framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this
assessment, the Company's management concluded that, as of December 31, 2005,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Littelfuse's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP,
has audited management's assessment of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Their report appears on page 13.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.



                                                                              11
<PAGE>


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF LITTELFUSE, INC.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Littelfuse, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005, and the related
consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Littelfuse, Inc.
and subsidiaries at December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2005, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.


We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of Littelfuse,
Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, based
on criteria established in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
report dated March 13, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


Ernst & Young LLP


Chicago, Illinois


March 13, 2006



                                                                              12
<PAGE>


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF LITTELFUSE, INC.

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that
Littelfuse, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal
Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Littelfuse's
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management's assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that Littelfuse, Inc. maintained
effective internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, is
fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO control criteria.
Also, in our opinion, Littelfuse, Inc. maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005,
based on the COSO criteria.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the 2005 consolidated financial
statements of Littelfuse, Inc. and our report dated March 13, 2006 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.

Ernst & Young LLP
Chicago, Illinois
March 13, 2006


                                                                              13
<PAGE>


Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                                                         December 31, 2005        January 1, 2005
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>                      <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                     $  21,947              $  28,583
 Accounts receivable, less allowances (2005 - $11,903; 2004 - $10,019)            80,303                 74,400
 Inventories                                                                      63,423                 71,766
 Deferred income taxes                                                            11,927                 17,056
 Assets held for sale (Efen)                                                      17,633                 23,308
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                         7,936                  5,709
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total current assets                                                             203,169                220,822

Property, plant, and equipment:
 Land                                                                             13,370                 13,617
 Buildings                                                                        48,277                 47,824
 Equipment                                                                       254,829                233,481
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 316,476                294,922
Accumulated depreciation                                                        (190,983)              (166,786)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 125,493                128,136
Intangible assets, net of amortization:
 Patents, licenses and software                                                    2,891                  2,416
 Distribution network                                                              6,508                  8,750
 Trademarks and tradenames                                                         5,343                  7,169
 Goodwill                                                                         54,440                 53,220
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  69,182                 71,555
Investments                                                                        5,590                  4,886
Other assets                                                                         497                    370
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                                                   $ 403,931              $ 425,769
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                                              $  20,457              $  18,832
 Accrued payroll                                                                  20,128                 22,065
 Accrued expenses                                                                  8,141                 13,941
 Accrued severance                                                                 7,866                  8,722
 Accrued income taxes                                                              9,920                 14,820
 Liabilities held for sale (Efen)                                                  6,722                  7,757
 Current portion of long-term debt                                                26,682                 32,958

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total current liabilities                                                         99,916                119,095

Long-term debt, less current portion                                                  --                  1,364
Deferred income taxes                                                              1,879                  7,355
Accrued post-retirement benefits                                                  19,268                 18,644
Other long-term liabilities                                                        5,658                  7,081
Minority Interest                                                                    144                  2,146

Shareholders' equity:
 Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share:  1,000,000 shares authorized;
  no shares issued and outstanding                                                    --                     --
 Common stock, par value $0.01 per share:  34,000,000 shares authorized;
  shares issued and outstanding, 2005 - 22,229,288; 2004 - 22,549,595                222                    225
Additional paid-in capital                                                        99,078                 96,008
Notes receivable from officers - common stock                                        (17)                (3,550)
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                     (2,426)                 3,673
Retained earnings                                                                180,209                173,728
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total shareholders' equity                                                       277,066                270,084
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                     $ 403,931              $ 425,769
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.



                                                                              14
<PAGE>


Consolidated Statements of Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
Year Ended                                                 December 31, 2005   January 1, 2005       January 3, 2004
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                    <C>                  <C>
Net sales                                                         $467,089            $476,833          $339,410
Cost of sales                                                      322,537             303,036           234,984
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                       144,552             173,797           104,426

Selling, general and administrative expenses                        98,536              96,102            68,579
Research and development expenses                                   16,672              16,079             8,694
Impairment of long-term investment                                      --               2,277                --
Amortization of intangibles                                          2,378               2,336             1,072
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income                                                    26,966              57,003            26,081

Interest expense                                                     2,098               1,475             2,045
Other expense (income), net                                         (3,068)                 47                68
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings from continuing operations before
   minority interest and income taxes                               27,936              55,481            23,968
Minority interest                                                      (86)                143                --
Income taxes                                                        11,440              18,977             8,629
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings from continuing operations                                 16,582              36,361            15,339
Discontinued operations (net of tax expense of $645
    and $252 in 2005 and 2004, respectively)                         1,128                (333)               --
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                        $ 17,710            $ 36,028          $ 15,339
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net income per share:
Basic:
   Continuing operations                                          $   0.74            $   1.64          $   0.70
   Discontinued operations                                            0.05               (0.02)               --
                                                                  --------            --------          --------
   Net Income                                                     $   0.79            $   1.62          $   0.70
                                                                  ========            ========          ========
Diluted:
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Continuing operations                                          $   0.73            $   1.61          $   0.70
   Discontinued operations                                            0.05               (0.02)               --
                                                                  --------            --------          --------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net Income                                                     $   0.78            $   1.59          $   0.70
                                                                  ========            ========          ========
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Weighted-average shares and equivalent shares outstanding:
Basic                                                               22,413              22,239            21,881
Diluted                                                             22,582              22,604            22,004
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                              15
<PAGE>


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)
Year Ended                                               December 31, 2005    January 1, 2005   January 3, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>                 <C>                <C>
Operating activities
Net income                                                        $ 17,710          $ 36,028           $ 15,339
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
 by operating activities:
  Depreciation                                                      28,738            23,859             20,029
  Amortization of intangibles                                        2,495             2,441              1,072
  Impairment of long-term investment                                    --             2,277                 --
  Provision for bad debts                                            1,884               802                 50
  Gain on sale of LC Fab                                            (1,400)               --                 --
  Deferred income taxes                                             (1,564)            3,281             (6,458)
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable                                             (11,185)           (6,582)               387
   Inventories                                                       6,594            (4,277)             5,865
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses                            (1,134)           (7,709)            12,584
   Prepaid expenses and other                                       (3,996)            2,864              1,085
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                           38,142            52,984             49,953

Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                         (27,239)          (22,079)           (14,041)
Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired                        (3,658)          (41,661)           (44,590)
Purchase of marketable securities                                       --                --             (1,598)
Sale of LC Fab                                                         600                --                 --
Sale of marketable securities                                           --                --             10,404
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in investing activities                              (30,297)          (63,740)           (49,825)

Financing activities
Proceeds from debt                                                  48,819            42,200             30,500
Payments of debt                                                   (55,616)          (38,402)           (41,996)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options                              3,844            16,520              4,291
Notes receivable, common stock                                       3,533                --                 --
Purchases of common stock                                          (12,832)           (5,604)                --
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                (12,252)           14,714             (7,205)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                             (2,229)            2,497              1,455
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    (6,636)            6,455             (5,622)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                      28,583            22,128             27,750
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                          $ 21,947          $ 28,583           $ 22,128
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.


                                                                              16
<PAGE>


Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                                                            Notes        Accumulated
                                                             Additional   Receivable-  Other
                                                    Common   Paid-In      Common       Comprehensive    Retained
                                                    Stock    Capital      Stock        Income (Loss)    Earnings     Total
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>       <C>          <C>          <C>              <C>          <C>
Balance at December 28, 2002                       $  218    $  71,918    $  (3,900)   $  (9,901)       $ 127,376    $ 185,711
Comprehensive income:
 Net income for the year                               --           --           --           --           15,339       15,339
Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives           --           --           --         (770)              --         (770)
Minimum pension liability adjustment*                  --           --           --        3,216               --        3,216
 Foreign currency translation adjustment               --           --           --        4,413               --        4,413
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                    22,198
Payments on notes receivable                           --           --          350           --               --          350
Stock options exercised, including tax benefit
of $357*                                                2        3,941           --           --               --        3,943
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at January 3, 2004                         $  220    $  75,859    $  (3,550)   $  (3,042)       $ 142,715    $ 212,202
Comprehensive income:
 Net income for the year                               --           --           --           --           36,028       36,028
 Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives          --           --           --          824               --          824
Minimum pension liability adjustment*                  --           --           --         (458)              --         (458)
Unrealized loss on marketable securities*              --           --           --       (1,095)             --       (1,095)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment               --           --           --        7,444               --        7,444
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                    42,743
Payments on notes receivable                           --           --           --           --               --           --
Purchase of 168,400 shares of common stock             (2)        (587)          --           --           (5,015)      (5,604)
Stock options exercised, including tax benefit
of $3,946*                                              7       20,736           --           --               --       20,743
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at January 1, 2005                         $  225    $  96,008    $  (3,550)   $   3,673        $ 173,728    $ 270,084
Comprehensive income:
 Net income for the year                               --           --           --           --           17,710       17,710
 Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives          --           --           --          177               --          177
Minimum pension liability adjustment*                  --           --           --       (1,111)              --       (1,111)
Unrealized gain on marketable securities*              --           --           --          999               --          999
 Foreign currency translation adjustment               --           --           --       (6,164)              --       (6,164)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                    11,611
Payments on notes receivable                           --           --        3,533           --               --        3,533
Purchase of 458,000 shares of common stock             (5)      (1,598)          --           --          (11,229)     (12,832)
Stock options exercised, including tax benefit
of $443*                                                2        4,668           --           --               --        4,670
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2005                       $  222    $  99,078    $     (17)   $  (2,426)       $ 180,209    $ 277,066
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

*Including related tax impact.

See accompanying notes.



                                                                              17
<PAGE>

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31, 2005 and January 1, 2005

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Information

Nature of Operations: Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company)
design, manufacture, and sell circuit protection devices for use in the
automotive, electronic and electrical markets throughout the world.

Fiscal Year: The Company's fiscal years ended December 31, 2005, January 1,
2005, and January 3, 2004, and contained 52, 53 and 52 weeks, respectively.

Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial
statements of Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries were prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
and include the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of all wholly-owned
subsidiaries and majority-owned subsidiaries over which the Company exercises
control. Certain amounts reported in previous years have been reclassified to
conform to the 2005 presentation.

Cash Equivalents: All highly liquid investments, with a maturity of three months
or less when purchased, are considered to be cash equivalents.

Investments: The Company has determined that all of its investment securities
are to be classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale securities are
carried at fair value with the unrealized gains and losses reported in
"Shareholders' Equity" as a component of "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss)." The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of
premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is included
in interest income. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be
other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in other
income or expense. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific
identification method. Interest and dividends on securities classified as
available-for-sale are included in interest income.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments: The Company's financial instruments include
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, investments and long-term debt.
The carrying values of such financial instruments approximate their estimated
fair values.

Accounts Receivable: The Company performs credit evaluations of customers'
financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Credit losses are
provided for in the financial statements based upon specific knowledge of a
customer's inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company.
Historically, credit losses have consistently been within management's
expectations and have not been a material amount. The Company also maintains
allowances against accounts receivable for the settlement of rebates and sales
discounts to customers. These allowances are based upon specific customer sales
and sales discounts as well as actual historical experience.

Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (first in,
first out method), which approximates current replacement cost. The Company
maintains excess and obsolete allowances against inventory to reduce the
carrying value to the expected net realizable value. These allowances are based
upon a combination of factors including historical sales volume, market
conditions, lower of cost or market analysis and expected realizable value of
the inventory.

Property, Plant and Equipment: Land, buildings, and equipment are carried at
cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method with useful
lives of 21 years for buildings, seven to nine years for equipment, seven years
for furniture and fixtures, five years for tooling and three years for computer
equipment. Prior to 2004, depreciation was calculated under accelerated methods
with useful lives of 21 years for buildings, seven to nine years for equipment,
and seven years for furniture and fixtures. The impact of this prospective
change in depreciating new asset purchases was not material for 2005 or 2004.

Intangible Assets: Trademarks and tradenames are amortized using the
straight-line method over estimated useful lives that have a range of five to
twenty years. Patents and licenses are amortized using the straight-line method
or an accelerated method over estimated useful lives that have a range of four
to nine years. The distribution networks are amortized on either a straight-line
or accelerated basis over estimated useful lives that have a range of nine to
twenty years.

Goodwill is subject to an annual impairment test. The Company determined the
fair value of each of its reporting units by using a guideline company method to
estimate market value. A valuation multiple is derived for each business segment
from transactions involving companies similar to the Company. That multiple is
applied to an EBITDA of each segment to estimate the market value of that
segment. In making these estimates, the Company considered the markets it was
addressing, the competitive environment and its advantages. The Company
determined that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded their
carrying amounts and, therefore, no goodwill impairment existed. The Company
will continue to perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and on an
interim basis, if certain conditions exist. Factors the Company considers
important, which could result in changes to its estimates, include
underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results
and declines in acquisition and trading multiples. Due to the diverse end user
base and non-discretionary product demand, the Company does not believe its
future operating results will vary significantly relative to its historical and
projected future operating results.

Pension and Other Post-retirement Benefits: Accounting for pensions requires
estimating the future benefit cost and recognizing the cost over the employee's
expected period of employment with the Company. Certain assumptions are required
in the calculation of pension costs and obligations. These assumptions include
the discount rate, salary scales and the expected long-term rate of return on
plan assets. The discount rate is intended to represent the rate at which
pension benefit obligations could be settled by



                                                                              18
<PAGE>
purchase of an annuity contract. These assumptions are subject to change based
on stock and bond market returns and other economic factors. Actual results that
differ from the Company's assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future
periods and therefore generally affect its recognized expense and accrued
liability in such future periods. While the Company believes that its
assumptions are appropriate given current economic conditions and its actual
experience, significant differences in results or significant changes in the
Company's assumptions may materially affect its pension obligations and related
future expense.

Environmental Liabilities: Environmental liabilities are accrued based on
estimates of the probability of potential future environmental exposure and are
discounted based upon certain assumptions. Expenses related to on-going
maintenance of environmental sites are expensed as incurred. If actual or
estimated probable future losses exceed the Company's recorded liability for
such claims, it would record additional charges as other expense during the
period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred.

Revenue Recognition: In accordance with the Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No.
104, "Revenue Recognition," issued in December 2003, sales and associated costs
are recognized in accordance with customer shipping terms, which is when the
transfer of title to the customer occurs. Such revenue is recognized when
collectibility is reasonably assured. Certain distributors are allowed to return
inventory in future periods based upon meeting predetermined volume levels. The
liability associated with these returns is recognized as a reduction of revenue
in the period when the product is sold. Liabilities related to other
arrangements such as price protection with third parties are also recognized as
expense in the period when the product is sold.

Credit Memos: The Company evaluates sales activity for credits to be issued on
sales recorded prior to the end of the fiscal year. These credits relate to the
return of inventory, pricing adjustments and credits issued to a customer based
upon achieving prearranged sales volumes. Volume based incentives offered to
customers are based upon the estimated cost of the program and are recorded as
products are sold.

Advertising Costs: The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred, which
amounted to $1.8 million in 2005, $2.2 million in 2004 and $1.2 million in 2003.

Foreign Currency Translation: The Company's foreign subsidiaries use the local
currency or the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, where appropriate.
Assets and liabilities are translated using exchange rates at the balance sheet
date and revenues and expenses are translated at weighted average rates. The
amount of foreign currency conversion gain recognized in the income statement
related to currency translation was $1.0 million, $2.4 million and $0.4 million
in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Adjustments from the translation process
are recognized in shareholders' equity as a component of other comprehensive
income (loss).

Derivative Instruments: The Company recognizes derivatives as either assets or
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and measures those instruments at
fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends
on the intended use and designation of the derivative instrument. For
derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the
derivative's gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated
other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the
hedged exposure affects earnings. Derivative financial instruments involve, to a
varying degree, elements of market and credit risk not recognized in the
consolidated financial statements. The market risk associated with these
instruments resulting from interest rate movements is expected to offset the
market risk of the underlying transactions being hedged. The counterparties to
the agreements relating to the Company's cross currency rate instruments consist
of major international financial institutions with high credit ratings. The
Company does not believe that there is significant risk of non-performance by
these counterparties because the Company monitors the credit ratings of such
counterparties, and limits the financial exposure and amount of agreements
entered into with any one financial institution. While the notional amounts of
the derivative financial instruments provide one measure of the volume of these
transactions, they do not represent the amount of the Company's exposure to
credit risk. The amounts potentially subject to credit risk (arising from the
possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts) are
generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties'
obligations under the contracts exceed the obligations of the Company to the
counterparty.

Stock-based Compensation: As permitted by Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard (SFAS) No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" (SFAS 123),
the Company accounts for stock option grants to employees and directors in
accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees," using the intrinsic value method. Generally, the
Company grants stock options for a fixed number of shares with an exercise price
equal to the market price of the underlying stock at the date of grant and,
accordingly, does not recognize compensation expense. On certain occasions, the
Company has granted stock options for a fixed number of shares with an exercise
price below that of the underlying stock on the date of the grant and recognizes
compensation expense accordingly. This compensation expense has not been
material. See Note 11 for additional information on stock-based compensation.

The following table discloses our pro forma net income and diluted net income
per share had the valuation methods under SFAS 123 been used for our stock
option grants. The table also discloses the weighted average assumptions used in
estimating the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing method.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share amounts)         2005         2004          2003
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>          <C>           <C>
Net income as reported                        $17,710      $36,028       $15,339
Stock option compensation
 expense, net of tax*                         (3,172)       (2,762)       (2,520)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pro forma net income                          $14,538      $33,266       $12,819
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Basic net income per share
As reported                                    $ 0.79        $ 1.62      $  0.70
Pro forma                                      $ 0.65        $ 1.50      $  0.59
Diluted net income per share
As reported                                    $ 0.78        $ 1.59      $  0.70
Pro forma                                      $ 0.64        $ 1.47      $  0.58
Risk-free interest rate                          4.27%         4.14%        3.45%
Expected dividend yield                             0%            0%           0%
Expected stock price volatility                  39.4%         44.0%        46.9%
Expected life of options                      7 years       7 years      7 years
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

*2003 expense has been increased by $1,371 from amount originally presented.
Proforma amounts were adjusted accordingly.


                                                                              19
<PAGE>
Accounting Pronouncements: In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 123R,
"Share-Based Payment," replacing SFAS No. 123 and superseding Accounting
Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 25. SFAS 123R requires public companies to
recognize compensation expense for the cost of awards of equity compensation in
the company's first fiscal year beginning after July 1, 2005. This compensation
cost will be measured as the fair value of the award estimated using an
option-pricing model on the grant date. The Company is currently evaluating the
various transition provisions under SFAS 123R and will adopt SFAS 123R beginning
January 1, 2006. The Company estimates that the compensation cost for fiscal
2006 will range between $3.9 million and $4.5 million on a pre-tax basis.

In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151, "Inventory Costs - An Amendment
of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4." SFAS 151 clarifies that
abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and spoilage
should be expensed as incurred and not included as overhead. SFAS 151 also
requires that the allocation of fixed production overhead to conversion costs be
based on normal capacity of the production facilities. SFAS 151 must be applied
prospectively beginning January 1, 2006. The adoption of SFAS 151 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities at
the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses and the accompanying notes. The Company evaluates and
updates its assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis and may employ outside
experts to assist in its evaluation, as considered necessary. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs: Amounts billed to customers in a sales
transaction represent fees earned for the goods provided and, accordingly,
amounts billed related to shipping and handling should be classified as revenue.
Costs incurred for shipping and handling of $5.1 million, $4.6 million and $4.3
million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, are classified in Selling,
General, and Administrative expenses.

Restructuring Costs: The Company incurs severance charges and plant closure
expenses as part of the Company's on-going cost reduction efforts. These charges
are included in Cost of Sales or Selling, General and Administrative expense
depending on the nature of the charge.


                                                                              20
<PAGE>
2. Acquisition of Business

On May 6, 2004, the Company acquired 82% of the common stock of Heinrich
Industrie AG ("Heinrich") for Euro 39.5 million (approximately $47.1 million) in
cash and acquisition costs of approximately $1.8 million. The Company purchased
the controlling interest in Heinrich from its two largest shareholders and
initiated a tender offer for the remaining shares of the publicly held company.
The Company funded the acquisition with $17.5 million in cash and $32.0 million
of borrowings on an existing revolving line of credit.

Subsequent to May 6, 2004, the Company purchased additional shares of Heinrich
stock for approximately $8.7 million, bringing the total ownership to 97.2% as
of January 1, 2004. During 2005 the Company acquired the remaining outstanding
shares for approximately $3.7 million, bringing the total ownership to 100% as
of December 31, 2005.

Heinrich is the holding company for the Wickmann Group of circuit protection
products, which has three business units: electronic, automotive and electrical.
The Company has operated Heinrich in such business units subsequent to the
acquisition. The Heinrich acquisition expands the Company's product offerings
and strengthens the Company's position in the circuit protection industry.

The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method and the operations
of Heinrich are included in the Company's operations from the date of
acquisition. The following table sets forth the purchase price allocation for
the acquisition of Heinrich in accordance with the purchase method of accounting
with adjustments to record the acquired assets and liabilities of Heinrich at
their estimated fair market or net realizable values.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Purchase price allocation (In thousands)
- -----------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>
Current assets                             $   39,824
Property, plant and equipment                  35,826
Patents, licenses and software                  3,396
Distribution network                            5,135
Trademarks and tradenames                         788
Goodwill                                       15,488
Other assets                                    5,282
Current liabilities                           (30,778)
Purchase accounting liabilities               (11,460)
Other long-term liabilities                   (16,580)
Minority interest                              (1,602)
                                           ----------
                                           $   45,319
                                           ==========
</TABLE>


All goodwill and intangible assets are recorded in the European segment.
Trademarks and tradenames have an average estimated useful life of five years.
The distribution network has an average estimated useful life of nine years.
Patents and licenses have an average estimated useful life of four years.
Software has a useful life of three years. The weighted average estimated useful
life for intangible assets is approximately seven years.

Purchase accounting liabilities are estimated to be $11.5 million and are for
redundancy costs to be paid through 2006 related to manufacturing operations and
selling, general and administrative functions. The Company began formulating its
plan to incur these costs as of the acquisition date. Current year additions to
the Heinrich purchase accounting liability relate to redundancy costs recognized
after 100% ownership was achieved.

A summary of purchase accounting liabilities activity is shown below (in
thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Heinrich
- -----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>
Balance at May 6, 2004                         7,281
Additions                                         --
Payments                                         (85)
- -----------------------------------------------------
Balance at January 1, 2005                     7,196
Additions                                      4,179
Payments                                      (8,685)
- -----------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2005                  $2,690
- -----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                                                              21
<PAGE>
The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information for the
Company has been prepared assuming the Heinrich acquisition had occurred on
January 3, 2004.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share data)
For the year ended                                  2005             2004
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>              <C>
Net sales                                       $467,089         $511,252
Income from operations                            26,966           56,335
Net income                                        17,710           36,001
Diluted net income per share                    $   0.78         $   1.59
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

These unaudited pro forma results are presented for comparative purposes only.
The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actual results
would have been had the Heinrich acquisition been completed as of the beginning
of the respective periods or of future results.


                                                                              22
<PAGE>


3. Inventories

The components of inventories at December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005 are as
follows (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      2005             2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>              <C>
Raw materials                      $13,010          $15,845
Work in process                     18,996           20,050
Finished goods                      31,417           35,871
- -----------------------------------------------------------
Total inventories                  $63,423          $71,766
- -----------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                                                              23
<PAGE>


4. Intangible Assets

The Company recorded amortization expense of $2.4 million, $2.3 million and $1.1
million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The details of intangible assets
and future amortization expense of existing intangible assets at December 31,
2005, and January 1, 2005, are as follows (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          As of December 31, 2005                 As of January 1, 2005
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    Weighted      Gross                     Weighted       Gross
                                     Average   Carrying    Accumulated       Average    Carrying      Accumulated
                                 Useful Life      Value   Amortization   Useful Life       Value      Amortization
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>        <C>            <C>             <C>          <C>
Patents and licenses                     9.0    $27,193        $24,302           9.3    $25,775          $23,358
Distribution network                    17.4     17,584         11,076          16.8     18,949           10,199
Trademarks and tradenames               14.7     10,210          4,867          14.1     11,430            4,262
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                           $54,987        $40,245                  $56,154          $37,819
</TABLE>


Estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets with definite lives
at December 31, 2005, is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                            <C>
2006                           $ 2,174
2007                             2,143
2008                             2,074
2009                             1,849
2010                             1,810
Thereafter                       4,692
- ---------------------------------------
                               $14,742
- ---------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The amounts for goodwill and changes in the carrying value by operating segment
are as follows at December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005 (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Additions and                        Additions and
                          2005     other adjustments           2004     other adjustments           2003
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>         <C>                      <C>         <C>                      <C>
Americas               $38,624                $3,166        $35,458               $(1,034)       $36,492
Europe                  15,745                (1,569)        17,314                 5,611         11,703
Asia-Pacific                71                  (377)           448                    --            448
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total goodwill         $54,440                $1,220        $53,220               $ 4,577        $48,643
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The net decrease in European goodwill is related to the reclassification of
goodwill from Europe to the Americas and foreign currency translation impact,
partially offset by the additional purchase accounting liabilities recorded in
2005 related to the Heinrich acquisition.


                                                                              24
<PAGE>
5. Investments

Included in investments are shares of Polytronics Technology Corporation Ltd.
("Polytronics"), a Taiwanese company, which was acquired as part of the Heinrich
acquisition. The Company's shares held represent approximately 8.9% of total
Polytronics shares outstanding during 2004 and 2005. The fair value of this
investment is $4.8 million and $4.3 million at December 31, 2005 and January 1,
2005, respectively. Included in other comprehensive income (loss) is a
cumulative loss of $0.1 million related to a decrease in the fair market value
of Polytronics. As part of other comprehensive income, an unrealized loss of
$1.1 million was recorded in 2004 and an unrealized gain of $1.0 million was
recorded in 2005 related to Polytronics.

6. Discontinued Operations

In December 2005, the Company announced its plan to sell the Efen business that
consists of production and sales facilities in Uebigau and Eltville, Germany and
Kaposvar, Hungary. The Company obtained Efen as part of its acquisition of
Heinrich in May 2004. Results of operations for Efen have been reclassified and
presented as discontinued operations for 2005 and 2004. Efen is part of the
European segment for reporting purposes. Due to the Efen sale taking place in
February 2006, the results of Efen will no longer be included in the
Consolidated Statements of Income beginning in February 2006.

Efen's results are summarized as follows for the periods ending December 31,
2005, and the period from May 6, 2004 to January 1, 2005 (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       2005             2004
- ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>              <C>
Net sales                           $32,988          $23,409
Income (loss) before taxes            1,773              (81)
Income taxes                            645              252
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                    $1,128          $  (333)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Efen's significant balance sheet items are summarized as of December 31, 2005,
and January 1, 2005 (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2005             2004
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>              <C>
Accounts receivable, net                     $2,867           $3,326
Inventory                                     5,780            7,314
Property, plant and equipment, net            5,577            8,329
Other assets                                  1,084            2,310
Goodwill                                      2,325            2,029
Current liabilities                           3,407            3,816
Long term liabilities                         3,315            3,941
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                                                              25
<PAGE>
7. Long-term Obligations

The carrying amounts of long-term debt at December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005
are as follows (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2005         2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>          <C>
Revolving credit facility                                $21,000      $17,500
6.16% Senior Notes, maturing September 1, 2005                --       10,000
Other obligations                                          5,682        6,822
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          26,682       34,322
Less: Current maturities                                  26,682       32,958
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         $    --       $1,364
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The Company has an unsecured domestic financing arrangement consisting of a
credit agreement with banks that provides a $50.0 million revolving credit
facility. The revolving line of credit balance becomes due in 2006 at which
time the Company has the option to renew the line of credit. At December 31,
2005, the Company had available $29.0 million of borrowing capability under the
revolving credit facility at an interest rate of LIBOR plus .875% (3.949% as of
December 31, 2005). The Company intends to renew this line of credit upon
maturity. The Company also had $5.8 million and $1.8 million in letters of
credit outstanding at December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005, respectively.

The Company repaid $10.0 million of its Senior Notes in 2005.

The Company also has an unsecured bank line of credit in Japan that provides a
Yen 0.9 billion, an equivalent of $7.6 million, revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of TIBOR plus .875% (0.941% as of December 31, 2005). The
revolving line of credit balance becomes due within 2006. At December 31, 2005,
the Company had an equivalent of $3.8 million outstanding on the Yen facility.
The Company intends to renew this line of credit upon maturity.

The domestic bank credit agreement contains covenants that, among other matters,
impose limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, future mergers,
sales of assets, payment of dividends, and changes in control, as defined. In
addition, the Company is required to satisfy certain financial covenants and
tests relating to, among other matters, interest coverage, working capital,
leverage and net worth. At December 31, 2005, and for the year then ended, the
Company was in compliance with these covenants.

Aggregate maturities of long-term obligations at December 31, 2005, are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>
2006                                                                  $26,682
2007                                                                       --
2008                                                                       --
2009                                                                       --
2010                                                                       --
2011 and thereafter                                                        --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      $26,682
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Interest paid on long-term debt approximated $2.0 million in 2005, $1.7 million
in 2004 and $2.1 million in 2003.


                                                                              26
<PAGE>


8. Coal Mining Liability

Included in other long-term liabilities is an accrued liability related to a
former coal mining operation at Heinrich for the amounts of $5.0 million and
$5.8 million in 2005 and 2004, respectively. The accrual is based on an
engineering study estimating the present value of the cost of future occurrences
related to the coal mine shafts (such as a shaft collapse) and the probability
of such occurrences. Actual amounts incurred could differ from the amount
accrued. Ongoing maintenance of coal mine areas and shaft entrances are expensed
as incurred.


                                                                              27
<PAGE>
9. Derivatives and Hedging

On June 11, 2002, the Company entered into cross-currency rate swaps, with a
notional amount of $11.6 million, as a cash flow hedge of the variability of Yen
cash flows attributable to the USD/JPY exchange rate risk on forecasted
intercompany sales of inventory to a Japanese subsidiary. The cross-currency
rate swaps converted $11.6 million of the Company's fixed rate 6.16% U.S. Dollar
debt to fixed rate 3.13% Japanese Yen debt. At the inception of the hedge, both
the foreign currency swap and the intercompany sales subject to the hedge were
denominated in Japanese Yen. The swap agreements were accounted for as a cash
flow hedge and reported at fair value. There was no notional amount outstanding
at December 31, 2005, as the cross-currency rate swap agreements expired during
2005. The Company's hedges were considered effective and the net gain or loss
from hedge ineffectiveness and from the recognition of the unrealized loss were
recognized in the consolidated statement of income and were not material.

For the period from June 1, 2004, to September 30, 2005, Heinrich Industrie AG
purchased Euro forward contracts that hedged the variability of U.S. Dollar cash
attributable to the exchange rate risk on forecasted intercompany sales to U.S.
and Asian subsidiaries. These forward contracts guaranteed the rate at which the
U.S. Dollar cash flows would be converted to Euro in the future. These forward
contracts expired in 2005. No forward currency contracts existed at December 31,
2005. The gains since the date of the Heinrich acquisition were recognized in
the income statement and were immaterial.



                                                                              28
<PAGE>
10. Benefit Plans

The Company has a defined-benefit pension plan covering substantially all of its
North American employees. The amount of the retirement benefit is based on years
of service and final average pay. The plan also provides post-retirement medical
benefits to retirees and their spouses if the retiree has reached age 62 and has
provided at least ten years of service prior to retirement. Such benefits
generally cease once the retiree attains age 65. The Company also has defined
benefit pension plans covering employees in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Japan
and the Netherlands. The amount of these retirement benefits is based on years
of service and final average pay. Liabilities resulting from the plan that
covers employees in the Netherlands are settled annually through the purchase of
insurance contracts. Separate from the foreign pension data presented below, net
periodic expense for the plan covering Netherlands employees was $0.6 million,
$0.2 million and $0.3 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

The Company's contributions are made in amounts sufficient to satisfy legal
requirements and ensure funding to at least 90% of the ERISA Current Liability
amount. In 2006, the Company expects to make contributions to defined benefit
pension plans in the range of $1.0 million to $4.0 million.

Changes in actual return on pension plan assets are deferred and recognized over
a period of three years. The deferral of actual gains and losses affects the
calculated value of plan assets and therefore future pension expense.
Differences between total pension expense of $4.8 million, $4.3 million, and
$3.6 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, were not material to the
overall financial performance of the Company. The increases in pension expense
in 2005 and 2004 were primarily due to lower asset investment returns than
assumed and a decrease in the discount rate. Benefit plan related information,
including EFEN, is as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             U.S.                   Foreign
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       2005        2004         2005       2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Change in benefit obligation
Benefit obligation at beginning of year                            $ 60,225    $ 55,648    $ 45,611    $ 27,479
Service cost                                                          3,259       2,759         818       1,066
Interest cost                                                         3,664       3,498       1,971       1,877
 Plan participants' contributions                                        --          --         362         178
 Acquisition opening balance as of 5/06/04                               --          --          --      11,771
 Net actuarial loss                                                   2,363       1,430       6,474         654
 Benefits paid                                                       (3,086)     (3,110)     (1,811)     (1,196)
 Effect of exchange rate movements                                       --          --      (6,135)      3,782
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Benefit obligation at end of year                                  $ 66,425    $ 60,225    $ 47,290    $ 45,611
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Change in plan assets at fair value
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year                     $ 47,795    $ 44,667    $ 26,586    $ 22,997
 Actual return on plan assets                                         3,227       5,238       4,170       1,601
 Employer contributions                                               2,500       1,000       2,184         580
 Plan participant contributions                                          --          --         362         178
 Benefits paid                                                       (3,086)     (3,110)       (906)       (676)
 Effect of exchange rate movements                                       --          --      (3,609)      1,906
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fair value of plan assets at end of year                           $ 50,436    $ 47,795    $ 28,787    $ 26,586
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Unfunded status                                                   $(15,989)   $(12,430)   $(18,503)   $(19,025)
 Unrecognized prior service cost (benefit)                              105         114        (112)       (138)
 Unrecognized transition asset                                           --          --      (1,269)     (1,576)
 Unrecognized net actuarial gain                                      8,690       6,236       9,887       7,173
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net amount recognized                                              $ (7,194)   $ (6,080)   $ (9,997)   $(13,566)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet consist of:
Prepaid benefit cost                                               $     --    $     --    $  1,554    $     67
Accrued benefit liability                                            (7,194)     (6,080)    (13,366)    (14,337)
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                   --          --       1,815         704
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net amount recognized                                              $ (7,194)   $ (6,080)   $ (9,997)   $(13,566)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

A reconciliation of the accrued benefit liability to the consolidated balance
sheet is as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>

                                                2005           2004
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>            <C>
Accrued benefit liability                    $20,560        $20,417
Less: Efen                                     1,292          1,773
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued post-retirement benefits              19,268         18,644
</Table>


                                                                              29
<PAGE>
The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. defined benefits plans was
$55,372 and $51,102 at December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005, respectively. The
accumulated benefit obligation for the foreign plans was $41,917 and $40,573 at
December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005, respectively.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              U.S.                         Foreign
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2005       2004       2003       2005       2004       2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Service cost                                   $ 3,259    $ 2,759    $ 2,667    $ 1,210    $ 1,269    $   995
Interest cost                                    3,664      3,498      3,551      1,971      1,877      1,260
Expected return on plan assets                  (3,728)    (3,649)    (3,664)    (1,681)    (1,521)
                                                                                                       (1,243)
Amortization of prior service cost                  10         10         10        (13)       (13)       (11)
Amortization of transition asset                    --         --         --       (112)       (90)      (102)
Amortization of losses                             409        158        110        173        206        253
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total cost of the plan for the year              3,614      2,776      2,674      1,548      1,728      1,152
Expected plan participants' contribution            --         --         --       (392)      (203)      (208)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net periodic benefit cost                      $ 3,614    $ 2,776    $ 2,674    $ 1,156    $ 1,525    $   944
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at year-end
2005, 2004 and 2003:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     U.S.                                 Foreign
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        2005        2004           2003         2005         2004          2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>         <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Discount rate                           6.0%        6.0%           6.5%         4.3%         4.8%          5.5%
Compensation increase rate              4.5%        4.5%           4.5%         3.2%         3.4%          4.0%
Measurement dates                   12/31/05    12/31/04       12/31/03     12/31/05     12/31/04      12/31/03
</TABLE>


Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the
years 2005, 2004 and 2003:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       U.S.                               Foreign
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        2005          2004         2003         2005         2004          2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Discount rate                           6.0%          6.5%         6.8%         4.8%         5.5%          5.5%
Expected return on plan assets          8.5%          8.8%         9.0%         6.7%         6.7%          6.7%
Compensation increase rate              4.5%          4.5%         4.5%         3.2%         4.0%          4.0%
Measurement dates                    1/01/05       1/01/04      1/01/03      1/01/05      1/01/04       1/01/03
</TABLE>

Expected benefit payments to be paid to participants for the fiscal year ending
are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        U.S.       Foreign
<S>                                   <C>           <C>
2006                                  $2,834        $1,664
2007                                   3,025         2,060
2008                                   3,193         1,684
2009                                   3,326         1,564
2010                                   3,512         3,360
2011-2015                             20,859        12,407
</TABLE>


Defined Benefit Plan Assets
Based upon analysis of the target asset allocation and historical returns by
type of investment, the Company has assumed that the expected long-term rate of
return will be 8.5% on domestic plan assets and 6.7% on foreign plan assets.
Assets are invested to maximize long-term return taking into consideration
timing of settlement of the retirement liabilities and liquidity needs for
benefits payments. Actual investment returns over the last three years have been
less than the assumed long-term rate of return and, should this trend continue,
net periodic benefit cost would increase. U.S. defined benefit pension assets
were invested as follows and were not materially different from the target asset
allocation:


                                                                              30
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            U.S. Asset Allocation
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2005                       2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                        <C>
Equity securities                      73%                        74%
Debt securities                        27%                        26%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      100%                       100%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Foreign Asset Allocation
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2005                       2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                        <C>
Equity securities                      66%                        75%
Debt securities                        24%                        14%
Property                                8%                         8%
Cash                                    2%                         3%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      100%                       100%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



Defined Contribution Plans
The Company also maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all U.S.
employees. The Company matches 50% of the employee's annual contributions for
the first 4% of the employee's gross wages. Employees vest in the Company
contributions after two years of service. Company matching contributions
amounted to $0.6 million, $0.5 million and $0.5 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. The Company provides additional retirement benefits for certain
key executives through its unfunded defined contribution Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan. The charge to expense for this plan amounted to $0.3 million,
$0.7 million and $0.7 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.


                                                                              31
<PAGE>


11. Shareholders' Equity

Stock Options: The Company has stock option plans authorizing the granting of
both incentive and nonqualified options and other stock rights of up to
4,425,000 shares of common stock to employees and directors. The stock options
issued prior to 2002 vest over a five-year period and are exercisable over a
ten-year period commencing from the date of vesting. The Company changed its
policy in 2002 whereby the stock options vest over a five-year period and are
exercisable over a ten-year period commencing from the date of the grant. This
change was not made to stock options already granted.

A summary of stock option information follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2005                      2004                     2003
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Weighted-                 Weighted-                Weighted-
                                                      Average                   Average                  Average
                                                     Exercise                  Exercise                 Exercise
                                          Options       Price      Options        Price      Options       Price
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>       <C>             <C>       <C>            <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year        1,660,440      $26.97    2,046,720       $23.55    1,976,605      $23.73
Options granted
 Option price equals market price         386,750       28.06      363,750        38.44      361,750       22.18
 Option price less than market price           --          --           --           --       20,000        7.00
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total options granted                     386,750       28.06      363,750        38.44      381,750       21.38
Exercised                                (182,230)      21.09     (706,880)       22.93     (169,015)      17.29
Forfeited                                 (45,600)      30.60      (43,150)       26.72     (142,620)      27.64
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding at end of year              1,819,360      $27.66    1,660,440       $26.97    2,046,720      $23.55
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exercisable at end of year                876,410      $25.57      772,440       $23.97    1,114,028      $22.92
Available for future grant                 95,530                  454,030                   774,870
Weighted-average fair value of options
 granted during the year                               $13.63                    $19.87                   $13.71
  Option price equals market price                      13.63                     19.87                    13.25
  Option price less than market price                      --                        --                    23.89
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


As of December 31, 2005, the Company had the following outstanding options:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Weighted-         Weighted-
                              Options           Average           Average           Options
Exercise Price            Outstanding    Exercise Price    Remaining Life       Exercisable
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>            <C>                <C>                 <C>
$3.69 to $ 5.00                19,700            $ 4.63              4.76            19,660
$7.00 to $11.16                22,200              8.56              5.49            15,000
$11.63 to $16.50               35,060             13.29              3.90            33,020
$17.05 to $25.25              621,170             21.79              7.74           415,690
$26.63 to $38.80            1,121,230             32.14              8.97           393,040
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Notes Receivable From Officers - Common Stock: In 1995, the Company established
the Executive Loan Program under which certain management employees could then
obtain interest-free loans from the Company to facilitate their exercise of
stock options and payment of the related income tax liabilities. Such loans,
limited to 90% of the exercise price plus related tax liabilities, have a
five-year maturity, subject to acceleration for termination of employment or
death of the employee. Such loans are classified as a reduction of shareholders'
equity. The Company changed its policy in 2002 such that management employees
may no longer obtain such loans.

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): At the end of the year the
components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows (in
thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              December 31,          January 1,
                                                     2005               2005
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>             <C>
Net unrealized loss on derivatives               $    --            $  (177)
Minimum pension liability
 adjustment, net of tax                           (1,815)              (704)
Loss on marketable securities                        (96)            (1,095)
Foreign currency translation
 adjustment                                         (515)             5,649
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                                          $(2,426)           $ 3,673
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Preferred Stock: The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to
time of preferred stock in one or more series with such designations,
preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and optional or other
special rights as the Board may fix by resolution.



                                                                              32
<PAGE>


12. Income Taxes

Federal, state, and foreign income tax expense (benefit) consists of the
following (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        2005            2004          2003
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>              <C>           <C>
Current:
 Federal                            $  2,735         $ 6,402       $10,346
 State                                    41           1,196           339
 Foreign                              10,228           8,098         4,402
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subtotal                              13,004          15,696        15,087
Deferred:
Federal and state                      1,956           3,087        (6,897)
Foreign                               (3,520)            194           439
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subtotal                              (1,564)          3,281        (6,458)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Provision for income taxes          $ 11,440         $18,977      $  8,629
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Domestic and foreign earnings from continuing operations before minority
interest and income taxes is as follows (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     2005            2004         2003
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>            <C>           <C>
Domestic                                           $1,484         $28,115       $6,808
Foreign                                            26,452          27,366       17,160
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings from continuing operations
 before minority interest and income taxes        $27,936         $55,481      $23,968
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


A reconciliation between income taxes computed on income before income taxes at
the federal statutory rate and the provision for income taxes is provided below
(in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2005             2004         2003
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>             <C>             <C>
Tax expense at statutory
 rate of 35%                                $ 9,785        $ 19,050        $8,389
State and local taxes,
 net of federal tax benefit                      27             777           220
Foreign income tax
 rate differential                              (47)         (1,846)         (611)
Foreign losses for which no
 tax benefit is available                     1,446             759            --
Valuation allowance                            (753)            753            --
Tax on unremitted earnings                      790              91            --
Other, net                                      192            (607)          631
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Provision for income taxes                  $11,440        $ 18,977        $8,629
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effects of temporary differences
between the financial reporting bases and the tax bases of the Company's assets
and liabilities. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and
liabilities at December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005, are as follows (in
thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2005                  2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>                   <C>
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
Tax depreciation and amortization
 in excess of book                         $  8,100              $  4,765
Foreign                                         407                 1,675
Other                                           768                   511
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total deferred tax liabilities                9,275                 6,951
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
Accrued expenses                             12,097                14,475
Foreign tax credit carryforwards              4,574                 2,994
AMT credit carryforwards                      1,318                    --
Foreign net operating loss carryforwards      2,100                 5,706
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross deferred tax assets                    20,089                23,175
Less: Valuation allowance                      (766)               (6,523)
Total deferred tax assets                    19,323                16,652
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net deferred tax assets                    $ 10,048              $  9,701
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The deferred tax asset valuation allowance is related to deferred tax assets
from foreign net operating losses and a reversal of a capital loss from a
non-controlled foreign investment. The foreign tax credit carryforwards begin to
expire in 2013. A deferred tax



                                                                              33
<PAGE>

asset relating to a net operating loss from an acquired group of companies has
not been recorded since the amount cannot be reasonably estimated between a
range of $0.0 to $14.0 million. The Company paid income taxes of approximately
$9.5 million, $11.2 million and $2.7 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. U.S. income taxes were not provided for on a cumulative total of
approximately $37.0 million of undistributed earnings for certain non-U.S.
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005, and accordingly, no deferred tax liability
has been established relative to these earnings. The determination of the
deferred tax liability associated with the distribution of these earnings is not
practicable.



                                                                              34
<PAGE>
13. Business Segment Information

The Company designs, manufactures and sells circuit protection devices
throughout the world. The Company's reportable segments are consistent with how
it currently manages the business. The Company has three reportable geographic
segments: the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The segments are defined as
components of the company about which financial information is available and
evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making
group, in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in
assessing performance of the segment. The circuit protection market in these
geographical segments is categorized into three major product areas: electronic,
automotive and electrical. The Company evaluates the performance of each
geographic segment based on its net income or loss. The Company also accounts
for intersegment sales as if the sales were to third parties.

The Company's reportable segments are the business units where the revenue is
earned and expenses are incurred. The Company has subsidiaries in the Americas,
Europe and Asia-Pacific where each region is measured based on its net sales and
earnings (loss) from continuing operations.

Information concerning the operations in these geographic segments for the
fiscal years ended 2005, 2004 and 2003 are as follows (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Asia-       Combined                         Consolidated
                                   Americas*        Europe       Pacific          Total       Eliminations             Total
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>       <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>               <C>
Net sales                2005      $195,974       $114,943      $156,172       $467,089       $       --          $467,089
                         2004       234,835        105,728       136,270        476,833               --           476,833
                         2003       167,417         61,098       110,895        339,410               --           339,410

Intersegment revenues    2005       159,036         66,256        70,370        295,662         (295,662)               --
                         2004       137,611         58,376        28,718        224,705         (224,705)               --
                         2003        70,882         54,742        21,443        147,067         (147,067)               --

Interest expense         2005         1,978             74            46          2,098               --             2,098
                         2004         1,668           (191)           (2)         1,475               --             1,475
                         2003         2,068            (25)            2          2,045               --             2,045

Depreciation and         2005        17,648         10,676         2,792         31,116               --            31,116
amortization             2004        16,749          8,134         1,312         26,195               --            26,195
                         2003        17,210          1,541         2,350         21,101               --            21,101

Other expense            2005        (1,530)        (1,068)         (470)        (3,068)              --            (3,068)
(income), net            2004        (2,106)         1,424           729             47               --                47
                         2003          (728)            91           705             68               --                68

Income taxes             2005         6,031          1,882         3,527         11,440               --            11,440
                         2004        11,589          2,839         4,549         18,977               --            18,977
                         2003         4,326          1,022         3,281          8,629               --             8,629

Earnings (loss) from     2005         4,193         (5,484)       17,873         16,582               --            16,582
continuing operations    2004        21,157           (439)       15,643         36,361               --            36,361
                         2003         4,538            869         9,932         15,339               --            15,339

Net income (loss)        2005         4,193         (4,356)       17,873         17,710               --            17,710
                         2004        21,157           (772)       15,643         36,028               --            36,028
                         2003         4,538            869         9,932         15,339               --            15,339

Long-lived assets        2005       148,380        124,269        18,634        291,283          (90,521)          200,762
                         2004       130,120        169,822        15,837        315,779         (110,832)          204,947
                         2003       177,518         31,732        12,839        222,089          (59,659)          162,430

Capital expenditures     2005        20,371          3,127         3,741         27,239               --            27,239
                         2004        15,766          2,908         3,405         22,079               --            22,079
                         2003        12,157          1,954           (70)        14,041               --            14,041
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

*Corporate is included in the Americas. This was reported separately in amounts
previously presented.


                                                                              35
<PAGE>



- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Company's revenues by product areas for the years ended December 31, 2005,
January 1, 2005 and January 3, 2004, are as follows (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Revenues                          2005             2004            2003
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>              <C>             <C>
Electronic                   $ 305,870        $ 325,617       $ 206,523
Automotive                     118,595          113,690          98,327
Electrical                      42,624           37,526          34,560
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated total           $ 467,089        $ 476,833       $ 339,410
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


No single customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue.



                                                                              36
<PAGE>

14. Lease Commitments

The Company leases certain office and warehouse space as well as certain
machinery and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense
under these leases was approximately $5.5 million in 2005, $4.4 million in 2004
and $3.4 million in 2003. Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the leases. The difference between straight-line basis rent and
the amount paid has been recorded as accrued lease obligations. The Company also
has leases that have lease renewal provisions. As of December 31, 2005, all
operating leases outstanding were with third parties.

Future minimum payments for all non-cancelable operating leases with initial
terms of one year or more at December 31, 2005, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
2006                                       $ 4,891
2007                                         2,860
2008                                         1,423
2009                                         1,336
2010                                         1,178
2011 and thereafter                          4,922
- --------------------------------------------------
Total lease commitments                    $16,610
- --------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The Company did not have any capital leases as of December 31, 2005.


                                                                              37
<PAGE>

15. Earnings per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except
per share amounts)                            2005          2004           2003
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
Numerator:
 Net income                                $17,710       $36,028       $ 15,339
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Denominator:
 Denominator for basic
 earnings per share -
  Weighted-average shares                   22,413        22,239         21,881
Effect of dilutive securities:
Employee stock options                         169           365            123
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Denominator for diluted
 earnings per share -
  Adjusted weighted-
   average shares and
   assumed conversions                      22,582        22,604         22,004
Basic earnings per share                   $  0.79       $  1.62       $   0.70
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted earnings per share                 $  0.78       $  1.59       $   0.70
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Options to purchase 712,153,362,500 and 1,376,122 shares of common stock were
outstanding at December 31, 2005, January 1, 2005, and January 3, 2004,
respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share because the effect of including such options would have been
anti-dilutive.


16. Restructuring

During 2005 the Company announced a downsizing of its Ireland operation and
outsourcing of more of its varistor manufacturing to lower cost Asian
subcontractors. A liability of $4.9 million was recorded related to redundancy
costs for the manufacturing operation associated with this downsizing. This
restructuring impacts approximately 35 associates in various production and
support related roles. These costs are expected to be paid in 2006.



17. Subsequent Events

On February 3, 2006, the Company acquired SurgX Corporation for $2.5 million. On
February 22, 2006, the Company announced the acquisition of Concord
Semiconductor. The acquisition of Concord Semiconductor is expected to close in
the second quarter of 2006. During February 2006, the Company completed the sale
of the Efen business for approximately $14 million.


Selected Financial Data
(in thousands, except per share data)

Five-Year Summary


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2005*      2004*      2003**     2002       2001
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales                                  $467,089    476,833   $339,410   $283,267   $272,149

Gross profit                                144,552    173,797    104,426     88,623     85,592

Operating income                             26,966     57,003     26,081     15,931      8,540

Earnings from continuing operations          16,582     36,361     15,339      9,620      4,070

Net income                                   17,710     36,028     15,339      9,620      4,070

Per share of common stock:
   Net income from continuing operations
      - Basic                                  0.74       1.64       0.70       0.44       0.20
      - Diluted                                0.73       1.61       0.70       0.44       0.19

Net working capital***                       97,077     90,551     62,120     59,181     62,486

Total assets                                403,931    425,769    311,570    277,478    272,272

Long-term debt                                   --      1,364     10,201     20,252     30,402
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

*    Results include Heinrich. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
     Statements for more information. Results reflect Efen as a discontinued
     operation.
**   Results include Teccor. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
     Statements for more information.
***  Net working capital is defined as working capital less cash, assets held
     for sale, liabilities held for sale and the current portion of long-term
     debt.


                                                                              38
<PAGE>

Quarterly Results of Operations (unaudited)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    2005*                                      2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     4Q      3Q**         2Q        1Q        4Q*        3Q*         2Q       1Q
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>
Net sales                      $115,373   $122,266  $115,693  $113,757   $114,124   $127,657   $123,634 $111,418
Gross profit                     37,905     34,309    35,117    37,221     39,896     48,717     45,379   39,805
Operating income                  9,114      4,103     6,899     6,850      8,158     17,730     15,373   15,742
Net income                        5,243      3,771     4,257     4,439      4,828     11,250     10,344    9,606
Net income per share:
 Basic                             0.23       0.17      0.19      0.20       0.21       0.50       0.47     0.44
 Diluted                           0.23       0.17      0.19      0.20       0.21       0.49       0.46     0.43
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

*  Results include Heinrich. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
   Statements for more information. Results reflect Efen as a discontinued
   operation.

** Results have been revised for Ireland severance costs. In the Littelfuse
   third quarter 2005 earnings press release, it was stated that the Company had
   announced a downsizing of its Ireland operation and would be booking related
   charges over the next several quarters. In addition to the $1.6 million
   charge booked in the third quarter, the Company indicated it expected to book
   additional charges in the fourth quarter of 2005 and the first half of 2006.
   This was in accordance with SFAS 146 which requires that severance charges be
   amortized over the period between employee notification and employee
   termination. On further technical review by the Company, it was determined
   that these charges should more appropriately have been accounted for under
   SFAS 112 which requires all charges be booked at the time of notification.
   The effect of this change in interpretation is that all severance costs
   related to the announced Ireland downsizing (the $1.6 million previously
   booked in the third quarter plus an additional $3.3 million recorded in the
   fourth quarter) were pushed back to the third quarter of 2005. Previously
   reported results for the 3rd quarter of 2005, excluding Efen, were:


<TABLE>
<S>                             <C>
Net sales                       $122,266
Gross profit                      37,622
Operating income (loss)            7,416
Net income (loss)                  6,326
Net income (loss) per share:
  Basic                             0.28
  Diluted                           0.28
- ----------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Quarterly Stock Prices

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2005                                        2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     4Q         3Q        2Q        1Q         4Q         3Q         2Q       1Q
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>
High                              28.85      30.97     31.16     33.59      40.19      41.48      44.05    37.81
Low                               21.44      26.12     26.35     27.95      31.45      32.60      36.24    28.56
Close                             27.25      28.13     27.82     28.23      34.16      35.49      42.13    37.20
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                                                              39

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c03417exv21w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 21.1

                                  SUBSIDIARIES

Littelfuse, S.A. de C.V.
Littelfuse do Brasil Ltda.
Littelfuse da Amazonia, Ltda.
Teccor Electronics, Inc.
Teccor Delaware, Inc.
Littelfuse GP, Inc.
Littelfuse I L.P.
Teccor Electronics Mexico Holdings LLC
Teccor de Mexico s. de. R.L. de C.V.
Zie San Investment, Inc.
Littelfuse, B.V.
Littelfuse, A.G.
Littelfuse Ireland Development Co., Ltd.
Littelfuse Ireland Limited
Littelfuse U.K. Ltd.
Littelfuse Ireland Holding Ltd.
REMPAT Holding B.V.
REMPAT Financial B.V.
Littelfuse Holding GmbH
Littelfuse GmbH
Heinrich Industrie, A.G.
H.I. Verwaltungs GmbH
Wickmann Group, GmbH
H.I. Immobilien Management GmbH
Wickmann-Werke GmbH
Wilhelm PUDENZ GmbH
EFEN Gmbh
EFEN Polska Sp. Z.o.o.
EFEN Kasposvar Hungaria
Swithgear Systems, Ltd.
Littelfuse Europe Holding, B.V.
Littelfuse Far East Pte Ltd.
Littelfuse HK Limited
Suzhou Littelfuse OVS Ltd.
Littelfuse KK
Littelfuse Triad Inc.
Littelfuse Phils Inc.
Littelfuse S&L, Inc.
Dongguan EFEN Electrical Products Co.
Dongguan Wickmann Electrical Products Co.
Motherson PUDENZ Wickmann Ltd.
Wickmann Asia Ltd.
Littelfuse Beteiligungs, GmbH (Germany)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c03417exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
of Littelfuse, Inc. of our reports dated March 13, 2006, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements of Littelfuse, Inc., Littelfuse, Inc.
management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of
Littelfuse, Inc., included in the 2005 Annual Report to Stockholders of
Littelfuse, Inc.

Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of Littelfuse, Inc.
listed in Item 15(a). This schedule is the responsibility of Littelfuse, Inc.'s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In
our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered
in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly
in all material respects the information set forth therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
on Form S-8 (File No. 333-64285) of Littelfuse, Inc. of our reports dated March
13, 2006, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Littelfuse,
Inc., Littelfuse, Inc. management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting of Littelfuse, Inc., incorporated herein by reference and
our report included in the preceding paragraph with respect to the financial
statement schedule in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Littelfuse, Inc.


/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois
March 13, 2006

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c03417exv31w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1


                            SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION


I, Gordon Hunter, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse Inc.;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and internal
         control over forward reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


                  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                  caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
                  under our supervision, to ensure that material information
                  relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
                  subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
                  entities, particularly during the period in which this report
                  is being prepared;


                  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
                  or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


                  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and


                  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
                  fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
                  has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and


<PAGE>
5.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):


                  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
                  the design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and


                  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                  management or other employees who have a significant role in
                  the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.




Dated: March 16, 2006
       -----------------

                                                       /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                                       -------------------------
                                                       Gordon Hunter
                                                       Chairman, President & CEO



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c03417exv31w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2


                            SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION





I, Philip G. Franklin, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse Inc.;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and internal
         control over forward reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


                  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                  caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
                  under our supervision, to ensure that material information
                  relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
                  subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
                  entities, particularly during the period in which this report
                  is being prepared;


                  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
                  or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


                  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and


                  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
                  fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
                  has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and
<PAGE>

5.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):


                  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
                  the design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and


                  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                  management or other employees who have a significant role in
                  the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.




Dated: March 16, 2006
       -----------------

                                                     /s/ Philip G. Franklin
                                                     -------------------------
                                                     Philip G. Franklin
                                                     Vice President, Operations
                                                     Support & CFO





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c03417exv32w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 32.1

                                Littelfuse, Inc.

    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
                             18 U.S.C. Section 1350

     Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a)
and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of
the undersigned officers of Littelfuse, Inc. ("the Company") does hereby certify
that to his knowledge:

     The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2005 of
the Company (the "Form 10-K") fully complies with the requirements of section
13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information
contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


/s/ GORDON HUNTER                         /s/ PHILIP FRANKLIN
- ------------------------------            --------------------------------------
Chairman, President and                   Vice President, Operations Support and
Chief Executive Officer                   Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
