-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Rf5PxpTUcIR5X34A/FBmNHMMsukZX5N6DUMQWYSNsbXS74FRO72HBXzxQVmDI7UM
 L6V/SYGGqA4YpiS4IAEBvA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950137-07-002879.txt : 20070227
<SEC-HEADER>0000950137-07-002879.hdr.sgml : 20070227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070227172958
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-07-002879
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061230
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITTELFUSE INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SWITCHGEAR & SWITCHBOARD APPARATUS [3613]
		IRS NUMBER:				363795742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20388
		FILM NUMBER:		07654440

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7088241188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 E. NORTHWEST HWY
		CITY:			DES PLAINES
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c12654e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       Securities and Exchange Commission
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

[X]  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934

                 for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006 or

[ ]  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934

            for the transition period from ___________ to ___________

                         Commission file number 0-20388

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
                Delaware                                 36-3795742
     (State or other jurisdiction of        (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
     incorporation or organization)

       800 East Northwest Highway,
          Des Plaines, Illinois                             60016
(Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)
</TABLE>

                                  847/824-1188
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Name of
                                                              Each Exchange
                                                                On Which
Title of Each Class                                             Registered
- -------------------                                      -----------------------
<S>                                                      <C>
Common Stock, $.01 par value                             The Nasdaq Stock Market
</TABLE>

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes [ ] No [X]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes [X] No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filter and large accelerated filter" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check
one):
Large accelerated filer [X] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

     The aggregate market value of 22,335,039 shares of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $767,878,641 based on the
last reported sale price of the registrant's Common Stock as reported on The
Nasdaq Stock Market on July 1, 2006.

     As of February 16, 2007, the registrant had outstanding 22,487,280 shares
of Common Stock.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


     Portions of the following documents have been incorporated herein by
reference to the extent indicated herein:

     Littelfuse, Inc. Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") is incorporated into Part III of this Form
10-K. Littelfuse, Inc. Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended
December 30, 2006 (the "Annual Report to Stockholders") is incorporated into
Parts II and III of this Form 10-K.


                                        2

<PAGE>
                                     PART I

The statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are not historical
facts are intended to constitute "forward-looking statements" entitled to the
safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act ("PSRLA")
and that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, product
demand and market acceptance, economic conditions, the impact of competitive
products and pricing, product quality problems or product recalls, capacity and
supply difficulties or constraints, coal mining exposures in excess of reserves,
failure of an indemnification for environmental liability, exchange rate
fluctuations, commodity price fluctuations, the effect of the Company's
accounting policies, labor disputes, restructuring costs in excess of
expectations, pension plan asset returns less than assumed, integration of
acquisitions and other risks which may be detailed in the Company's Securities
and Exchange Commission filings.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Littelfuse Inc. (the "Company" or "Littelfuse") is the world's leading supplier
of circuit protection products for the electronics industry. The Company
provides the broadest line of circuit protection solutions to worldwide
customers. The Company is also the leading provider of circuit protection for
the automotive industry and the third largest producer of electrical fuses in
North America. The Company operates in three geographic segments which are the
Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The Company manufactures products and sells
to customers in all three segments. There has been and continues to be a shift
in the Company's revenues, and consequently manufacturing, to the Asia-Pacific
segment. Net sales by geographic segment, based upon the origination of the
sales, are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         FISCAL YEAR
                       (IN THOUSANDS)
               ------------------------------
                 2006       2005       2004
               --------   --------   --------
<S>            <C>        <C>        <C>
Americas       $213,564   $195,974   $234,835
Europe          112,193    114,943    105,278
Asia-Pacific    209,192    156,172    136,270
               --------   --------   --------
  Total        $534,859   $467,089   $476,833
               ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>



The Company serves customers in three major product areas of the circuit
protection market: electronic, automotive and electrical. In the electronic
market, the Company supplies leading manufacturers such as Alcatel, Celestica,
Compaq, Delta, Flextronics, Fuji, GE, HP, Huawei, Hughes, IBM, Intel, Jabil,
Legend, LG, Matsushita, Motorola, Nokia, Palm, Quanta, Samsung, Sanmina-SCI,
Sanyo, Selectron, Siemens, Sony and Toshiba. In the automotive market, the
Company's end customers include major automotive manufacturers in North America,
Europe and Asia such as BMW, DaimlerChrysler, Ford Motor, General Motors, Honda
Motor, Hyundai and Toyota. The Company also supplies wiring harness
manufacturers and auto parts suppliers worldwide, including Alcoa, Auto Zone,
Delphi, Lear, Pep Boys, Siemens VDO, Sumitomo, Valeo and Yazaki. In the
electrical market, the Company supplies representative customers such as Abbott,
Carrier, Dow Chemical, DuPont, GE, General Motors, Heinz, International Paper,
John Deere, Lithonia Lighting, Marconi, Merck, Otis Elevator, Poland Springs,
Procter & Gamble, Rockwell and 3M. See "Business Environment: Circuit Protection
Market."

The Company manufactures many of its products on fully integrated manufacturing
and assembly equipment. The Company maintains product quality through a Global
Quality Management System with all manufacturing sites certified under ISO
9001:2000. In addition, several of the Littelfuse manufacturing sites are also
certified under TS 16949 and ISO 14001.

The Company's products are sold worldwide through a direct sales force and
manufacturers' representatives. For the year ended December 30, 2006,
approximately 61.1% of the Company's net sales were to customers outside the
United States (exports and foreign operations).

References herein to "2004" or "fiscal 2004" refer to the fiscal year ended
January 1, 2005. References herein to "2005" or "fiscal 2005" refer to the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. References herein to "2006" or "fiscal
2006" refer to the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006.

The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are currently
available free of charge through the "Investor Relations" section of the
Company's Internet website (http://www.littelfuse.com) as soon as practicable
after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission as well as on the website maintained by the
SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Except as otherwise provided herein, such information
is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K.

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT: CIRCUIT PROTECTION MARKET


                                        3

<PAGE>

The Company serves customers in three major product areas of the circuit
protection market: electronic, automotive and electrical. Net sales by product
area for the periods indicated are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         FISCAL YEAR
                       (IN THOUSANDS)
               ------------------------------
                 2006       2005       2004
               --------   --------   --------
<S>            <C>        <C>        <C>
Electronic     $365,418   $305,870   $325,617
Automotive      123,620    118,595    113,690
Electrical       45,821     42,624     37,526
               --------   --------   --------
  Total        $534,859   $467,089   $476,833
               ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS

Electronic circuit protection products are used to protect circuits in a
multitude of electronic systems. The Company's product offering includes a
complete line of overcurrent and overvoltage solutions including: (1) fuses and
protectors, (2) positive temperature coefficient, (PTC) resettable fuses, (3)
varistors, (4) polymer electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors, (5) discrete
transient voltage suppression (TVS) diodes, TVS diode arrays and protection
thyristors, (6) gas discharge tubes, (7) power switching components, and (8)
fuseholders, blocks and related accessories.

Electronic fuses and protectors are devices that contain an element which melts
in an overcurrent condition. Electronic miniature and subminiature fuses are
designed to provide circuit protection in the limited space requirements of
electronic equipment. The Company's fuses are used in a wide variety of
electronic products, including wireless telephones, consumer electronics,
computers, modems and telecommunications equipment. The Company markets these
products under the following trademarked and brand names: PICO(R) II and NANO2
(R) SMF.

Resettables are positive temperature coefficient (PTC) polymer devices that
limit the current when an overcurrent condition exists and then reset themselves
once the overcurrent condition has cleared. The Company's product line offers
both radial leaded and surface mount products.

Varistors are ceramic-based high-energy absorption devices that provide
transient overvoltage and surge suppression for automotive, telecommunication,
consumer electronics and industrial applications. The Company's product line
offers both radial leaded and multilayer surface mount products.

Polymer electrostatic discharge (ESD) suppressors are polymer-based devices that
protect an electronic system from failure due to rapid transfer of electrostatic
charge to the circuit. The Company's PulseGuard(R) line of ESD suppressors is
used in PC and PC peripherals, digital consumer electronics and wireless
applications.

Discrete diodes, diode arrays and protection thyristors are fast switching
silicon semiconductor structures. Discrete diodes protect a wide variety of
applications from overvoltage transients such as ESD, inductive load switching
or lightning, while diode arrays are used primarily as ESD suppressors.
Protection thyristors are commonly used to protect telecommunications circuits
from overvoltage transients such as those resulting from lightning. Applications
include telephones, modems, data transmission lines and alarm systems. The
Company markets these products under the following trademarked brand names:
TECCOR(R), SIDACtor(R) and Battrax(R).

Gas discharge tubes are very low capacitance devices designed to suppress any
transient voltage event that is greater than the breakover voltage of the
device. These devices are primarily used in telecom interface and conversion
equipment applications as protection from overvoltage transients such as
lightning.

Power switching components are used to regulate energy to various type loads
most commonly found in industrial and home equipment. These components are
easily activated from simple control circuits or interfaced to computers for
more complex load control. Typical applications include heating, cooling,
battery chargers and lighting.

In addition to the above products, the Company is also a supplier of fuse
holders (including OMNI-BLOK(R)), fuse blocks and fuse clips primarily to
customers that purchase circuit protection devices from the Company.


                                       4

<PAGE>

AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTS

Fuses are extensively used in automobiles, trucks, buses and off-road equipment
to protect electrical circuits and the wires that supply electrical power to
operate lights, heating, air conditioning, radios, windows and other controls.
Currently, a typical automobile contains 30 to 100 fuses, depending upon the
options installed. The fuse content per vehicle is expected to continue to grow
as more electronic features are included in automobiles. The Company also
supplies fuses for the protection of electric and hybrid vehicles.

The Company is a primary supplier of automotive fuses to United States, Asian
and European automotive OEMs, automotive component parts manufacturers and
automotive parts distributors. The Company also sells its fuses in the
replacement parts market, with its products being sold through merchandisers,
discount stores and service stations, as well as under private label by national
firms. The Company invented and owns most of the U.S. patents related to the
blade type fuse which is the standard and most commonly used fuse in the
automotive industry. The Company's automotive fuse products are marketed under
the following trademarked brand names: ATO(R), MINI(R), MAXI(TM), MIDI(R),
MEGA(TM) and CablePro(TM).

A majority of the Company's North American automotive fuse sales are made to
wire harness manufacturers that incorporate the fuses into their products. The
remaining automotive fuse sales are made directly to automotive manufacturers
and through distributors who in turn sell most of their products to automotive
product wholesalers, such as warehouse distributors, discount stores and service
stations.

ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS

The Company entered the electrical market in 1983 and manufactures and sells a
broad range of low-voltage and medium-voltage circuit protection products to
electrical distributors and their customers in the construction, original
equipment manufacturers ("OEM") and industrial maintenance and repair operations
("MRO") markets.

Power fuses are used to protect circuits in various types of industrial
equipment and circuits in industrial plants, office buildings and residential
units. They are rated and listed under one of many Underwriters' Laboratories
fuse classifications. Major applications for power fuses include protection from
over-load and short-circuit currents in motor branch circuits, heating and
cooling systems, control systems, lighting circuits and electrical distribution
networks.

The Company's POWR-GARD(R) product line features the Indicator(TM) series power
fuse used in both the OEM and MRO markets. The Indicator(TM) technology provides
visual blown fuse indication at a glance, reducing maintenance and downtime on
production equipment. The Indicator(TM) product offering is widely used in motor
protection and industrial control panel applications.

PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

The Company employs scientific, engineering and other personnel to continually
improve its existing product lines and to develop new products at its research
and engineering facilities in Des Plaines, Illinois, Irving, Texas, Swindon, UK,
Dunsen, Germany and Dundalk, Ireland. The Product Technology Department
maintains a staff of engineers, chemists, material scientists and technicians
whose primary responsibility is the design and development of new products.

Proposals for the development of new products are initiated primarily by sales
and marketing personnel with input from customers. The entire product
development process ranges from several months to 18 months based on complexity
of development with continuous efforts to reduce the development cycle. During
fiscal years 2006, 2005 and 2004, the Company expended $18.7 million, $16.7
million and $16.1 million, respectively, on product design and development.

PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Company generally relies on patent and trademark laws and license and
nondisclosure agreements to protect intellectual property and proprietary
products. In cases where it is deemed necessary by management, key employees are
required to sign an agreement that they will maintain the confidentiality of the
Company's proprietary information and trade secrets. This information, for
business reasons, is not disclosed to the public.

As of December 30, 2006, the Company owned 161 patents in North America, 89
patents in the European Economic Community and 42 patents in other foreign
countries. The Company has also registered trademark protection for certain of
its brand names and logos. The 161 North American patents are in the following
product categories: 124 electronic, 22 automotive, 15 electrical fuse.


                                       5

<PAGE>

New products are continually being developed to replace older products. The
Company regularly applies for patent protection on such new products. Although
in the aggregate the Company's patents are important in the operation of its
businesses, the Company believes that the loss by expiration or otherwise of any
one patent or group of patents would not materially affect its business.

The Company has various patents acquired as part of its acquisition of SurgX
during 2006. These patents are licensed to various companies for which it the
Company receives royalty income. Income received from the licensing of these
patents is not material to the Company's operating results.

License royalties amounted to $0.4 million, $0.5 million and $0.5 million for
fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

MANUFACTURING

The Company performs the majority of its own fabrication and stamps some of the
metal components used in its fuses, holders and switches from raw metal stock
and makes its own contacts and springs. In addition, the Company fabricates
silicon wafers for certain applications and performs its own plating (silver,
nickel, zinc, tin and oxides). All thermoplastic molded component requirements
used for such products as the ATO(R), MINI(R) and MAXI(TM) fuse product lines
are met through the Company's in-house molding capabilities.

After components are stamped, molded, plated and readied for assembly, final
assembly is accomplished on fully automatic and semi-automatic assembly
machines. Quality assurance and operations personnel, using techniques such as
Statistical Process Control, perform tests, checks and measurements during the
production process to maintain the highest levels of product quality and
customer satisfaction.

The principal raw materials for the Company's products include copper and copper
alloys, heat resistant plastics, zinc, melamine, glass, silver, raw silicon,
solder and various gases. The Company depends upon a sole source for several
heat resistant plastics and zinc. The Company believes that suitable alternative
heat resistant plastics and zinc are available from other sources at prices that
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. All of the other raw
materials are purchased from a number of readily available outside sources.

A computer-aided design and manufacturing system (CAD/CAM) expedites product
development and machine design and our laboratories test new products, prototype
concepts and production run samples. The Company participates in "Just-in-Time"
delivery programs and with many of its major suppliers and actively promotes the
building of strong cooperative relationships with its suppliers by utilizing
Early Supplier Involvement techniques and involving them in pre-engineering
product and process development.

MARKETING

The Company's domestic sales and marketing staff of over 40 people maintains
relations with major OEMs and distributors. The Company's sales, marketing and
engineering personnel interact directly with the OEM engineers to ensure
appropriate circuit protection and reliability within the parameters of the
OEM's circuit design. Internationally, the Company maintains a sales and
marketing staff of over 96 people and sales offices in The Netherlands, the
U.K., France, Germany, Spain, Ireland, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Brazil, Hong
Kong, Korea, China and India. The Company also markets its products indirectly
through a worldwide organization of over 60 manufacturers' representatives and
distributes through an extensive network of electronic, automotive and
electrical distributors.

ELECTRONIC

The Company retains manufacturers' representatives to sell its electronic
products and to call on major domestic and international OEMs and distributors.
The Company distributes approximately one-fourth of its domestic products
directly to OEMs, with the remainder sold through distributors nationwide.

In the Asia-Pacific region, the Company maintains a direct sales staff and
utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors in Japan, Singapore,
Korea, Taiwan, China, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia,
Philippines, New Zealand and Australia. In Europe, the Company maintains a
direct sales force and utilizes manufacturers' representatives and distributors
to support a wide array of customers.


                                       6

<PAGE>

AUTOMOTIVE

The Company maintains a direct sales force to service all the major automotive
OEMs (including the United States manufacturing operations of foreign-based
OEMs) through both the engineering and purchasing departments of these
companies. Twenty-two manufacturers' representatives represent the Company's
products to aftermarket fuse retailers such as Autozone and Pep Boys. In Europe,
the Company uses both a direct sales force and manufacturers' representatives to
distribute its products to BMW, Volvo, Saab, Jaguar, major system suppliers and
other OEMs, as well as aftermarket distributors. In the Asia-Pacific region, the
Company uses both a direct sales force and distributors to supply to major OEM's
and system suppliers.

ELECTRICAL

The Company markets and sells its power fuses through manufacturers'
representatives across North America. These representatives sell power fuse
products through an electrical distribution network comprised of approximately
1,600 distributor buying locations. These distributors have customers that
include electrical contractors, municipalities, utilities and factories
(including both MRO and OEM).

The Company's field sales force (including regional sales managers and
application engineers) and manufacturers' representatives call on both
distributors and end-users (consulting engineers, municipalities, utilities and
OEMs) in an effort to educate these customers on the capabilities and
characteristics of the Company's products.

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company has three reportable geographic business segments: Americas, Europe
and Asia-Pacific. For information with respect to the Company's operations in
its three geographic areas for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006, see
Business Segment Information included as part of "Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data" - incorporated herein by reference.

CUSTOMERS

The Company sells to over 10,000 customers worldwide. No single customer
accounted for more than 10% of net sales during the last three years. During the
2006, 2005 and 2004 fiscal years, net sales to customers outside the United
States (exports and foreign operations) accounted for approximately 61.1%, 59.8%
and 58.5%, respectively, of the Company's total net sales.

COMPETITION

The Company's products compete with similar products of other manufacturers,
some of which have substantially greater financial resources than the Company.
In the electronics market, the Company's competitors include AVX, Bel Fuse,
Bourns, Cooper Industries, EPCOS, Raychem Division of TYCO International, San-O
Industrial Corp., and STMicroelectronics. In the automotive market, the
Company's competitors, both in sales to automobile manufacturers and in the
aftermarket, include the Bussmann Division of Cooper Industries, Pacific
Engineering Company, Ltd. and MTA in Italy. The Company licenses several of its
automotive fuse designs to the Bussmann Division of Cooper Industries. In the
electrical market, the Company's major competitors include the Bussman Division
of Cooper Industries and Ferraz Shawmut. The Company believes that it competes
on the basis of innovative products, the breadth of its product line, the
quality and design of its products and the responsiveness of its customer
service in addition to price.

BACKLOG

The backlog of unfilled orders at December 30, 2006, was approximately $85.2
million, compared to $68.5 million at December 31, 2005. Substantially all of
the orders currently in backlog are scheduled for delivery in 2006.

EMPLOYEES

As of December 30, 2006, the Company employed 6,550 persons. Approximately 31
employees in the U.S., 1260 employees in Mexico, 97 employees in Ireland and 142
employees in Germany are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The U.S.
agreement expires on March 31, 2008 for 31 employees, the Mexico agreements
expire February 28, 2007 for 890 employees and February 29, 2008 for 370
employees for Matamoros and Piedras Negras respectively, the Ireland agreement
expires March 31, 2009 for 97 employees, and the Germany agreement expires March
31, 2007 for 56 employees and June 30, 2007 for 86 employees. Overall, the
Company has historically maintained satisfactory employee relations and many of
its employees have long experience with the Company.


                                       7

<PAGE>

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION

The Company is subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations relating
to air and water quality, the disposal of hazardous waste materials, safety and
health. Compliance with applicable environmental regulations has not
significantly changed the Company's competitive position, capital spending or
earnings in the past and the Company does not presently anticipate that
compliance with such regulations will change its competitive position, capital
spending or earnings for the foreseeable future. The Company employs an
environmental engineer to monitor regulatory matters and believes that it is
currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental
laws and regulations, except with respect to its facilities located in Ireland
and Irving, Texas. The Ireland facility was acquired in October 1999 in
connection with the acquisition of the Harris suppression products division.
Certain containment actions have been ongoing and full disclosure with
appropriate agencies in Ireland has been initiated. The Company received an
indemnity from Harris Corporation with respect to these matters. The Irving,
Texas facility lease was assumed in July 2003 in connection with the acquisition
of Teccor Electronics, Inc. The Company is taking the appropriate measures to
bring this facility into compliance with Texas environmental laws, and the
Company also received an indemnity from Invensys plc with respect to this
matter. Heinrich Industries, AG ("Heinrich"), acquired by the Company in May
2004, is responsible for maintaining coal mine shaft entrances and is compliant
with German regulations pertaining to the maintenance of the mines.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to
various risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors we have identified
below. These factors are not necessarily listed in order of importance. We may
amend or supplement the risk factors from time to time by other reports that we
file with the SEC in the future.

Our Industry is Subject to Intense Competitive Pressures

We operate in markets that are highly competitive. We compete on the basis of
price, quality, service and/or brand name across the industries and markets we
serve. Competitive pressures could affect prices we charge our customers or
demand for our products.

We may not always be able to compete on price, particularly when compared to
manufacturers with lower cost structures, especially those with more significant
offshore facilities located where labor and other costs are lower than ours.
Some of our competitors have substantially greater sales, financial and
manufacturing resources and may have greater access to capital than Littelfuse.
As other companies enter our markets or develop new products, competition may
intensify further. Our failure to compete effectively could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We May be Unable to Manufacture and Deliver Products in a Manner that is
Responsive to Our Customers' Needs.

The end markets for our products are characterized by technological change,
frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changes in customer
requirements and emerging industry standards. The introduction of products
embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could
render our existing products obsolete and unmarketable before we can recover any
or all of our research, development and commercialization expenses on capital
investments. Furthermore, the life cycles of our products may change and are
difficult to estimate.

Our future success will depend upon our ability to manufacture and deliver
products in a manner that is responsive to our customers' needs. We will need to
develop and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely basis
that keep pace with technological developments and emerging industry standards
and address increasingly sophisticated requirements of our customers. We invest
heavily in research and development without knowing that we will recover these
costs. Our competitors may develop products or technologies that will render our
products non-competitive or obsolete. If we cannot develop and market new
products or product enhancements in a timely and cost-effective manner, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected.

Our Business May be Interrupted by Labor Disputes or Other Interruptions of
Supplies

A work stoppage could occur at certain of our facilities, most likely as a
result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor
unions, or in connection with negotiations of new collective bargaining
agreements. In addition, we may experience a shortage of supplies for various
reasons, such as financial distress, work stoppages, natural disasters or
production difficulties that may affect one of our suppliers. A significant work
stoppage, or an interruption or shortage of supplies for any reason, if
protracted, could substantially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.


                                       8
<PAGE>

Our Revenues May Vary Significantly from Period to Period

Our revenues may vary significantly from one accounting period to another due to
a variety of factors. Some of the principal factors that contribute to these
fluctuations may be: changes in our customers' buying decisions; changes in
demand for our products; our product mix; our effectiveness in managing
manufacturing processes; costs and timing of our component purchases; the
effectiveness of our inventory control; the degree to which we are able to
utilize our available manufacturing capacity; our ability to meet delivery
schedules; general economic and industry conditions; and local conditions and
events that may affect our production volumes, such as labor conditions and
political instability.

Our Ability to Manage Currency or Commodity Price Fluctuations or Shortages is
Limited

As a resource-intensive manufacturing operation, we are exposed to a variety of
market and asset risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. We have multiple sources of
supply for each of our major commodity requirements. However, significant
shortages that disrupt the supply of raw materials or price increases could
affect prices we charge our customers, our product costs, and the competitive
position of our products and services. We monitor and manage these exposures as
an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the
unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects
on our results. Nevertheless, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity
prices and interest rates cannot always be predicted. In addition, because of
intense price competition and our high level of fixed costs, we may not be able
to address such changes even if they are foreseeable. Substantial changes in
these rates and prices could have a substantial adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. For additional discussion of interest rate,
currency or commodity price risk, see "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risks."

The Bankruptcy or Insolvency of a Major Customer Could Adversely Affect Us

Certain of our major customers, such as those in the automotive industry, are
suffering financial hardships. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major customer
could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, the bankruptcy or insolvency of a major U.S.
auto manufacturer likely could lead to substantial disruptions in the automotive
supply base, which likely would have a substantial adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Operations and Supply Sources Located Outside the United States, Particularly in
Emerging Markets, Are Subject to Increased Risks

Our operating activities outside the United States contribute significantly to
our revenues and earnings. Serving a global customer base and remaining
competitive in the global market place may require that we place more production
in countries other than the United States, including emerging markets, to
capitalize on market opportunities and maintain a cost-efficient structure. In
addition, we source a significant amount of raw materials and other components
from third-party suppliers or joint-venture operations in low-cost countries.
Our operations outside the United States could be disrupted by a natural
disaster, labor strike, war, political unrest, terrorist activity or public
health concerns. Operations outside the United States are also subject to
certain regulatory and economic uncertainties including trade barriers and
restrictions on the exchange and fluctuations of currency. As a result, we may
experience disruptions at these operations that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We Engage in Acquisitions and May Encounter Difficulties in Integrating These
Businesses

We are a company that, from time to time, seeks to grow through strategic
acquisitions. We have in the past acquired a number of businesses or companies
and additional product lines and assets. We intend to continue to expand and
diversify our operations with additional acquisitions. The success of these
transactions depends on our ability to integrate the assets and personnel
acquired in these transactions. We may encounter difficulties in integrating
acquisitions with our operations and may not realize the degree or timing of the
benefits that we anticipated from an acquisition.

We Have Closed, Combined, Sold or Disposed of Certain Subsidiaries, Divisions or
Assets, Which in the Past Has Reduced Our Sales Volume and Resulted in
Restructuring Costs

We are a company that, from time to time, seeks to optimize its manufacturing
capabilities and efficiencies through restructurings, consolidations, plant
closings or asset sales. We may make further specific determinations to
consolidate, close or sell additional facilities. Possible adverse consequences
related to such actions may include various charges such as for idle capacity,
disposition costs, severance costs, impairments of goodwill and possibly an
immediate loss of revenues, and other items in addition to normal or attendant
risks and uncertainties. We may be unsuccessful in any of our current or future
efforts to restructure or consolidate our


                                        9

<PAGE>

business. Our plans to minimize or eliminate any loss of revenues during
restructuring or consolidation may not be achieved. These activities may have a
material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition or results of
operations.

Environmental Liabilities Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Position

Federal, state and local laws and regulations impose various restrictions and
controls on the discharge of materials, chemicals and gases used in our
manufacturing processes or in our finished goods. These environmental
regulations have required us to expend a portion of our resources and capital on
relevant compliance programs. Under other laws and regulations, we could be held
financially responsible for remedial measures if our current or former
properties are contaminated or if we send waste to a landfill or recycling
facility that becomes contaminated, even if we did not cause the contamination.
We may be subject to additional common law claims if we release substances that
damage or harm third parties. In addition, future changes in environmental laws
or regulations may require additional investments in capital equipment or the
implementation of additional compliance programs in the future. Any failure to
comply with new or existing environmental laws or regulations could subject us
to significant liabilities and could have material adverse effects on our
business, financial condition or results of operations.

In the conduct of our manufacturing operations, we have handled and do handle
materials that are considered hazardous, toxic or volatile under federal, state
and local laws. The risk of accidental release of such materials cannot be
completely eliminated. In addition, we operate or own facilities located on or
near real property that was formerly owned and operated by others. Certain of
these properties were used in ways that involved hazardous materials.
Contaminants may migrate from or within or through property. These releases or
migrations may give rise to claims. Where third parties are responsible for
contamination, the third parties may not have funds, or not make funds available
when needed, to pay remediation costs imposed upon us under environmental laws
and regulations.

We have an accrual related to coal mine shafts. The accrual is based on an
engineering study estimating the cost remediating the dangers (such as a shaft
collapse) of abandoned coal mine shafts in Germany. The reserve is calculated
based upon the cost of remediating the shafts that the study deems most risky.

We Derive a Substantial Portion of Our Revenues from Customers in the
Automotive, Computer and Communications Industries, and We are Susceptible to
Trends and Factors Affecting Those Industries as Well as the Success of Our
Customers' Products

Net sales to the automotive, consumer electronics and communications industries
represent a substantial portion of our revenues. Factors negatively affecting
these industries and the demand for products also negatively affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse occurrence,
including industry slowdown, recession, political instability, costly or
constraining regulations, armed hostilities, terrorism, excessive inflation,
prolonged disruptions in one or more of our customers' production schedules or
labor disturbances, that results in significant decline in the volume of sales
in these industries, or in an overall downturn in the business and operations of
our customers in these industries, could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, the
automotive industry is highly cyclical in nature and sensitive to changes in
general economic conditions, consumer preferences and interest rates. In
addition, the global automotive industry has overall manufacturing capacity far
exceeding demand. To the extent that demand for certain of our customers'
products decline, the demand for our products may decline. Reduced demand
relating to general economic conditions, consumer preferences, interest rates or
industry over capacity may have a material adverse effect upon our business,
financial condition or results of operations.

Inability to Maintain Access to Capital Markets May Adversely Affect Our
Business and Financial Results

Our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and
refinance maturing debt obligations may require access to the capital markets
and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. If we are
unable to access the capital markets or bank credit facilities, we could
experience a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

Fixed Costs May Reduce Operating Results if Our Sales Fall Below Expectations

Our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations for future sales.
Many of our expenses, particularly those relating to capital equipment and
manufacturing overhead, are relatively fixed. We might be unable to reduce
spending quickly enough to compensate for reductions in sales. Accordingly,
shortfalls in sales could materially and adversely affect our operating results.

The Volatility of Our Stock Price Could Affect the Value of an Investment in Our
Stock and Our Future Financial Position


                                       10

<PAGE>

The market price of our stock has fluctuated widely. Between January 1, 2006 and
December 30, 2006, the closing sale price of our common stock ranged between a
low of $26.59 and a high of $37.26, experiencing greater volatility over that
time than most of the market did. The volatility of our stock price may be
related to any number of factors, such as general economic conditions, industry
conditions, analysts' expectations concerning our results of operations, or the
volatility of our revenues as discussed above under "--Our Revenues May Vary
Significantly from Period to Period." The historic market price of our common
stock may not be indicative of future market prices. We may not be able to
sustain or increase the value of our common stock. Declines in the market price
of our stock could adversely affect our ability to retain personnel with stock
incentives, to acquire businesses or assets in exchange for stock and/or to
conduct future financing activities with or involving our common stock.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

LITTELFUSE FACILITIES

The Company's operations are located in 37 owned or leased facilities worldwide,
representing an aggregate of approximately 1,649,162 square feet. The U.S.
headquarters and largest manufacturing facility are located in Des Plaines,
Illinois, supported by the Company's North American distribution center in
nearby Elk Grove Village, Illinois. The Company has additional North American
manufacturing facilities in Arcola, Illinois, Irving, Texas and two locations in
Mexico. The European headquarters and primary European distribution center is in
the Netherlands, with manufacturing plants in the U.K., Ireland, and Germany.
Asian operations include sales and distribution centers located in Singapore,
Taiwan, Japan, China and Korea, with manufacturing plants in China, Taiwan and
the Philippines. The Company does not believe that it will encounter any
difficulty in renewing its existing leases upon the expiration of their current
terms. Management believes that the Company's facilities are adequate to meet
its requirements for the foreseeable future.

The following table provides certain information concerning the Company's
facilities:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    LEASE
                                                             SIZE       LEASE/   EXPIRATION
LOCATION                               USE                 (SQ.FT.)       OWN       DATE       PRIMARY PRODUCT
- --------                   --------------------------   -------------   ------   ----------   -----------------
<S>                        <C>                          <C>             <C>      <C>          <C>
Des Plaines, Illinois      Administrative,              340,000         Owned    --           Auto, Electronic,
                           Engineering,                                                       Electrical
                           Manufacturing,
                           Testing and Research
Elk Grove Village,         Warehousing                  50,000          Leased   2007         Auto, Electronic,
Illinois                                                                                      and Electrical
Irving, Texas              Engineering,                 101,000         Leased   2014         Electronic
                           Manufacturing,
                           Testing and Research
Brownsville, Texas         Distribution                 15,750          Leased   2009         Electronic
Birmingham, Michigan       Sales                        2,076           Leased   2011         Auto
Matamoros, Mexico          Manufacturing                77,500          Leased   2008         Electronic
Matamoros, Mexico          Administrative and           14,000          Leased   2008         Electronic
                           Manufacturing
Arcola, Illinois           Manufacturing                36,000          Owned      --         Electrical
Arcola, Illinois           Technical Support             7,000          Leased   2007         Electrical
Piedras Negras, Mexico     Administrative and           99,822          Leased   2015         Auto
                           Manufacturing
Piedras Negras, Mexico     Manufacturing                11,189          Leased   2007         Electrical
Piedras Negras, Mexico     Manufacturing                22,380          Leased   2009         Electrical
Piedras Negras, Mexico     Manufacturing                67,225          Leased   2008         Electrical
Swindon, U.K.              Administrative,              6,500           Leased   2012         Electronic
                           Marketing and
                           Sales
</TABLE>


                                       11

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<Caption>
                                                                                   LEASE
                                                          SIZE          LEASE/   EXPIRATION
LOCATIONS                  USE                          (SQ. FT.)        OWN        DATE      PRIMARY PRODUCT
- ---------                  ---                          ---------       ------   ----------   -------
<S>                        <C>                          <C>             <C>      <C>          <C>
Utrecht, the Netherlands   Sales,                       34,642          Owned    --           Auto
                           Administrative and                                                 and Electronic
                           Distribution
Essen, Germany             Administrative               8,009           Leased   2011         Electronic and
                                                                                              Auto
Eltville, Germany          Leased to third party        88,943          Owned    --           --
Bochum, Germany            Leased to third party        79,650          Owned    --           --
Essen, Germany             Leased to third party        37,670          Owned    --           --
Essen/Dortmund, Germany    Land leased to third party   --              Owned    --           --
Dunsen, Germany            Manufacturing and Sales      43,971          Owned    --           Auto
Singapore                  Sales and Distribution       8,663           Leased   2007         Electronic
Seoul, Korea               Sales                        4,589           Leased   2007         Electronic and
                                                                                              Auto
Lipa City, Philippines     Manufacturing                58,095          Owned    --           Electronic
Lipa City, Philippines     Manufacturing                22,721          Leased   2007         Electronic
Dongguan, China            Administrative and
                           Manufacturing                53,860          Leased   2009         Electronic
Suzhou, China              Manufacturing                80,732          Owned    --           Electronic
Suzhou, China              Manufacturing                12,390          Leased   2007         Electronic
Yang-Mei, Taiwan           Manufacturing,               40,080          Owned    --           Electronic
                           Sales, Distribution
                           & Administrative
Yung-Ping, Taiwan          Manufacturing,               20,860          Leased   2011         Electronic
                           Sales, Distribution
                           & Administrative
Wuxi, China                Manufacturing                49,630          Owned    --           Electronic
Hong Kong                  Sales                        8,130           Leased   2007         Electronic
Taipei, Taiwan             Sales                        1,184           Leased   2007         Electronic
Yokohama, Japan            Sales                        6,243           Leased   2009         Electronic
Yokohama, Japan            Distribution                 17,858          Leased   2007         Electronic
Sao Paulo, Brazil          Sales                        800             Leased   2009         Electronic
                                                                                              and Auto
Dundalk, Ireland           Manufacturing                120,000         Owned    --           Electronic
                                                                                              and Auto
</TABLE>

Properties with lease expirations in 2007 renew at various times throughout the
year. At this point, the Company does not anticipate any material impact as a
result of such expirations.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is not a party to any legal proceedings that it believes will have a
material adverse effect upon the conduct of its business or its financial
position.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There were no matters submitted to the Company's stockholders during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2006.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The executive officers of the Company are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                      AGE                          POSITION
- ----                      ---                          --------
<S>                       <C>   <C>
Gordon Hunter              55   Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer

Philip G. Franklin         55   Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial
                                Officer
</TABLE>


                                       12

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                      AGE                          POSITION
- ----                      ---                          --------
<S>                       <C>   <C>
Dal Ferbert                52   Vice President and General Manager of the Electrical
                                Business Unit

David W. Heinzmann         43   Vice President and General Manager of the Automotive
                                Business Unit

David R. Samyn             46   Vice President and General Manager of the Electronics
                                Business Unit

Ryan Stafford              39   General Counsel and Vice President, Human Resources

Mary S. Muchoney           61   Corporate Secretary
</TABLE>

Officers of Littelfuse are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the
discretion of the Board.

Gordon Hunter was elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
Company and President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2005. Mr.
Hunter served as Chief Operating Officer of the Company from November 2003 to
January 2005. Mr. Hunter has been a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company since June 2002, where he has served as Chairman of the Technology
Committee. Prior to joining Littelfuse, Mr. Hunter was employed with Intel
Corporation, where he was Vice President, Intel Communications Group, and
General Manager, Optical Products Group, responsible for managing the access and
optical communications business segments, from 2002 to 2003. Mr. Hunter was CEO
for Calmar Optcom during 2001. From 1997 to 2002, he also served as a Vice
President for Raychem Corporation. His experience includes 20 years with Raychem
Corporation in the United States and Europe, with responsibilities in sales,
marketing, engineering and general management.

Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and Chief Financial
Officer, has responsibility for investor relations, finance and accounting,
information systems and global supply chain functions of the Company. Mr.
Franklin joined the Company in 1998 from OmniQuip International, a $450 million
construction equipment manufacturer which he helped take public. Before that,
Mr. Franklin served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for both
Monarch Marketing Systems and Hill Refrigeration and in various roles with FMC
Corporation.

Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical Business Unit, is
responsible for the management of daily operations, sales, marketing and
strategic planning efforts of the Electrical Business Unit (POWR-GARD Products).
Mr. Ferbert joined the Company in 1976 as a member of the electronic distributor
sales team. From 1980 to 1989 he served in the Materials Management Department
as a buyer and then Purchasing Manager. In 1990, he was promoted to National
Sales Manager of the Electrical Business Unit and then promoted to his current
position in 2004.

David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager, Automotive Business
Unit, is responsible for marketing, sales, product development and manufacturing
for all automotive customers and products. Mr. Heinzmann began his career at the
Company in 1985, and possesses a broad range of experience within the
organization. He has held positions as a Manufacturing Manager, Quality Manager,
Plant Manager and Product Development Manager. Mr. Heinzmann also served as
Director of Global Operations of the Electronics Business Unit from early 2000
through 2003.

David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics Business Unit, is
responsible for marketing, sales, product development and manufacturing for all
electronics customers and products. Mr. Samyn joined the Company's management
team in January 2003 as General Manager of the Electronics Business Unit. Prior
to joining the Company, Mr. Samyn served as Vice President - Global Sales with
Airfiber, Inc., an optical wireless telecom company in San Diego, CA from 2001
to 2003. Before that, Mr. Samyn spent five years with ADC Telecommunications
where he had global sales and marketing responsibilities.

Ryan K. Stafford, General Counsel and Vice President, Human Resources., is
responsible for recruiting, developing and retaining the global workforce and
providing legal expertise. Mr. Stafford joined the Company's management team in
January 2007. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Stafford served as Vice
President of China Operations for Tyco Engineered Products & Services from 2005
to 2006 and Vice President and General Counsel of it from 2001 to 2005. He
served as Associate General Counsel for Grinnell Corporation from 1998 to 2001.
Prior to that he was with the law firm Sulloway & Hollis P.L.L.C.

Mary S. Muchoney has served as Corporate Secretary since 1991, after joining
Littelfuse in 1977. She is responsible for providing all secretarial and
administrative functions for the President and Littelfuse Board of Directors.
Ms. Muchoney is a member of the American Society of Corporate Secretaries.


                                       13

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The information set forth under "Quarterly Stock Prices" on page 32 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. As of
February 16, 2007, there were 149 holders of record of the Company's Common
Stock.

Shares of the Company's Common Stock are traded under the symbol "LFUS" on The
Nasdaq Stock Market.

The Company has not paid any cash dividends in its history. Future dividend
policy will be determined by the Board of Directors based upon their evaluation
of earnings, cash availability and general business prospects. Currently, there
are restrictions on the payment of dividends contained in the Company's credit
agreements which relate to the maintenance of a minimum net worth and certain
financial ratios.

The table below provides information with respect to purchases by the Company of
shares of its common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006:

                      ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Total Number of
                                                            Shares
                                                           Purchased
                                                          as Part of
                                                           Publicly         Maximum Number of Shares
                 Total Number of   Average Price Paid   Announced Plans    that May Yet Be Purchased
    Period      Shares Purchased        per Share         or Programs     Under the Plans or Programs
    ------      ----------------   ------------------   ---------------   ---------------------------
<S>             <C>                <C>                  <C>               <C>
October 2006              --                 --                  --                 975,000
November 2006        154,000             $31.60             154,000                 821,000
December 2006        150,000             $31.04             150,000                 671,000
Total                304,000             $31.19             304,000                 671,000
</TABLE>

The Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000
shares under a program for the period May 1, 2006 to April 30, 2007.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information set forth under "Selected Financial Data - Five Year Summary" on
page 31-32 of the Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

The information set forth under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 1 through 8 of the
Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.


                                       14

<PAGE>

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

The information set forth under "Market Risk" on page 8 of the Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the Consolidated
Financial Statements and notes thereto of the Company set forth on pages 11
through 32 of the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
December 30, 2006, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures of the Company and concluded that these disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that material information relating to the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries has been made known to them by the
employees of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries during the period
preceding the filing of this Report.

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting set forth on
page 9 of the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
reference.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information set forth under "Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference. Please also refer to the information set forth
under "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this Report. The
Company maintains a code of ethics for its chief executive officer and senior
financial officers and a code of conduct for all of its directors, officers and
associates, which are available for public viewing on the Company's web site
(www.littelfuse.com) under the heading "Investors - Corporate Governance." There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may
recommend nominees to the Company's Board of Directors in 2006.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information set forth under "Election of Directors - Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Executive Compensation" in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference, except the section captioned
"Compensation Committee Report" is hereby "furnished" and not "filed" with this
annual report on Form 10-K.


                                       15

<PAGE>
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information set forth under "Ownership of Littelfuse, Inc. Common Stock" in
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

STOCK PLAN DISCLOSURE

The following table represents the Company's equity compensation plans,
including both stockholder approved plans and non-stockholder approved plans.
The section entitled "Compensation of Directors" in the Proxy Statement contains
a summary explanation of the Stock Plan for New Directors of Littelfuse, Inc.,
which has been adopted without the approval of stockholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                  NUMBER OF SECURITIES                          REMAINING AVAILABLE
                                    TO BE ISSUED UPON      WEIGHTED-AVERAGE     FOR FUTURE ISSUANCE
                                       EXERCISE OF        EXERCISE PRICE OF        UNDER EQUITY
        PLAN CATEGORY              OUTSTANDING OPTIONS   OUTSTANDING OPTIONS    COMPENSATION PLANS
        -------------             --------------------   -------------------   --------------------
<S>                               <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Equity compensation plans
   approved by security holders          1,973,170            $  29.56               1,440,970
Equity compensation plans not
   approved by security holders             10,000            $  27.64                      --
                                         ---------            --------               ---------
Total                                    1,983,170            $  29.54               1,440,970
</TABLE>

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE

The information set forth under "Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions," "Election of Directors - Information Concerning Board of
Directors and its Committees - Policy and Procedures with Respect to Related
Person Transactions" and "Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information set forth under "Audit and Non-Audit Fees" in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)  Financial Statements and Schedules

     (1)  Financial Statements. The following financial statements included in
          the Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
          reference.

     (i)  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (page 11).

     (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 30, 2006 and December 31,
          2005 (page 12).

     (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 30,
          2006, December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005 (page 13).

     (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 30,
          2006, December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005 (page 14).

     (v)  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended
          December 30, 2006, December 31, 2005, and January 1, 2005 (page 15).

     (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (pages 16-32).


                                       16

<PAGE>

     (2)  Financial Statement Schedules. The following financial statement
          schedule is submitted herewith for the periods indicated therein.

     (i)  Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

     All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
     accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
     required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore,
     have been omitted.

     (3)  Exhibits

     See Exhibit Index on pages 20-21.

(b) Exhibits

     See Exhibit Index on pages 20-21.

(c) Financial Statement Schedules


                                       17
<PAGE>

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                ADDITIONS
                                               CHARGED TO
                                  BALANCE AT    COSTS AND                BALANCE AT
                                   BEGINNING    EXPENSES    DEDUCTIONS     END OF
          DESCRIPTION               OF YEAR        (A)          (B)         YEAR
          -----------             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                               <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Year ended December 30, 2006
   Allowance for losses on
      accounts receivable .....     $2,165       $  127       $1,309       $   983
                                    ======       ======       ======       =======
   Reserves for sales discounts
      and allowances ..........     $9,738       $6,782       $   --       $16,520
                                    ======       ======       ======       =======
Year ended December 31, 2005
   Allowance for losses on
      accounts receivable .....     $1,481       $1,206       $  522       $ 2,165
                                    ======       ======       ======       =======
   Reserves for sales discounts
      and allowances ..........     $8,538       $1,200       $   --       $ 9,738
                                    ======       ======       ======       =======
Year ended January 1, 2005
   Allowance for losses on
      accounts receivable .....     $1,042       $  591       $  152       $ 1,481
                                    ======       ======       ======       =======
   Reserves for sales discounts
      and allowances ..........     $6,428       $2,112       $    2       $ 8,538
                                    ======       ======       ======       =======
</TABLE>

(A)  Allowance for losses on accounts receivable includes acquired balances of
     $123 for Heinrich in fiscal year 2004.

(B)  Write-off of uncollectible accounts, net of recoveries and foreign currency
     translation.


                                       18

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                        Littelfuse, Inc.


                                        By /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Gordon Hunter,
                                           Chairman of the Board of Directors,
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: February 27, 2007

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 27, 2007.


/s/ Gordon Hunter                       Chairman of the Board of Directors,
- -------------------------------------   President and Chief Executive Officer
Gordon Hunter                           (Principal Executive Officer)


/s/ John P. Driscoll                    Director
- -------------------------------------
John P. Driscoll


/s/ Anthony Grillo                      Director
- -------------------------------------
Anthony Grillo


/s/ Bruce A. Karsh                      Director
- -------------------------------------
Bruce A. Karsh


/s/ John E. Major                       Director
- -------------------------------------
John E. Major


/s/ William P. Noglows                  Director
- -------------------------------------
William P. Noglows


/s/ Ronald L. Schubel                   Director
- -------------------------------------
Ronald L. Schubel


/s/ Philip G. Franklin                  Vice President, Operations Support and
- -------------------------------------   Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Philip G. Franklin                      Financial and Principal Accounting
                                        Officer)


                                       19

<PAGE>

                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NUMBER                            DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT ------
- ---------------------- <S>      <C>
3(I)     Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date (filed as exhibit 3(I)
         to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 1998
         (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

3(I)A    Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (filed as
         exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December
         1, 1995 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

3(II)    Bylaws, as amended to date (filed as exhibit 3(II) to the Company's
         Form 8-K dated February 2, 2007 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
         incorporated herein by reference).


10.1     Employment Agreement dated as of May 1, 2006, between Littelfuse, Inc.
         and Gordon Hunter (filed as exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form 8-K
         dated May 5, 2006 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein
         by reference).

10.2     1993 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., as
         amended (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
         quarterly period ended July 2, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

10.3     Littelfuse, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as
         exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December
         31, 1993 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

10.4     Littelfuse Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors, as
         amended (filed as exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
         quarterly period ended July 2, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

10.5     Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1, 2006,
         between Littelfuse, Inc. and Gordon Hunter.

10.6     Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1, 2006,
         between Littelfuse, Inc. and Philip G. Franklin.


10.7     Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1, 2006,
         between Littelfuse, Inc. and David R. Samyn.


10.8     Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1, 2006,
         between Littelfuse, Inc. and David W. Heinzmann.

10.9     Change of Control Employment Agreement dated as of September 1, 2006,
         betweeen Littelfuse, Inc. and Hugh Dalsen Ferbert.


10.10    Stock Plan for New Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (filed as exhibit 10.2
         to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2005
         (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.11    Bank credit agreement among Littelfuse, Inc., as borrower, the lenders
         named therein and the Bank of America N.A., as agent, dated as of
         July 21, 2006 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for
         the quarterly period ended September 30, 2006 (1934 Act File No.
         0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.12    Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc., as amended
         (filed as exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
         period ended July 2, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
         herein by reference).

10.13    Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan dated January 1, 1992, as amended and
         restated (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Form 10-K for the
         fiscal year ended December 29, 2001 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

10.14    First Amendment to the Littelfuse, Inc. Retirement Plan (filed as
         exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 28, 2002 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein
         by reference).

10.15    Littelfuse, Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan (filed as exhibit 4.8 to the
         Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992 (1934
         Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.16    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1993 Stock Plan
         for Employees and Directors of
</TABLE>


                                       20

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NUMBER                            DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- ------                            ----------------------
<S>      <C>
         Littelfuse, Inc. for employees of the Company (filed as exhibit 99.1 to
         the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2004 (1934
         Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by reference).

10.17    Form of Performance Shares Agreement under the 1993 Stock Plan
         for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (filed as exhibit
         10.23 to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended
         January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

10.18    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1993
         Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. for
         non-employee directors of the Company (filed as exhibit
         10.24 to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended
         January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

10.19    Summary of Executive Officer Compensation.

10.20    Summary of Director Compensation.

10.21    Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and Agreement for
         Deferred Compensation between Littelfuse, Inc. and Gordon Hunter (filed
         as exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein
         by reference).

10.22    Littelfuse, Inc. Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as exhibit A
         to Company Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on
         May 5, 2006 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

10.23    Littelfuse, Inc. Outside Directors' Stock Option Plan (filed as exhibit
         B to Company Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on
         May 5, 2006 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

10.24    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Littelfuse, Inc.
         Outside Directors' Stock Option Plan (filed as exhibit 99.6 to the
         Company's Form 8-K dated May 5, 2006 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

10.25    Form of Performance Share Agreement under the Littelfuse, Inc. Equity
         Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as exhibit 99.5 to the Company's
         Form 8-K dated May 5, 2006 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated
         herein by reference).

10.26    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Littelfuse, Inc.
         Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as exhibit 99.4 to the
         Company's Form 8-K dated May 5, 2006 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

13.1     Portions of Littelfuse Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal
         year ended December 30, 2006.

14.1     Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Financial Officers (filed as
         exhibit 14.1 to the Company's Form 10-K for the annual period ended
         January 1, 2005 (1934 Act File No. 0-20388) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

21.1     Subsidiaries.

23.1     Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

31.1     Certification of Gordon Hunter, Pursuant to Section 302 of the
         Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2     Certification of Philip Franklin, Pursuant to Section 302 of the
         Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1*    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
         2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
</TABLE>

     Except for Exhibit 10.11, Exhibits 10.1 through 10.26 are management
     contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.

*    Furnished, not filed.


                                       21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>c12654exv10w5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT FOR GORDON HUNTER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.5

                               CHANGE OF CONTROL
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1st day of September,
2006, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as the "Company"), and GORDON HUNTER (hereinafter referred to as the
"Executive");

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
the "Board") has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders to provide the Executive with certain protections against the
uncertainties usually created by a Change of Control (as such term is
hereinafter defined); and

      WHEREAS, the Board believes that the protections provided to the Executive
in connection with a Change of Control will better enable the Executive to
devote his full time, attention and energy to the business of the Company prior
to and after a Change of Control, thereby benefitting the Company and its
stockholders;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as
follows:

      Section 1. Certain Definitions. (a) The "Effective Date" shall mean the
first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)
hereof) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2 hereof) occurs.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if a
Change of Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is
reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i)
was at the direct or indirect request of a third party who theretofore had taken
any steps intended to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise arose in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all purposes
of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately prior to
the date of such termination of employment.

      (b) The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending on January 1, 2009.

      Section 2. Change of Control. For the purpose of this Agreement, a "Change
of Control" shall mean:

            (a) The acquisition in one or more transactions by any individual,
      entity or group (hereinafter referred to collectively as a "Person")
      within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended (hereinafter referred

<PAGE>

      to as the "Exchange Act"), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of,
      and calculated in accordance with, Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
      Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of
      common stock of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company stock") or (ii) the combined voting power of the then
      outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in
      the election of directors (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this
      subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change
      of Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any
      acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit
      plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
      corporation controlled by the Company, (iv) any acquisition by any
      corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i),
      (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2 or (v) any acquisition
      by Oaktree Capital Management, LLC, a California limited liability
      company, or any of its Affiliates or Associates (as used herein, the terms
      "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to
      such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
      Exchange Act); or

            (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to
      constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any
      individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
      election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was
      approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising
      the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a
      member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such
      individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an
      actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or
      removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
      or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

            (c) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
      sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
      Company (hereinafter referred to as a "Business Combination") unless,
      following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the
      individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of
      the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
      own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then
      outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the
      then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
      election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting
      from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a
      corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
      or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through
      one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the
      Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation
      resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or
      related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such
      Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or
      more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination,
      or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of
      such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to
      the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of
      the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business
      Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the
      execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board,
      providing for such Business Combination; or

            (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
      liquidation or dissolution of the Company within one year after a Business
      Combination.

      Section 3. Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to continue to
employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain as an employee
of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of
such date (the "Employment Period").

      Section 4. Terms of Employment.

      (a) Position and Duties. (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the
Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held,
exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed
at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the
Effective Date or any office or location less than 20 miles from such location.

      (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation
and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to
devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the
business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge
the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's
reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall not
thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

      (b) Compensation. (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall receive an annual base salary (hereinafter referred to as the
"Annual Base Salary"), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, equal to at least
twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base
salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period
immediately preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the
Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12
months after the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the
Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base
Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive
under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such
increase and the term Annual Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer
to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term
"affiliated companies" shall include any company controlled by, controlling or
under common control with the Company.

      (ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to the Annual Base Salary, the Executive
shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, an
annual bonus (hereinafter referred to as the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least
equal to the Executive's highest bonus under the Company's incentive bonus
program or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plan, for the
last three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (annualized in the
event that the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such
fiscal year) (hereinafter referred to as the "Recent Annual Bonus"). Each such
Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the fifteenth day of the third month of
the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is
awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual
Bonus. Any such deferral election shall be made not later than the first day of
the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is paid, and shall be made in
accordance with policies adopted by the Company in compliance with Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") and any final regulations issued
pursuant thereto.

      (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings
and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no
event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive
with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special
incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is
applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each
case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those
provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under
such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the Executive
and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for
participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans,
practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated
companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
disability, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident
insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer
executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall
such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits
which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such
plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time
during the
                                      -4-
<PAGE>
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the
Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated
companies.

      (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by
the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and
procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at
any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

      (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial
planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an
automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most
favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during
the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with
respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies,
programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect
for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding
the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect
generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the
Company and its affiliated companies.

      Section 5. Termination of Employment.

      (a) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the
Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant
to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give written notice to
the Executive of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such
event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on
the 30th day after delivery of such notice to the Executive (the "Disability
Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days after such delivery, the
Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive's
duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the absence of
the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis
for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent
by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable
to the Executive or the Executive's legal representative.

      (b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the
Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

            (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform
      substantially the Executive's duties with the Company (other than any such
      failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness),
      after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the
      Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which
      the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the
      Executive's duties and such failure is not cured within sixty (60)
      calendar days after receipt of such written demand; or

            (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or
      gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the
      Company.

For purposes of this provision, any act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive in violation or contravention of any order, resolution or directive of
the Board of Directors of the Company shall be considered "willful" unless such
order, resolution or directive is illegal or in violation of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company; provided, however, that no other act or
failure to act on the part of the Executive, shall be considered "willful,"
unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or
without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the
best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority
given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company
or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and
in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the
Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have
been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after
reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an
opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that,
in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct
described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars
thereof in detail.

      (c) Good Reason. The Executive's employment may be terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall
mean:

            (i) the Executive is not elected to, or is removed from, any elected
      office of the Company which the Executive held immediately prior to the
      Effective Date;

            (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in
      any respect with the Executive's position, authority, duties or
      responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) hereof, or any other
      action by the Company which results in a diminution in

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      such position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this
      purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad
      faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of
      notice thereof given by the Executive;

            (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
      provisions of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and
      inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by
      the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the
      Executive;

            (iv) the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on Company
      business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior
      to the Effective Date; or

            (v) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's
      employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

      (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by
the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to
the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 12(b) hereof. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice
which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination
(as defined below) is other than the date of delivery of such notice, specifies
the termination date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the
delivery of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set
forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to
a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or
the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company,
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

      (e) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" means (i) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the
Executive for Good Reason, the date of delivery of the Notice of Termination or
any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the
Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the
Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated
by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of
death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be, and
(iv) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Executive without Good
Reason, the last day of employment of the Executive with the Company.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      Section 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

      (a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability. If, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's employment other
than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate his employment for
Good Reason:

            (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash the
      aggregate of the amounts set forth in A. and B. below. Such amount shall
      be paid within 30 days after the Date of Termination; provided, however,
      that if, and only if, the Executive notifies the Company that she has
      determined in good faith that payment of such amount, or any portion
      thereof, would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such
      amount, or portion, shall instead be paid on the first day that is six
      months after the Date of Termination.

                  A. the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through
            the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, plus (2)
            the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus and
            (II) the Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or
            portion thereof which has been earned but deferred (and annualized
            for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or
            during which the Executive was employed for less than twelve full
            months), for the most recently completed fiscal year during the
            Employment Period, if any (such higher amount being hereinafter
            referred to as the "Highest Annual Bonus") multiplied by (y) a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
            current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the
            denominator of which is 365 plus (3) any compensation previously
            deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or
            earnings thereon) and any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the
            extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in
            clauses (1), (2) and (3) are hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued
            Obligations"); and

                  B. the amount equal to the product of (1) two multiplied by
            (2) the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary plus (y) the
            Highest Annual Bonus;

            (ii) during the two years following the Date of Termination, the
      Company shall continue to provide medical insurance benefits to the
      Executive and/or the Executive's family at least equal to those which
      would have been provided to them in accordance with the medical insurance
      benefits described in Section 4(b)(iv) hereof if the Executive's
      employment had not been terminated; provided, however, that if the
      Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to
      receive medical insurance benefits under another employer-provided plan,
      the medical insurance benefits described herein shall be secondary to
      those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of
      eligibility;

            (iii) for a period of up to two (2) years after the Date of
      Termination, the Company shall provide outplacement services to the
      Executive for the purpose of

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

      assisting the Executive seek new employment at a cost to the Company not
      to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Executive's Annual Base Salary,
      payable directly to an outplacement service provider; provided, however,
      that the Company shall have no further obligations to pay for any such
      outplacement services once the Executive has accepted employment with any
      third party;

            (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any stock
      option plans pursuant to which the Executive has been granted any stock
      options or other rights to acquire securities of the Company or its
      Affiliates (the "Plans"), any option or right granted to the Executive
      under any of the Plans shall be exercisable by the Executive until the
      earlier of (x) the date on which the option or right terminates in
      accordance with the terms of its grant, or (y) the expiration of twelve
      (12) months after the Date of Termination;

            (v) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company
      shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits
      required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to
      receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or
      agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts
      and benefits shall hereinafter be referred to collectively as the "Other
      Benefits"); and

            (vi) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any
      employment agreement, benefit plan or other document, in the event the
      Executive's employment shall be terminated during the Employment Period by
      the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than for Cause or
      Disability, on and after the Date of Termination the Executive shall not
      be bound or prejudiced by any non-competition agreement benefitting the
      Company or its subsidiaries.

      (b) Death. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the
Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations by the Company to the Executive's legal
representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued
Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued
Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination.
With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include, without limitation, and the
Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits
at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and
affiliated companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the
Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and
policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other
peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (c) Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of
the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations by the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within
30 days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other
Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as utilized in this Section 6(c) shall
include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date
to receive, disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable
of those generally provided by the Company and its affiliated companies to
disabled executives and/or their families in accordance with such plans,
programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect
generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time
during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Executive's employment shall
be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive (x) his Annual Base Salary through the Date of
Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the
Executive, and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore
unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment during the
Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations of the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be
paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of
Termination and the Company shall timely pay or provide the Other Benefits to
the Executive. In no event shall the Executive be liable to the Company for any
damages caused by such voluntary termination by the Executive nor shall the
Executive be in any way restricted from being employed by any other party after
such voluntary termination.

      Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 12(f)
hereof, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the
Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or
program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its
affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement, except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

      Section 8. Full Settlement. The Company's obligation to make the payments
provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the
Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts
shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. The
Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all
legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of
any contest by the Company, the Executive or others in which the Executive is
the prevailing party and which involves or relates to the validity or
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

(including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any
payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed
payment from the due date thereof until paid at the prime rate from time to time
reported in The Wall Street Journal during said period.

      Section 9. Certain Additional Payments by the Company. (a) Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company
to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but
determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section
9, except as provided in the last sentence of this Section 9(a) (hereinafter
referred to collectively as a "Payment") would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by
the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with
any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Excise Tax"), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional
payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that, after payment by the
Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect
to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any
interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon
the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment
equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments. Regardless of whether the
Executive is subject to an Excise Tax, in the event that the Company fails to
defer payment of the amount described in Section 6(a)(i) in accordance with the
proviso to the second sentence thereof, and it is subsequently determined that
Executive is subject to the additional tax and interest provided in Section
409(a)(1)(B) of the Code with respect to any portion of such payment (such
additional tax, together with any interest and penalties thereon, are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Section 409A Penalty") then
Executive shall also be entitled to receive an additional payment (a "Section
409A Gross-Up) calculated in the same manner as a Gross-Up Payment by
substituting "Section 409A Penalty" for "Excise Tax" for all purposes of this
Section 9. The Section 409A Gross-Up shall be considered a Payment for purposes
of calculation of any Gross-Up Penalty.

      (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c) hereof, all determinations
required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up
Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions
to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by Ernst & Young
LLP or such other independent certified public accounting firm as may be
designated by the Executive (hereinafter referred to as the "Accounting Firm")
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the
Executive within 15 business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive
that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the
Company. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or
auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the
Executive shall appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make
the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be
referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as
determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to the
Executive within five days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's
determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon
the Company

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section
4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm
hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made
by the Company should have been made (hereinafter referred to as the
"Underpayment") consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder.
In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 9(c)
hereof and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise
Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has
occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or
for the benefit of the Executive.

      (c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the
Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive is informed
in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such
claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

            (i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the
      Company relating to such claim,

            (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as
      the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
      including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
      to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

            (iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively
      to contest such claim, and

            (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating
      to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct
the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or to contest the
claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such
contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of
initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall
determine; provided, however, that if the

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

Company directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the
Company shall advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an
interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or
penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with
respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance. The Company's
control of any such contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which a
Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive shall be entitled
to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

      (d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the
Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, the Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to
the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 9(c) hereof) promptly
pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof,
a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund
with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in
writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration
of 30 days after such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and
shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset,
to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

      Section 10. Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a
fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential
information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated
companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by
the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other
than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation
of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive's employment with the
Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or
divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company
and those designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the
provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding
any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement or
any termination of the employment of the Executive with the Company.

      Section 11. Successors. (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive
and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by
the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
Executive's legal representatives.

      (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Company and its successors and assigns.

      (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it
if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the term
"Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to
its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this
Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.

      Section 12. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without
reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto
or their respective successors and legal representatives.

      (b) Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which
may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been properly given when delivered personally at the
address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at
such address, when sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the
respective facsimile transmission numbers of the parties set forth below with
telephone confirmation of receipt, or when sent by recognized overnight courier
or by the United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

            If to the Company:

            Littelfuse, Inc.
            800 E. Northwest Highway
            Des Plaines, Illinois  60016
            Attention: President (unless the Executive is
                         the President, in which case the
                         communication should be to the
                         attention of all of the Directors
                         of the Company other than the
                         Executive)
            Facsimile: (847) 824-3864
            Confirm:   (847) 391-0304

            If to the Executive:

            Gordon Hunter

            Facsimile: _____________
            Confirm: _____________

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of
such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to
time designate by written notice to the other party hereto. Each notice,
request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed given and received for all purposes of this
Agreement as of two business days after the date of deposit thereof for mailing
in a duly

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

constituted United States post office or branch thereof, one business day after
deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon confirmation of
receipt of any facsimile transmission. Notice given to a party hereto by any
other method shall only be deemed to be given and received when actually
received in writing by such party.

      (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement.

      (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement
such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

      (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict
compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to promptly
assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including,
without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good
Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) hereof, shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this
Agreement.

      (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may
otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is "at will"
and, subject to Section 1(a) hereof and/or any other written agreement between
the Executive and the Company, prior to the Effective Date the Executive's
employment and/or this Agreement may be terminated by either the Executive or
the Company at any time prior to the Effective Date upon written notice to the
other party, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this
Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any
other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

      (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Change of
Control Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                          ______________________________________
                                                      GORDON HUNTER

                                          LITTELFUSE, INC.

                                          By

                                            Its_________________________________

                                      -16-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c12654exv10w6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH PHILIP G. FRANKLIN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

                                CHANGE OF CONTROL
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1st day of September,
2006, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as the "Company"), and PHILIP G. FRANKLIN (hereinafter referred to
as the "Executive");

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
the "Board") has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders to provide the Executive with certain protections against the
uncertainties usually created by a Change of Control (as such term is
hereinafter defined); and

      WHEREAS, the Board believes that the protections provided to the Executive
in connection with a Change of Control will better enable the Executive to
devote his full time, attention and energy to the business of the Company prior
to and after a Change of Control, thereby benefiting the Company and its
stockholders;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as
follows:

      Section 1. Certain Definitions. (a) The "Effective Date" shall mean the
first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)
hereof) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2 hereof) occurs.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if a
Change of Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is
reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i)
was at the direct or indirect request of a third party who theretofore had taken
any steps intended to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise arose in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all purposes
of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately prior to
the date of such termination of employment.

      (b) The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending on January 1, 2009.

      Section 2. Change of Control. For the purpose of this Agreement, a "Change
of Control" shall mean:

            (a) The acquisition in one or more transactions by any individual,
      entity or group (hereinafter referred to collectively as a "Person")
      within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended (hereinafter referred

<PAGE>
      to as the "Exchange Act"), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of,
      and calculated in accordance with, Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
      Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of
      common stock of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company Common Stock") or (ii) the combined voting power of the then
      outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in
      the election of directors (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this
      subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change
      of Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any
      acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit
      plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
      corporation controlled by the Company, (iv) any acquisition by any
      corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i),
      (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2 or (v) any acquisition
      by Oaktree Capital Management, LLC, a California limited liability
      company, or any of its Affiliates or Associates (as used herein, the terms
      "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to
      such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
      Exchange Act); or

            (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to
      constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any
      individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
      election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was
      approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising
      the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a
      member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such
      individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an
      actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or
      removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
      or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

            (c) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
      sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
      Company (hereinafter referred to as a "Business Combination") unless,
      following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the
      individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of
      the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
      own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then
      outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the
      then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
      election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting
      from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a
      corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
      or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through
      one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the
      Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation
      resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or
      related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such
      Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or
      more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination,
      or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of
      such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to
      the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of
      the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business
      Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the
      execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board,
      providing for such Business Combination; or

            (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
      liquidation or dissolution of the Company within one year after a Business
      Combination.

      Section 3. Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to continue to
employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain as an employee
of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of
such date (the "Employment Period").

      Section 4. Terms of Employment.

      (a) Position and Duties. (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the
Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held,
exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed
at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the
Effective Date or any office or location less than 20 miles from such location.

      (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation
and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to
devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the
business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge
the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's
reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall not
thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

      (b) Compensation. (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall receive an annual base salary (hereinafter referred to as the
"Annual Base Salary"), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, equal to at least
twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base
salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period
immediately preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the
Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12
months after the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the
Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base
Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive
under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such
increase and the term Annual Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer
to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term
"affiliated companies" shall include any company controlled by, controlling or
under common control with the Company.

      (ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to the Annual Base Salary, the Executive
shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, an
annual bonus (hereinafter referred to as the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least
equal to the Executive's highest bonus under the Company's incentive bonus
program or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plan, for the
last three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (annualized in the
event that the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such
fiscal year) (hereinafter referred to as the "Recent Annual Bonus"). Each such
Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the fifteenth day of the third month of
the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is
awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual
Bonus. Any such deferral election shall be made not later than the first day of
the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is paid, and shall be made in
accordance with policies adopted by the Company in compliance with Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") and any final regulations issued
pursuant thereto.

      (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings
and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no
event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive
with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special
incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is
applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each
case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those
provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under
such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the Executive
and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for
participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans,
practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated
companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
disability, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident
insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer
executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall
such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits
which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such
plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time
during the

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the
Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated
companies.

      (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by
the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and
procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at
any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

      (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial
planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an
automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most
favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during
the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with
respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies,
programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect
for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding
the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect
generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the
Company and its affiliated companies.

      Section 5. Termination of Employment.

      (a) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the
Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant
to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give written notice to
the Executive of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such
event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on
the 30th day after delivery of such notice to the Executive (the "Disability
Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days after such delivery, the
Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive's
duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the absence of
the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis
for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent
by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable
to the Executive or the Executive's legal representative.

      (b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the
Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

            (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform
      substantially the Executive's duties with the Company (other than any such
      failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness),
      after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the
      Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which
      the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the
      Executive's duties and such failure is not cured within sixty (60)
      calendar days after receipt of such written demand; or

            (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or
      gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the
      Company.

For purposes of this provision, any act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive in violation or contravention of any order, resolution or directive of
the Board of Directors of the Company shall be considered "willful" unless such
order, resolution or directive is illegal or in violation of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company; provided, however, that no other act or
failure to act on the part of the Executive, shall be considered "willful,"
unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or
without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the
best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority
given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company
or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and
in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the
Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have
been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after
reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an
opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that,
in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct
described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars
thereof in detail.

      (c) Good Reason. The Executive's employment may be terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall
mean:

            (i) the Executive is not elected to, or is removed from, any elected
      office of the Company which the Executive held immediately prior to the
      Effective Date;

            (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in
      any respect with the Executive's position, authority, duties or
      responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) hereof, or any other
      action by the Company which results in a diminution in

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      such position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this
      purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad
      faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of
      notice thereof given by the Executive;

            (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
      provisions of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and
      inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by
      the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the
      Executive;

            (iv) the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on Company
      business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior
      to the Effective Date; or

            (v) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's
      employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

      (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by
the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to
the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 12(b) hereof. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice
which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination
(as defined below) is other than the date of delivery of such notice, specifies
the termination date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the
delivery of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set
forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to
a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or
the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company,
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

      (e) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" means (i) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the
Executive for Good Reason, the date of delivery of the Notice of Termination or
any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the
Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the
Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated
by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of
death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be, and
(iv) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Executive without Good
Reason, the last day of employment of the Executive with the Company.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      Section 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

      (a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability. If, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's employment other
than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate his employment for
Good Reason:

            (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash the
      aggregate of the amounts set forth in A. and B. below. Such amount shall
      be paid within 30 days after the Date of Termination; provided, however,
      that if, and only if, the Executive notifies the Company that he has
      determined in good faith that payment of such amount, or any portion
      thereof, would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such
      amount, or portion, shall instead be paid on the first day that is six
      months after the Date of Termination.

                  A. the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through
            the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, plus (2)
            the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus and
            (II) the Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or
            portion thereof which has been earned but deferred (and annualized
            for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or
            during which the Executive was employed for less than twelve full
            months), for the most recently completed fiscal year during the
            Employment Period, if any (such higher amount being hereinafter
            referred to as the "Highest Annual Bonus") multiplied by (y) a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
            current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the
            denominator of which is 365 plus (3) any compensation previously
            deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or
            earnings thereon) and any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the
            extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in
            clauses (1), (2) and (3) are hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued
            Obligations"); and

                  B. the amount equal to the product of (1) two multiplied by
            (2) the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary plus (y) the
            Highest Annual Bonus;

            (ii) the Company shall credit as of the Date of Termination the
      Account of the Executive under the Littelfuse, Inc. Supplemental Executive
      Retirement Plan (hereinafter referred to as the "SERP") with an amount
      equal to the sum of the two respective amounts which would be credited to
      the Account of the Executive under the SERP on the two Valuation Dates (as
      such term is defined in the SERP) next succeeding the Date of Termination
      assuming (A) the Executive would continue to be employed by the Company up
      to and including said second Valuation Date (hereinafter said period from
      the Date of Termination until said second Valuation Date is referred to as
      the "Assumed Employment Period"), (B) the Compensation (as such term is
      defined in the SERP) of the Executive during each fiscal year during the
      Assumed Employment Period would be equal to the amount of the Compensation
      of the Executive during the most recently ended Plan Year (as such term is
      defined in the SERP) prior to the Date of Termination, and (C) the

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

      Company would continue the SERP up to and including said second Valuation
      Date; provided, however, that if the Executive would reach the age 62
      prior to the expiration of the Assumed Employment Period, no amounts shall
      be credited to the Account of the Executive under the SERP for any
      Valuation Date occurring after the date that the Executive reaches age 62;

            (iii) during the two years following the Date of Termination, the
      Company shall continue to provide medical insurance benefits to the
      Executive and/or the Executive's family at least equal to those which
      would have been provided to them in accordance with the medical insurance
      benefits described in Section 4(b)(iv) hereof if the Executive's
      employment had not been terminated; provided, however, that if the
      Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to
      receive medical insurance benefits under another employer-provided plan,
      the medical insurance benefits described herein shall be secondary to
      those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of
      eligibility;

            (iv) for a period of up to two (2) years after the Date of
      Termination, the Company shall provide outplacement services to the
      Executive for the purpose of assisting the Executive seek new employment
      at a cost to the Company not to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the
      Executive's Annual Base Salary, payable directly to an outplacement
      service provider; provided, however, that the Company shall have no
      further obligations to pay for any such outplacement services once the
      Executive has accepted employment with any third party;

            (v) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any stock
      option plans pursuant to which the Executive has been granted any stock
      options or other rights to acquire securities of the Company or its
      Affiliates (the "Plans"), any option or right granted to the Executive
      under any of the Plans shall be exercisable by the Executive until the
      earlier of (x) the date on which the option or right terminates in
      accordance with the terms of its grant, or (y) the expiration of twelve
      (12) months after the Date of Termination;

            (vi) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company
      shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits
      required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to
      receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or
      agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts
      and benefits shall hereinafter be referred to collectively as the "Other
      Benefits"); and

            (vii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any
      employment agreement, benefit plan or other document, in the event the
      Executive's employment shall be terminated during the Employment Period by
      the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than for Cause or
      Disability, on and after the Date of Termination the Executive shall not
      be bound or prejudiced by any non-competition agreement benefitting the
      Company or its subsidiaries and any provisions contained in the SERP which
      would penalize the Executive for being employed by a competitor,
      including, without limitation,

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

      Section 3.6(c) thereof, shall not apply in any respect to the Executive
      and, effective as of the Date of Termination, the Company waives any right
      to enforce any such provisions against the Executive.

      (b) Death. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the
Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations by the Company to the Executive's legal
representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued
Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued
Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination.
With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include, without limitation, and the
Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits
at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and
affiliated companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the
Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and
policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other
peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (c) Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of
the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations by the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the
Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. With
respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(c) shall include, and the Executive shall be entitled
after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits at
least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the Company and
its affiliated companies to disabled executives and/or their families in
accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to
disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other peer executives
and their families at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding
the Effective Date.

      (d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Executive's employment shall
be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive (x) his Annual Base Salary through the Date of
Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the
Executive, and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore
unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment during the
Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations of the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be
paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of
Termination and the Company shall timely pay or provide the Other Benefits to
the Executive. In no event shall the Executive be liable to the Company for any
damages caused by such voluntary termination by the Executive nor shall the
Executive be in any way restricted from being employed by any other party after
such voluntary termination.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

      Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 12(f)
hereof, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the
Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or
program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its
affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement, except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

      Section 8. Full Settlement. The Company's obligation to make the payments
provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the
Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts
shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. The
Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all
legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of
any contest by the Company, the Executive or others in which the Executive is
the prevailing party and which involves or relates to the validity or
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by the
Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in
each case interest on any delayed payment from the due date thereof until paid
at the prime rate from time to time reported in The Wall Street Journal during
said period.

      Section 9. Certain Additional Payments by the Company. (a) Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company
to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but
determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section
9, except as provided in the last sentence of this Section 9(a)) (hereinafter
referred to collectively as a "Payment") would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by
the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with
any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Excise Tax"), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional
payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that, after payment by the
Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect
to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any
interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon
the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment
equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments. Regardless of whether the
Executive is subject to an Excise Tax, in the event that the Company fails to
defer payment of the amount described in Section 6(a)(i) in accordance with the
proviso to the second sentence thereof, and it is subsequently determined that
Executive is subject to the additional tax and interest provided in Section
409(a)(1)(B) of the Code with respect to any

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

portion of such payment (such additional tax, together with any interest and
penalties thereon, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Section 409A
Penalty") then Executive shall also be entitled to receive an additional payment
(a "Section 409A Gross-Up") calculated in the same manner as a Gross-Up Payment
by substituting "Section 409A Penalty" for "Excise Tax" for all purposes of this
Section 9. The Section 409A Gross-Up shall be considered a Payment for purposes
of calculation of any Gross-Up Penalty.

      (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c) hereof, all determinations
required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up
Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions
to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by Ernst & Young
LLP or such other independent certified public accounting firm as may be
designated by the Executive (hereinafter referred to as the "Accounting Firm")
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the
Executive within 15 business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive
that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the
Company. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or
auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the
Executive shall appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make
the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be
referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as
determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to the
Executive within five days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's
determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon
the Company and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the application
of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the
Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which will not
have been made by the Company should have been made (hereinafter referred to as
the "Underpayment") consistent with the calculations required to be made
hereunder. In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to
Section 9(c) hereof and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment
of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the
Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid
by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive.

      (c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the
Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive is informed
in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such
claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

            (i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the
      Company relating to such claim,

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

            (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as
      the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
      including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
      to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

            (iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively
      to contest such claim, and

            (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating
      to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct
the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or to contest the
claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such
contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of
initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall
determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs the Executive to pay
such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the amount of such
payment to the Executive, on an interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold
the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax
(including interest or penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to
such advance or with respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance.
The Company's control of any such contest shall be limited to issues with
respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive
shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue
raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

      (d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the
Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, the Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to
the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 9(c) hereof) promptly
pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof,
a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund
with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in
writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration
of 30 days after such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and
shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset,
to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

      Section 10. Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a
fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential
information, knowledge or data relating

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

to the Company or any of its affiliated companies, and their respective
businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the
Executive's employment by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and
which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the
Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement).
After termination of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive
shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise
be required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any such
information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and those
designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the provisions of
this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding any amounts
otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. The provisions of this
Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement or any termination of
the employment of the Executive with the Company.

      Section 11. Successors. (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive
and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by
the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
Executive's legal representatives.

      (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Company and its successors and assigns.

      (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this
Agreement, the term "Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and
any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and
agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.

      Section 12. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without
reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto
or their respective successors and legal representatives.

      (b) Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which
may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been properly given when delivered personally at the
address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at
such address, when sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the
respective facsimile transmission numbers of the parties set forth below with
telephone confirmation of receipt, or when sent by recognized overnight courier
or by the United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

            If to the Company:

            Littelfuse, Inc.
            800 E. Northwest Highway

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

            Des Plaines, Illinois  60016
            Attention: President (unless the Executive is
                         the President, in which case the
                         communication should be to the
                         attention of all of the Directors
                         of the Company other than the
                         Executive)
            Facsimile: (847) 824-3864
            Confirm:   (847) 391-0304

            If to the Executive:

            Philip G. Franklin

            Facsimile: _____________
            Confirm:  _____________

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of
such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to
time designate by written notice to the other party hereto. Each notice,
request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed given and received for all purposes of this
Agreement as of two business days after the date of deposit thereof for mailing
in a duly constituted United States post office or branch thereof, one business
day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon
confirmation of receipt of any facsimile transmission. Notice given to a party
hereto by any other method shall only be deemed to be given and received when
actually received in writing by such party.

      (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement.

      (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement
such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

      (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict
compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to promptly
assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including,
without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good
Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) hereof, shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this
Agreement.

      (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may
otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is "at will"
and, subject to Section 1(a) hereof and/or any other written agreement between
the Executive and the Company, prior to the

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

Effective Date the Executive's employment and/or this Agreement may be
terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time prior to the
Effective Date upon written notice to the other party, in which case the
Executive shall have no further rights under this Agreement. From and after the
Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

      (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Change of
Control Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                   By: /s/ Philip G. Franklin
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                                   PHILIP G. FRANKLIN

                                   LITTELFUSE, INC.

                                   By: /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                        Its: CEO

                                      -17-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c12654exv10w7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH DAVID R. SAMYN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.7

                                CHANGE OF CONTROL
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1st day of September,
2006, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as the "Company"), and DAVID R. SAMYN (hereinafter referred to as
the "Executive");

                                  WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
the "Board") has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders to provide the Executive with certain protections against the
uncertainties usually created by a Change of Control (as such term is
hereinafter defined); and

      WHEREAS, the Board believes that the protections provided to the Executive
in connection with a Change of Control will better enable the Executive to
devote his full time, attention and energy to the business of the Company prior
to and after a Change of Control, thereby benefiting the Company and its
stockholders;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as
follows:

      Section 1. Certain Definitions. (a) The "Effective Date" shall mean the
first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)
hereof) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2 hereof) occurs.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if a
Change of Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is
reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i)
was at the direct or indirect request of a third party who theretofore had taken
any steps intended to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise arose in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all purposes
of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately prior to
the date of such termination of employment.

      (b) The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending on January 1, 2009.

      Section 2. Change of Control. For the purpose of this Agreement, a "Change
of Control" shall mean:

            (a) The acquisition in one or more transactions by any individual,
      entity or group (hereinafter referred to collectively as a "Person")
      within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended (hereinafter referred

<PAGE>

      to as the "Exchange Act"), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of,
      and calculated in accordance with, Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
      Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of
      common stock of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company Common Stock") or (ii) the combined voting power of the then
      outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in
      the election of directors (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this
      subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change
      of Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any
      acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit
      plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
      corporation controlled by the Company, (iv) any acquisition by any
      corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i),
      (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2 or (v) any acquisition
      by Oaktree Capital Management, LLC, a California limited liability
      company, or any of its Affiliates or Associates (as used herein, the terms
      "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to
      such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
      Exchange Act); or

            (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to
      constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any
      individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
      election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was
      approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising
      the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a
      member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such
      individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an
      actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or
      removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
      or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

            (c) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
      sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
      Company (hereinafter referred to as a "Business Combination") unless,
      following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the
      individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of
      the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
      own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then
      outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the
      then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
      election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting
      from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a
      corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
      or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through
      one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the
      Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation
      resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or
      related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such
      Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or
      more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination,
      or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of
      such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to
      the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of
      the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business
      Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the
      execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board,
      providing for such Business Combination; or

            (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
      liquidation or dissolution of the Company within one year after a Business
      Combination.

      Section 3. Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to continue to
employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain as an employee
of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of
such date (the "Employment Period").

      Section 4. Terms of Employment.

      (a) Position and Duties. (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the
Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held,
exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed
at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the
Effective Date or any office or location less than 20 miles from such location.

      (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation
and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to
devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the
business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge
the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's
reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall not
thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

      (b) Compensation. (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall receive an annual base salary (hereinafter referred to as the
"Annual Base Salary"), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, equal to at least
twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base
salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period
immediately preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the
Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12
months after the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the
Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base
Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive
under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such
increase and the term Annual Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer
to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term
"affiliated companies" shall include any company controlled by, controlling or
under common control with the Company.

      (ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to the Annual Base Salary, the Executive
shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, an
annual bonus (hereinafter referred to as the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least
equal to the Executive's highest bonus under the Company's incentive bonus
program or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plan, for the
last three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (annualized in the
event that the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such
fiscal year) (hereinafter referred to as the "Recent Annual Bonus"). Each such
Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the fifteenth day of the third month of
the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is
awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual
Bonus. Any such deferral election shall be made not later than the first day of
the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is paid, and shall be made in
accordance with policies adopted by the Company in compliance with Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") and any final regulations issued
pursuant thereto.

      (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings
and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no
event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive
with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special
incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is
applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each
case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those
provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under
such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the Executive
and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for
participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans,
practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated
companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
disability, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident
insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer
executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall
such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits
which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such
plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time
during the

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by
the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and
procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at
any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

      (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial
planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an
automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most
favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during
the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with
respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies,
programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect
for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding
the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect
generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the
Company and its affiliated companies.

      Section 5. Termination of Employment.

      (a) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the
Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant
to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give written notice to
the Executive of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such
event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on
the 30th day after delivery of such notice to the Executive (the "Disability
Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days after such delivery, the
Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive's
duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the absence of
the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis
for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent
by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable
to the Executive or the Executive's legal representative.

      (b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the
Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

            (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform
      substantially the Executive's duties with the Company (other than any such
      failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness),
      after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the
      Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which
      the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the
      Executive's duties and such failure is not cured within sixty (60)
      calendar days after receipt of such written demand; or

            (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or
      gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the
      Company.

For purposes of this provision, any act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive in violation or contravention of any order, resolution or directive of
the Board of Directors of the Company shall be considered "willful" unless such
order, resolution or directive is illegal or in violation of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company; provided, however, that no other act or
failure to act on the part of the Executive, shall be considered "willful,"
unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or
without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the
best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority
given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company
or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and
in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the
Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have
been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after
reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an
opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that,
in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct
described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars
thereof in detail.

      (c) Good Reason. The Executive's employment may be terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall
mean:

            (i) the Executive is not elected to, or is removed from, any elected
      office of the Company which the Executive held immediately prior to the
      Effective Date;

            (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in
      any respect with the Executive's position, authority, duties or
      responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) hereof, or any other
      action by the Company which results in a diminution in

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      such position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this
      purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad
      faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of
      notice thereof given by the Executive;

            (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
      provisions of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and
      inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by
      the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the
      Executive;

            (iv) the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on Company
      business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior
      to the Effective Date; or

            (v) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's
      employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

      (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by
the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to
the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 12(b) hereof. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice
which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination
(as defined below) is other than the date of delivery of such notice, specifies
the termination date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the
delivery of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set
forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to
a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or
the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company,
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

      (e) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" means (i) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the
Executive for Good Reason, the date of delivery of the Notice of Termination or
any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the
Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the
Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated
by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of
death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be, and
(iv) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Executive without Good
Reason, the last day of employment of the Executive with the Company.



                                      -7-
<PAGE>
      Section 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

      (a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability. If, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's employment other
than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate his employment for
Good Reason:

            (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash the
      aggregate of the amounts set forth in A. and B. below. Such amount shall
      be paid within 30 days after the Date of Termination; provided, however,
      that if, and only if, the Executive notifies the Company that he has
      determined in good faith that payment of such amount, or any portion
      thereof, would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such
      amount, or portion, shall instead be paid on the first day that is six
      months after the Date of Termination.

                  A. the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through
            the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, plus (2)
            the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus and
            (II) the Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or
            portion thereof which has been earned but deferred (and annualized
            for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or
            during which the Executive was employed for less than twelve full
            months), for the most recently completed fiscal year during the
            Employment Period, if any (such higher amount being hereinafter
            referred to as the "Highest Annual Bonus") multiplied by (y) a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
            current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the
            denominator of which is 365 plus (3) any compensation previously
            deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or
            earnings thereon) and any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the
            extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in
            clauses (1), (2) and (3) are hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued
            Obligations"); and

                  B. the amount equal to the product of (1) two multiplied by
            (2) the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary plus (y) the
            Highest Annual Bonus;

            (ii) during the two years following the Date of Termination, the
      Company shall continue to provide medical insurance benefits to the
      Executive and/or the Executive's family at least equal to those which
      would have been provided to them in accordance with the medical insurance
      benefits described in Section 4(b)(iv) hereof if the Executive's
      employment had not been terminated; provided, however, that if the
      Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to
      receive medical insurance benefits under another employer-provided plan,
      the medical insurance benefits described herein shall be secondary to
      those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of
      eligibility;

            (iii) for a period of up to two (2) years after the Date of
      Termination, the Company shall provide outplacement services to the
      Executive for the purpose of assisting the Executive seek new employment
      at a cost to the Company not to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the
      Executive's Annual Base Salary, payable directly to an

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

      outplacement service provider; provided, however, that the Company shall
      have no further obligations to pay for any such outplacement services once
      the Executive has accepted employment with any third party;

            (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any stock
      option plans pursuant to which the Executive has been granted any stock
      options or other rights to acquire securities of the Company or its
      Affiliates (the "Plans"), any option or right granted to the Executive
      under any of the Plans shall be exercisable by the Executive until the
      earlier of (x) the date on which the option or right terminates in
      accordance with the terms of its grant, or (y) the expiration of twelve
      (12) months after the Date of Termination;

            (v) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company
      shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits
      required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to
      receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or
      agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts
      and benefits shall hereinafter be referred to collectively as the "Other
      Benefits"); and

            (vi) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any
      employment agreement, benefit plan or other document, in the event the
      Executive's employment shall be terminated during the Employment Period by
      the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than for Cause or
      Disability, on and after the Date of Termination the Executive shall not
      be bound or prejudiced by any non-competition agreement benefiting the
      Company or its subsidiaries.

      (b) Death. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the
Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations by the Company to the Executive's legal
representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued
Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued
Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination.
With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include, without limitation, and the
Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits
at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and
affiliated companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the
Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and
policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other
peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (c) Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of
the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations by the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the
Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. With
respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits"

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

as utilized in this Section 6(c) shall include, and the Executive shall be
entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other
benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the
Company and its affiliated companies to disabled executives and/or their
families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies
relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other
peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Executive's employment shall
be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive (x) his Annual Base Salary through the Date of
Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the
Executive, and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore
unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment during the
Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations of the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be
paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of
Termination and the Company shall timely pay or provide the Other Benefits to
the Executive. In no event shall the Executive be liable to the Company for any
damages caused by such voluntary termination by the Executive nor shall the
Executive be in any way restricted from being employed by any other party after
such voluntary termination.

      Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 12(f)
hereof, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the
Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or
program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its
affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement, except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

      Section 8. Full Settlement. The Company's obligation to make the payments
provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the
Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts
shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. The
Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all
legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of
any contest by the Company, the Executive or others in which the Executive is
the prevailing party and which involves or relates to the validity or
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by the
Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in
each case interest on any delayed payment from the due date thereof

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

until paid at the prime rate from time to time reported in The Wall Street
Journal during said period.

      Section 9. Certain Additional Payments by the Company. (a) Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company
to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but
determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section
9, except as provided in the last sentence of this Section 9(a) (hereinafter
referred to collectively as a "Payment") would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by
the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with
any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Excise Tax"), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional
payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that, after payment by the
Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect
to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any
interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon
the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment
equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments. Regardless of whether the
Executive is subject to an Excise Tax, in the event that the Company fails to
defer payment of the amount described in Section 6(a)(i) in accordance with the
proviso to the second sentence thereof, and it is subsequently determined that
Executive is subject to the additional tax and interest provided in Section
409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code with respect to any portion of such payment (such
additional tax, together with any interest and penalties thereon, are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Section 409A Penalty") then
Executive shall also be entitled to receive an additional payment (a "Section
409A Gross-Up") calculated in the same manner as a Gross-Up Payment by
substituting "Section 409A Penalty" for "Excise Tax" for all purposes of this
Section 9. The Section 409A Gross-Up shall be considered a Payment for purposes
of calculation of any Gross-Up Penalty.

      (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c) hereof, all determinations
required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up
Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions
to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by Ernst & Young
LLP or such other independent certified public accounting firm as may be
designated by the Executive (hereinafter referred to as the "Accounting Firm")
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the
Executive within 15 business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive
that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the
Company. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or
auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the
Executive shall appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make
the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be
referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as
determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to the
Executive within five days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's
determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon
the Company and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the application
of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the
Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made by the Company should have been
made (hereinafter referred to as the "Underpayment") consistent with the
calculations required to be made hereunder. In the event that the Company
exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof and the Executive
thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm
shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such
Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the
Executive.

      (c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the
Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive is informed
in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such
claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

            (i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the
      Company relating to such claim,

            (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as
      the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
      including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
      to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

            (iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively
      to contest such claim, and

            (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating
      to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct
the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or to contest the
claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such
contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of
initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall
determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs the Executive to pay
such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the amount of such
payment to the Executive, on an interest-free basis and shall

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any
Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or penalties with respect thereto)
imposed with respect to such advance or with respect to any imputed income with
respect to such advance. The Company's control of any such contest shall be
limited to issues with respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable
hereunder and the Executive shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case
may be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other
taxing authority.

      (d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the
Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, the Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to
the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 9(c) hereof) promptly
pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof,
a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund
with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in
writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration
of 30 days after such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and
shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset,
to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

      Section 10. Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a
fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential
information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated
companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by
the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other
than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation
of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive's employment with the
Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or
divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company
and those designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the
provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding
any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement or
any termination of the employment of the Executive with the Company.

      Section 11. Successors. (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive
and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by
the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
Executive's legal representatives.

      (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Company and its successors and assigns.

      (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform it if no such succession had

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

taken place. As used in this Agreement, the term "Company" shall mean the
Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets
as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of
law or otherwise.

      Section 12. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without
reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto
or their respective successors and legal representatives.

      (b) Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which
may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been properly given when delivered personally at the
address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at
such address, when sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the
respective facsimile transmission numbers of the parties set forth below with
telephone confirmation of receipt, or when sent by recognized overnight courier
or by the United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

            If to the Company:

            Littelfuse, Inc.
            800 E. Northwest Highway
            Des Plaines, Illinois  60016
            Attention: President (unless the Executive is
                              the President, in which case the
                              communication should be to the
                              attention of all of the Directors
                              of the Company other than the
                              Executive)
            Facsimile: (847) 824-3864
            Confirm: (847) 391-0304

            If to the Executive:

            David R. Samyn

            Facsimile: __________________________
            Confirm:   __________________________

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of
such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to
time designate by written notice to the other party hereto. Each notice,
request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed given and received for all purposes of this
Agreement as of two business days after the date of deposit thereof for mailing
in a duly constituted United States post office or branch thereof, one business
day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon
confirmation of receipt of any facsimile

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

transmission. Notice given to a party hereto by any other method shall only be
deemed to be given and received when actually received in writing by such party.

      (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement.

      (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement
such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

      (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict
compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to promptly
assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including,
without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good
Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) hereof, shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this
Agreement.

      (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may
otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is "at will"
and, subject to Section 1(a) hereof and/or any other written agreement between
the Executive and the Company, prior to the Effective Date the Executive's
employment and/or this Agreement may be terminated by either the Executive or
the Company at any time prior to the Effective Date upon written notice to the
other party, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this
Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any
other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

      (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Change of
Control Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                       By /s/ David R. Samyn
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                  DAVID R. SAMYN

                                       LITTELFUSE, INC.

                                       By /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Its            CEO

                                      -15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c12654exv10w8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH DAVID W. HEINZMAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.8

                                CHANGE OF CONTROL
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1st day of September,
2006, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as the "Company"), and DAVID W. HEINZMANN (hereinafter referred to
as the "Executive");

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
the "Board") has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders to provide the Executive with certain protections against the
uncertainties usually created by a Change of Control (as such term is
hereinafter defined); and

      WHEREAS, the Board believes that the protections provided to the Executive
in connection with a Change of Control will better enable the Executive to
devote his full time, attention and energy to the business of the Company prior
to and after a Change of Control, thereby benefiting the Company and its
stockholders;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as
follows:

      Section 1. Certain Definitions. (a) The "Effective Date" shall mean the
first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)
hereof) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2 hereof) occurs.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if a
Change of Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is
reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i)
was at the direct or indirect request of a third party who theretofore had taken
any steps intended to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise arose in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all purposes
of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately prior to
the date of such termination of employment.

      (b) The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending on January 1, 2009.

      Section 2. Change of Control. For the purpose of this Agreement, a "Change
of Control" shall mean:

            (a) The acquisition in one or more transactions by any individual,
      entity or group (hereinafter referred to collectively as a "Person")
      within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended (hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Act"), of
      beneficial ownership (within the meaning of, and

<PAGE>

      calculated in accordance with, Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange
      Act) of 20% or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common
      stock of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding Company
      Common Stock") or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding
      voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the
      election of directors (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding Company
      Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this
      subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change
      of Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any
      acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit
      plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
      corporation controlled by the Company, (iv) any acquisition by any
      corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i),
      (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2 or (v) any acquisition
      by Oaktree Capital Management, LLC, a California limited liability
      company, or any of its Affiliates or Associates (as used herein, the terms
      "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to
      such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
      Exchange Act); or

            (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to
      constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any
      individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
      election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was
      approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising
      the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a
      member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such
      individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an
      actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or
      removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
      or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

            (c) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
      sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
      Company (hereinafter referred to as a "Business Combination") unless,
      following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the
      individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of
      the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
      own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then
      outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the
      then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
      election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting
      from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a
      corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
      or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through
      one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the
      Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation
      resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or
      related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such
      Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or
      more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the
      corporation resulting from such Business Combination, or the

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such
      corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the
      Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the
      board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business
      Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the
      execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board,
      providing for such Business Combination; or

            (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
      liquidation or dissolution of the Company within one year after a Business
      Combination.

      Section 3. Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to continue to
employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain as an employee
of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of
such date (the "Employment Period").

      Section 4. Terms of Employment.

      (a) Position and Duties. (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the
Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held,
exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed
at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the
Effective Date or any office or location less than 20 miles from such location.

      (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation
and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to
devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the
business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge
the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's
reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall not
thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

      (b) Compensation. (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall receive an annual base salary (hereinafter referred to as the
"Annual Base Salary"), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, equal to at least
twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base
salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the Company and
its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period immediately

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the Employment
Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12 months after
the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the Effective Date
and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not
serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this
Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such increase and
the term Annual Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base
Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term "affiliated
companies" shall include any company controlled by, controlling or under common
control with the Company.

      (ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to the Annual Base Salary, the Executive
shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, an
annual bonus (hereinafter referred to as the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least
equal to the Executive's highest bonus under the Company's incentive bonus
program or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plan, for the
last three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (annualized in the
event that the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such
fiscal year) (hereinafter referred to as the "Recent Annual Bonus"). Each such
Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the fifteenth day of the third month of
the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is
awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual
Bonus. Any such deferral election shall be made not later than the first day of
the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is paid, and shall be made in
accordance with policies adopted by the Company in compliance with Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") and any final regulations issued
pursuant thereto.

      (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings
and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no
event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive
with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special
incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is
applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each
case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those
provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under
such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the Executive
and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for
participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans,
practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated
companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
disability, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident
insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer
executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall
such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits
which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such
plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time
during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive,

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer
executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by
the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and
procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at
any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

      (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial
planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an
automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most
favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during
the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with
respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies,
programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect
for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding
the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect
generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the
Company and its affiliated companies.

      Section 5. Termination of Employment.

      (a) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the
Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant
to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give written notice to
the Executive of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such
event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on
the 30th day after delivery of such notice to the Executive (the "Disability
Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days after such delivery, the
Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive's
duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the absence of
the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis
for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or
physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable to the
Executive or the Executive's legal representative.

      (b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the
Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

            (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform
      substantially the Executive's duties with the Company (other than any such
      failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness),
      after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the
      Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which
      the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the
      Executive's duties and such failure is not cured within sixty (60)
      calendar days after receipt of such written demand; or

            (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or
      gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the
      Company.

For purposes of this provision, any act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive in violation or contravention of any order, resolution or directive of
the Board of Directors of the Company shall be considered "willful" unless such
order, resolution or directive is illegal or in violation of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company; provided, however, that no other act or
failure to act on the part of the Executive, shall be considered "willful,"
unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or
without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the
best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority
given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company
or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and
in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the
Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have
been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after
reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an
opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that,
in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct
described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars
thereof in detail.

      (c) Good Reason. The Executive's employment may be terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall
mean:

            (i) the Executive is not elected to, or is removed from, any elected
      office of the Company which the Executive held immediately prior to the
      Effective Date;

            (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in
      any respect with the Executive's position, authority, duties or
      responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) hereof, or any other
      action by the Company which results in a diminution in such position,
      authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and
      which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof
      given by the Executive;

            (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
      provisions of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and
      inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by
      the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the
      Executive;

            (iv) the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on Company
      business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior
      to the Effective Date; or

            (v) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's
      employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

      (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by
the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to
the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 12(b) hereof. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice
which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination
(as defined below) is other than the date of delivery of such notice, specifies
the termination date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the
delivery of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set
forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to
a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or
the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company,
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

      (e) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" means (i) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the
Executive for Good Reason, the date of delivery of the Notice of Termination or
any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the
Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the
Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated
by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of
death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be, and
(iv) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Executive without Good
Reason, the last day of employment of the Executive with the Company.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      Section 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

      (a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability. If, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's employment other
than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate his employment for
Good Reason:

            (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash the
      aggregate of the amounts set forth in A. and B. below. Such amount shall
      be paid within 30 days after the Date of Termination; provided, however,
      that if, and only if, the Executive notifies the Company that he has
      determined in good faith that payment of such amount, or any portion
      thereof, would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such
      amount, or portion, shall instead be paid on the first day that is six
      months after the Date of Termination.

                  A. the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through
            the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, plus (2)
            the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus and
            (II) the Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or
            portion thereof which has been earned but deferred (and annualized
            for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or
            during which the Executive was employed for less than twelve full
            months), for the most recently completed fiscal year during the
            Employment Period, if any (such higher amount being hereinafter
            referred to as the "Highest Annual Bonus") multiplied by (y) a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
            current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the
            denominator of which is 365 plus (3) any compensation previously
            deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or
            earnings thereon) and any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the
            extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in
            clauses (1), (2) and (3) are hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued
            Obligations"); and

                  B. the amount equal to the product of (1) two multiplied by
            (2) the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary plus (y) the
            Highest Annual Bonus;

            (ii) during the two years following the Date of Termination, the
      Company shall continue to provide medical insurance benefits to the
      Executive and/or the Executive's family at least equal to those which
      would have been provided to them in accordance with the medical insurance
      benefits described in Section 4(b)(iv) hereof if the Executive's
      employment had not been terminated; provided, however, that if the
      Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to
      receive medical insurance benefits under another employer-provided plan,
      the medical insurance benefits described herein shall be secondary to
      those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of
      eligibility;

            (iii) for a period of up to two (2) years after the Date of
      Termination, the Company shall provide outplacement services to the
      Executive for the purpose of

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

      assisting the Executive seek new employment at a cost to the Company not
      to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Executive's Annual Base Salary,
      payable directly to an outplacement service provider; provided, however,
      that the Company shall have no further obligations to pay for any such
      outplacement services once the Executive has accepted employment with any
      third party;

            (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any stock
      option plans pursuant to which the Executive has been granted any stock
      options or other rights to acquire securities of the Company or its
      Affiliates (the "Plans"), any option or right granted to the Executive
      under any of the Plans shall be exercisable by the Executive until the
      earlier of (x) the date on which the option or right terminates in
      accordance with the terms of its grant, or (y) the expiration of twelve
      (12) months after the Date of Termination;

            (v) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company
      shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits
      required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to
      receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or
      agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts
      and benefits shall hereinafter be referred to collectively as the "Other
      Benefits"); and

            (vi) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any
      employment agreement, benefit plan or other document, in the event the
      Executive's employment shall be terminated during the Employment Period by
      the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than for Cause or
      Disability, on and after the Date of Termination the Executive shall not
      be bound or prejudiced by any non-competition agreement benefiting the
      Company or its subsidiaries.

      (b) Death. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the
Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations by the Company to the Executive's legal
representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued
Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued
Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination.
With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include, without limitation, and the
Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits
at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and
affiliated companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the
Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and
policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other
peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (c) Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of
the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations by the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within
30 days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other
Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as utilized in this Section 6(c) shall
include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date
to receive, disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable
of those generally provided by the Company and its affiliated companies to
disabled executives and/or their families in accordance with such plans,
programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect
generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time
during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Executive's employment shall
be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive (x) his Annual Base Salary through the Date of
Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the
Executive, and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore
unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment during the
Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations of the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be
paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of
Termination and the Company shall timely pay or provide the Other Benefits to
the Executive. In no event shall the Executive be liable to the Company for any
damages caused by such voluntary termination by the Executive nor shall the
Executive be in any way restricted from being employed by any other party after
such voluntary termination.

      Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 12(f)
hereof, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the
Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or
program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its
affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement, except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

      Section 8. Full Settlement. The Company's obligation to make the payments
provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the
Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts
shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. The
Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all
legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of
any contest by the Company, the Executive or others in which the Executive is
the prevailing party and which involves or relates to the validity or
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

(including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any
payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed
payment from the due date thereof until paid at the prime rate from time to time
reported in The Wall Street Journal during said period.

      Section 9. Certain Additional Payments by the Company. (a) Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company
to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but
determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section
9, except as provided in the last sentence of this Section 9(a) (hereinafter
referred to collectively as a "Payment") would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by
the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with
any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Excise Tax"), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional
payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that, after payment by the
Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect
to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any
interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon
the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment
equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments. Regardless of whether the
Executive is subject to an Excise Tax, in the event that the Company fails to
defer payment of the amount described in Section 6(a)(i) in accordance with the
proviso to the second sentence thereof, and it is subsequently determined that
Executive is subject to the additional tax and interest provided in Section
409(a)(1)(B) of the Code with respect to any portion of such payment (such
additional tax, together with any interest and penalties thereon, are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Section 409A Penalty") then
Executive shall also be entitled to receive an additional payment (a "Section
409A Gross-Up") calculated in the same manner as a Gross-Up Payment by
substituting "Section 409A Penalty" for "Excise Tax" for all purposes of this
Section 9. The Section 409A Gross-Up shall be considered a Payment for purposes
of calculation of any Gross-Up Penalty.

      (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c) hereof, all determinations
required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up
Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions
to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by Ernst & Young
LLP or such other independent certified public accounting firm as may be
designated by the Executive (hereinafter referred to as the "Accounting Firm")
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the
Executive within 15 business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive
that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the
Company. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or
auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the
Executive shall appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make
the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be
referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as
determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to the
Executive within five days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's
determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon
the Company

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section
4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm
hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made
by the Company should have been made (hereinafter referred to as the
"Underpayment") consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder.
In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 9(c)
hereof and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise
Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has
occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or
for the benefit of the Executive.

      (c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the
Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive is informed
in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such
claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

            (i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the
      Company relating to such claim,

            (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as
      the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
      including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
      to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

            (iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively
      to contest such claim, and

            (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating
      to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct
the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or to contest the
claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such
contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of
initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall
determine; provided, however, that if the

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

Company directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the
Company shall advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an
interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or
penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with
respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance. The Company's
control of any such contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which a
Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive shall be entitled
to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

      (d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the
Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, the Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to
the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 9(c) hereof) promptly
pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof,
a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund
with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in
writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration
of 30 days after such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and
shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset,
to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

      Section 10. Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a
fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential
information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated
companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by
the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other
than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation
of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive's employment with the
Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or
divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company
and those designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the
provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding
any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement or
any termination of the employment of the Executive with the Company.

      Section 11. Successors. (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive
and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by
the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
Executive's legal representatives.

      (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Company and its successors and assigns.

      (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it
if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the term
"Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to
its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this
Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.

      Section 12. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without
reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto
or their respective successors and legal representatives.

      (b) Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which
may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been properly given when delivered personally at the
address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at
such address, when sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the
respective facsimile transmission numbers of the parties set forth below with
telephone confirmation of receipt, or when sent by recognized overnight courier
or by the United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

            If to the Company:

            Littelfuse, Inc.
            800 E. Northwest Highway
            Des Plaines, Illinois  60016
            Attention: President (unless the Executive is
                              the President, in which case the
                              communication should be to the
                              attention of all of the Directors
                              of the Company other than the
                              Executive)
            Facsimile: (847) 824-3864
            Confirm: (847) 391-0304

            If to the Executive:

            David W. Heinzmann

            Facsimile: ___________________
            Confirm: _____________________

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of
such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to
time designate by written notice to the other party hereto. Each notice,
request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed given and received for all purposes of this
Agreement as of two business days after the date of deposit thereof for mailing
in a duly

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

constituted United States post office or branch thereof, one business day after
deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon confirmation of
receipt of any facsimile transmission. Notice given to a party hereto by any
other method shall only be deemed to be given and received when actually
received in writing by such party.

      (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement.

      (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement
such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

      (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict
compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to promptly
assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including,
without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good
Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) hereof, shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this
Agreement.

      (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may
otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is "at will"
and, subject to Section 1(a) hereof and/or any other written agreement between
the Executive and the Company, prior to the Effective Date the Executive's
employment and/or this Agreement may be terminated by either the Executive or
the Company at any time prior to the Effective Date upon written notice to the
other party, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this
Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any
other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

      (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Change of
Control Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                       By /s/ David W. Heinzmann
                                          -------------------------------------
                                                   DAVID W. HEINZMANN

                                       LITTELFUSE, INC.

                                       By  /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                          -------------------------------------
                                           Its       CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c12654exv10w9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE OF CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH HUGH DALSEN FERBERT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.9

                                CHANGE OF CONTROL
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1st day of September,
2006, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as the "Company"), and HUGH DALSEN FERBERT (hereinafter referred to
as the "Executive");

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
the "Board") has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders to provide the Executive with certain protections against the
uncertainties usually created by a Change of Control (as such term is
hereinafter defined); and

      WHEREAS, the Board believes that the protections provided to the Executive
in connection with a Change of Control will better enable the Executive to
devote his full time, attention and energy to the business of the Company prior
to and after a Change of Control, thereby benefiting the Company and its
stockholders;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged and confessed, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as
follows:

      Section 1. Certain Definitions. (a) The "Effective Date" shall mean the
first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)
hereof) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2 hereof) occurs.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if a
Change of Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is
reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i)
was at the direct or indirect request of a third party who theretofore had taken
any steps intended to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise arose in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all purposes
of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately prior to
the date of such termination of employment.

      (b) The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending on January 1, 2009.

      Section 2. Change of Control. For the purpose of this Agreement, a "Change
of Control" shall mean:

            (a) The acquisition in one or more transactions by any individual,
      entity or group (hereinafter referred to collectively as a "Person")
      within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended (hereinafter referred

<PAGE>

      to as the "Exchange Act"), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of,
      and calculated in accordance with, Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
      Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of
      common stock of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company Common Stock") or (ii) the combined voting power of the then
      outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in
      the election of directors (hereinafter referred to as the "Outstanding
      Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this
      subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change
      of Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any
      acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit
      plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
      corporation controlled by the Company, (iv) any acquisition by any
      corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i),
      (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2 or (v) any acquisition
      by Oaktree Capital Management, LLC, a California limited liability
      company, or any of its Affiliates or Associates (as used herein, the terms
      "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to
      such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
      Exchange Act); or

            (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board
      (hereinafter referred to as the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to
      constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any
      individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
      election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was
      approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising
      the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a
      member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such
      individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an
      actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or
      removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
      or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

            (c) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
      sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
      Company (hereinafter referred to as a "Business Combination") unless,
      following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the
      individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of
      the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
      own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then
      outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the
      then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
      election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting
      from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a
      corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
      or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through
      one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the
      Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
      Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation
      resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or
      related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such
      Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or
      more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination,
      or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of
      such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to
      the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of
      the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business
      Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the
      execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board,
      providing for such Business Combination; or

            (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
      liquidation or dissolution of the Company within one year after a Business
      Combination.

      Section 3. Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to continue to
employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain as an employee
of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of
such date (the "Employment Period").

      Section 4. Terms of Employment.

      (a) Position and Duties. (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the
Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held,
exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed
at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the
Effective Date or any office or location less than 20 miles from such location.

      (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation
and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to
devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the
business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge
the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's
reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall not
thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

      (b) Compensation. (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall receive an annual base salary (hereinafter referred to as the
"Annual Base Salary"), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, equal to at least
twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base
salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period
immediately preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the
Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12
months after the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the
Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base
Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive
under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such
increase and the term Annual Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer
to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term
"affiliated companies" shall include any company controlled by, controlling or
under common control with the Company.

      (ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to the Annual Base Salary, the Executive
shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, an
annual bonus (hereinafter referred to as the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least
equal to the Executive's highest bonus under the Company's incentive bonus
program or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plan, for the
last three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (annualized in the
event that the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such
fiscal year) (hereinafter referred to as the "Recent Annual Bonus"). Each such
Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the fifteenth day of the third month of
the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is
awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual
Bonus. Any such deferral election shall be made not later than the first day of
the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is paid, and shall be made in
accordance with policies adopted by the Company in compliance with Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") and any final regulations issued
pursuant thereto.

      (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings
and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no
event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive
with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special
incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is
applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each
case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those
provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under
such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the Executive
and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for
participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans,
practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated
companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
disability, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident
insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer
executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall
such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits
which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such
plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time
during the

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to
the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by
the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and
procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for the
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at
any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

      (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial
planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an
automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most
favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during
the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more
favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with
respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

      (viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies,
programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect
for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding
the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect
generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the
Company and its affiliated companies.

      Section 5. Termination of Employment.

      (a) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the
Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant
to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give written notice to
the Executive of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such
event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on
the 30th day after delivery of such notice to the Executive (the "Disability
Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days after such delivery, the
Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive's
duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the absence of
the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis
for 180 consecutive business days as a result of

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and
permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably
acceptable to the Executive or the Executive's legal representative.

      (b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the
Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

            (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform
      substantially the Executive's duties with the Company (other than any such
      failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness),
      after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the
      Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which
      the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the
      Executive's duties and such failure is not cured within sixty (60)
      calendar days after receipt of such written demand; or

            (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or
      gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the
      Company.

For purposes of this provision, any act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive in violation or contravention of any order, resolution or directive of
the Board of Directors of the Company shall be considered "willful" unless such
order, resolution or directive is illegal or in violation of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company; provided, however, that no other act or
failure to act on the part of the Executive, shall be considered "willful,"
unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or
without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the
best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority
given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company
or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and
in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the
Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have
been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the
Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after
reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an
opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that,
in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct
described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars
thereof in detail.

      (c) Good Reason. The Executive's employment may be terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall
mean:

            (i) the Executive is not elected to, or is removed from, any elected
      office of the Company which the Executive held immediately prior to the
      Effective Date;

            (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in
      any respect with the Executive's position, authority, duties or
      responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) hereof, or any other
      action by the Company which results in a diminution in

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      such position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this
      purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad
      faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of
      notice thereof given by the Executive;

            (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
      provisions of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and
      inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by
      the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the
      Executive;

            (iv) the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on Company
      business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior
      to the Effective Date; or

            (v) any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's
      employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

      For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

      (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by
the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to
the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 12(b) hereof. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice
which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination
(as defined below) is other than the date of delivery of such notice, specifies
the termination date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the
delivery of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set
forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to
a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or
the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company,
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

      (e) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" means (i) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the
Executive for Good Reason, the date of delivery of the Notice of Termination or
any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the
Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the
Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated
by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of
death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be, and
(iv) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Executive without Good
Reason, the last day of employment of the Executive with the Company.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      Section 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

      (a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability. If, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's employment other
than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate his employment for
Good Reason:

            (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash the
      aggregate of the amounts set forth in A. and B. below. Such amount shall
      be paid within 30 days after the Date of Termination; provided, however,
      that if, and only if, the Executive notifies the Company that he has
      determined in good faith that payment of such amount, or any portion
      thereof, would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such
      amount, or portion, shall instead be paid on the first day that is six
      months after the Date of Termination.

                  A. the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through
            the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, plus (2)
            the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus and
            (II) the Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or
            portion thereof which has been earned but deferred (and annualized
            for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or
            during which the Executive was employed for less than twelve full
            months), for the most recently completed fiscal year during the
            Employment Period, if any (such higher amount being hereinafter
            referred to as the "Highest Annual Bonus") multiplied by (y) a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
            current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the
            denominator of which is 365 plus (3) any compensation previously
            deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or
            earnings thereon) and any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the
            extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in
            clauses (1), (2) and (3) are hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued
            Obligations"); and

                  B. the amount equal to the product of (1) two multiplied by
            (2) the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary plus (y) the
            Highest Annual Bonus;

            (ii) during the two years following the Date of Termination, the
      Company shall continue to provide medical insurance benefits to the
      Executive and/or the Executive's family at least equal to those which
      would have been provided to them in accordance with the medical insurance
      benefits described in Section 4(b)(iv) hereof if the Executive's
      employment had not been terminated; provided, however, that if the
      Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to
      receive medical insurance benefits under another employer-provided plan,
      the medical insurance benefits described herein shall be secondary to
      those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of
      eligibility;

            (iii) for a period of up to two (2) years after the Date of
      Termination, the Company shall provide outplacement services to the
      Executive for the purpose of

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

      assisting the Executive seek new employment at a cost to the Company not
      to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Executive's Annual Base Salary,
      payable directly to an outplacement service provider; provided, however,
      that the Company shall have no further obligations to pay for any such
      outplacement services once the Executive has accepted employment with any
      third party;

            (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any stock
      option plans pursuant to which the Executive has been granted any stock
      options or other rights to acquire securities of the Company or its
      Affiliates (the "Plans"), any option or right granted to the Executive
      under any of the Plans shall be exercisable by the Executive until the
      earlier of (x) the date on which the option or right terminates in
      accordance with the terms of its grant, or (y) the expiration of twelve
      (12) months after the Date of Termination;

            (v) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company
      shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits
      required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to
      receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or
      agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts
      and benefits shall hereinafter be referred to collectively as the "Other
      Benefits"); and

            (vi) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any
      employment agreement, benefit plan or other document, in the event the
      Executive's employment shall be terminated during the Employment Period by
      the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than for Cause or
      Disability, on and after the Date of Termination the Executive shall not
      be bound or prejudiced by any non-competition agreement benefiting the
      Company or its subsidiaries.

      (b) Death. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the
Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations by the Company to the Executive's legal
representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued
Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued
Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination.
With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as
utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include, without limitation, and the
Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits
at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and
affiliated companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the
Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and
policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other
peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (c) Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of
the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations by the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within
30 days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other
Benefits, the term "Other Benefits" as utilized in this Section 6(c) shall
include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date
to receive, disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable
of those generally provided by the Company and its affiliated companies to
disabled executives and/or their families in accordance with such plans,
programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect
generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time
during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date.

      (d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Executive's employment shall
be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive (x) his Annual Base Salary through the Date of
Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the
Executive, and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore
unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment during the
Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations of the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment
or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be
paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of
Termination and the Company shall timely pay or provide the Other Benefits to
the Executive. In no event shall the Executive be liable to the Company for any
damages caused by such voluntary termination by the Executive nor shall the
Executive be in any way restricted from being employed by any other party after
such voluntary termination.

      Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 12(f)
hereof, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the
Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or
program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its
affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement, except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

      Section 8. Full Settlement. The Company's obligation to make the payments
provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the
Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts
shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. The
Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all
legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of
any contest by the Company, the Executive or others in which the Executive is
the prevailing party and which involves or relates to the validity or
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

(including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any
payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed
payment from the due date thereof until paid at the prime rate from time to time
reported in The Wall Street Journal during said period.

      Section 9. Certain Additional Payments by the Company. (a) Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company
to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but
determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section
9, except as provided in the last sentence of this Section 9(a) (hereinafter
referred to collectively as a "Payment") would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by
the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with
any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Excise Tax"), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional
payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that, after payment by the
Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect
to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any
interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon
the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment
equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments. Regardless of whether the
Executive is subject to an Excise Tax, in the event that the Company fails to
defer payment of the amount described in Section 6(a)(i) in accordance with the
proviso to the second sentence thereof, and it is subsequently determined that
Executive is subject to the additional tax and interest provided in Section
409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code with respect to any portion of such payment (such
additional tax, together with any interest and penalties thereon, are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Section 409A Penalty") then
Executive shall also be entitled to receive an additional payment (a "Section
409A Gross-Up") calculated in the same manner as a Gross-Up Payment by
substituting "Section 409A Penalty" for "Excise Tax" for all purposes of this
Section 9. The Section 409A Gross-Up shall be considered a Payment for purposes
of calculation of any Gross-Up Penalty.

      (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c) hereof, all determinations
required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up
Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions
to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by Ernst & Young
LLP or such other independent certified public accounting firm as may be
designated by the Executive (hereinafter referred to as the "Accounting Firm")
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the
Executive within 15 business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive
that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the
Company. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or
auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the
Executive shall appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make
the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be
referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as
determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to the
Executive within five days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's
determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon
the Company


                                      -11-
<PAGE>

and the Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section
4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm
hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made
by the Company should have been made (hereinafter referred to as the
"Underpayment") consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder.
In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 9(c)
hereof and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise
Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has
occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or
for the benefit of the Executive.

      (c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the
Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the
Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive is informed
in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such
claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

            (i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the
      Company relating to such claim,

            (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as
      the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
      including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
      to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

            (iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively
      to contest such claim, and

            (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating
      to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct
the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or to contest the
claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such
contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of
initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall
determine; provided, however, that if the

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

Company directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the
Company shall advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an
interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or
penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with
respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance. The Company's
control of any such contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which a
Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive shall be entitled
to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

      (d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the
Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, the Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to
the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 9(c) hereof) promptly
pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof,
a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund
with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in
writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration
of 30 days after such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and
shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset,
to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

      Section 10. Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a
fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential
information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated
companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by
the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other
than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation
of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive's employment with the
Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or
divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company
and those designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the
provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding
any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement or
any termination of the employment of the Executive with the Company.

      Section 11. Successors. (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive
and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by
the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
Executive's legal representatives.

      (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Company and its successors and assigns.

      (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it
if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the term
"Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to
its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this
Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.

      Section 12. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without
reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto
or their respective successors and legal representatives.

      (b) Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which
may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been properly given when delivered personally at the
address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at
such address, when sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the
respective facsimile transmission numbers of the parties set forth below with
telephone confirmation of receipt, or when sent by recognized overnight courier
or by the United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

            If to the Company:

             Littelfuse, Inc.
             800 E. Northwest Highway
             Des Plaines, Illinois  60016
             Attention: President (unless the Executive is
                               the President, in which case the
                               communication should be to the
                               attention of all of the Directors
                               of the Company other than the
                               Executive)
             Facsimile: (847) 824-3864
             Confirm: (847) 391-0304

             If to the Executive:

             Hugh Dalsen Ferbert

             Facsimile: _________________________
             Confirm: ___________________________

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of
such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to
time designate by written notice to the other party hereto. Each notice,
request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance
with this Section shall be deemed given and received for all purposes of this
Agreement as of two business days after the date of deposit thereof for mailing
in a duly

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

constituted United States post office or branch thereof, one business day after
deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon confirmation of
receipt of any facsimile transmission. Notice given to a party hereto by any
other method shall only be deemed to be given and received when actually
received in writing by such party.

      (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement.

      (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement
such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

      (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict
compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to promptly
assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including,
without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good
Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) hereof, shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this
Agreement.

      (f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may
otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is "at will"
and, subject to Section 1(a) hereof and/or any other written agreement between
the Executive and the Company, prior to the Effective Date the Executive's
employment and/or this Agreement may be terminated by either the Executive or
the Company at any time prior to the Effective Date upon written notice to the
other party, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this
Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any
other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

      (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Change of
Control Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                        By: /s/ Hugh Dalsen Ferbert
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       HUGH DALSEN FERBERT

                                        LITTELFUSE, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Its:       CEO

                                      -16-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c12654exv10w19.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUMMARY OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.19


                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
                    SUMMARY OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION

      The compensation of executive officers of Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Company")
primarily consists of three variable components: base salary, a potential cash
bonus under the Company's annual incentive compensation program, and stock
options or other awards under the Littelfuse, Inc. Equity Incentive Compensation
Plan for Employees and Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (the "Equity Plan").

SALARIES

      The base salaries for Mr. Gordon Hunter, the Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and each of the other four
most highly compensated executive officers of the Company named below (the
"Other Executive Officers"), effective July 1, 2006, are as follows:


<Table>
<Caption>
              NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                                      BASE SALARY

<S>                                                                             <C>
        Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive
        Officer                                                                    $612,000

        Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support
        and Chief Financial Officer                                                $331,500

        David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager,
        Electronics Business Unit                                                  $265,200

        David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General
        Manager, Automotive Business Unit                                          $229,000

        Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager,
        Electrical Business Unit                                                   $219,500
</Table>

ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM

      The minimum, target and maximum amounts to be awarded under the annual
incentive compensation program for fiscal year 2007 for Mr. Hunter and each of
the Other Executive Officers, subject to achievement of financial objectives of
the Company and individual performance objectives, are as follows:


<Table>
<Caption>
                         NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                       MINIMUM, TARGET AND MAXIMUM
                                                                          AMOUNTS AS A PERCENTAGE OF BASE
                                                                                      SALARY

<S>                                                                       <C>
         Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive
         Officer                                                                   0, 75 & 150%
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


<Table>
<Caption>
                         NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                       MINIMUM, TARGET AND MAXIMUM
                                                                          AMOUNTS AS A PERCENTAGE OF BASE
                                                                                      SALARY
<S>                                                                       <C>
         Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support
         and Chief Financial Officer                                                0, 50 & 100%

         David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager,
         Electronics Business Unit                                                  0, 40 & 80%

         David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager,
         Automotive Business Unit                                                   0, 40 & 80%

         Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager,
         Electrical Business Unit                                                   0, 40 & 80%
</Table>

EQUITY PLAN AWARDS

      Annual awards of options relating to fiscal year 2007 have not yet been
determined. The annual awards of options to purchase shares of Common Stock of
the Company relating to fiscal year 2006, granted on May 5, 2006 with an
exercise price of $34.33 per share, under the Equity Incentive Plan to Mr.
Hunter and each of the Other Executive Officers are as follows:


         <Table>
         <Caption>

                         NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                            NUMBER OF SHARES
<S>                                                                              <C>
         Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive
         Officer                                                                      60,000

         Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and
         Chief Financial Officer                                                      22,000

         David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics
         Business Unit                                                                15,000

         David W. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager,
         Automotive Business Unit                                                     15,000

         Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical
         Business Unit                                                                15,000
         </Table>

      The form of Specimen Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, including
vesting provisions, pursuant to which such awards were made is incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006 (the "2006 Annual Report").

      Annual grants of restricted stock relating to fiscal year 2007 have not
yet been determined. The Company made its annual grant of shares of restricted
stock relating to fiscal year 2006 on May 5, 2006, pursuant to Performance
Shares Agreements with Mr. Hunter and each of the Other Executive Officers under
the Equity Plan as follows:

<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>

                         NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                            NUMBER OF SHARES

<S>                                                                              <C>
         Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive
         Officer                                                                       6,000

         Philip G. Franklin, Vice President, Operations Support and
         Chief Financial Officer                                                       5,000

         David Samyn, Vice President and General Manager, Electronics
         Business Unit                                                                 5,000

         David H. Heinzmann, Vice President and General Manager,
         Automotive Business Unit                                                      5,000

         Dal Ferbert, Vice President and General Manager, Electrical
         Business Unit                                                                 5,000
</Table>

      These restricted share awards are subject to the Company attaining certain
financial performance goals relating to return on the net tangible assets and
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of the Company
during the three-year period ending December 31, 2008. The form of Specimen
Performance Shares Agreement pursuant to which such grants were made is
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the 2006 Annual Report.

OTHER BENEFITS

      Each of the officers named above is eligible to participate in the other
employee benefit plans of the Company applicable to executive officers,
including the Company's Retirement Plan, as amended, the 401(k) Savings Plan,
and the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, in accordance with the terms and
conditions of such plans. These officers are also parties to Change of Control
Employment Agreements that, among other things, entitle them to payments upon
severance or upon a change of control of the Company.

      These officers also receive certain personal benefits from the Company,
the value of which is expected to be less than $50,000 for each of such
officers.



WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND

      Each of the plans and agreements mentioned herein or the forms of awards
thereunder are discussed further in the Company's Proxy Statement for 2007
Annual Meeting of Stockholders and, other than as to salaries and the Annual
Incentive Compensation Program, are filed as exhibits to the Company's 2006
Annual Report, or will be discussed in the Company's Proxy Statement for 2007
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, each of which can be found on the SEC's website
at www.sec.gov.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c12654exv10w20.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.20


                                LITTELFUSE, INC.
                        SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

      For 2007, directors who are not employees of Littelfuse, Inc. (the
"Company") are paid an annual director's fee of $40,000, $1,500 for each of the
regularly scheduled Board meetings attended and $1,000 for attendance at any
special teleconference Board or Committee meetings, plus reimbursement of
reasonable expenses relating to attendance at meetings. The Lead Director is
paid an additional $7,500 annually, the Chairman of the Audit Committee is paid
an additional $10,000 annually and the Chairman of the Compensation Committee is
paid an additional $5,000 annually. No fees are paid to directors who are also
full-time employees of the Company.

      Under the Littelfuse Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors
(the "Non-employee Directors Plan"), a non-employee director, at their election,
may defer receipt of their director's fees. Such deferred fees are used to
purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock, and such shares and any
distributions thereon are deposited with a third party trustee for the benefit
of the director until the director ceases to be a director of the Company.

      The Littelfuse Outside Directors' Stock Option Plan (the "Directors Plan")
provides for a grant at each annual meeting of the Board of Directors to each
non-employee director of non-qualified stock options to purchase 5,000 shares of
Common Stock at the fair market value on the date of grant.

      The Non-employee Directors Plan and the Directors Plan and the forms of
awards thereunder are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006 (the "Form 10-K"). These plans and
agreements will be discussed further in the Company's Proxy Statement relating
to the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be incorporated by
reference into this Form 10-K when filed.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c12654exv13w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 13.1

Littelfuse
2006 Annual Report

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operation

The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations ("MD&A") is designed to provide the reader with
information that will assist in understanding our consolidated financial
statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from
year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well
as how certain accounting principles affect our consolidated financial
statements. The discussion also provides information about the financial results
of the various segments of our business to provide a better understanding of how
those segments and their results affect the financial condition and results of
operations of Littelfuse as a whole.

FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION

This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated
financial statements and related notes. See "Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 ("PSLRA")" on page 8 of this report for a description of important factors
that could cause actual results to differ from expected results. See also Item
1, Business, "Risk Factors," in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 30, 2006.

The following is a summary of sales by geography and market:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     FISCAL YEAR*
               ------------------------
                2006     2005     2004
               ------   ------   ------
<S>            <C>      <C>      <C>
GEOGRAPHY**
Americas       $216.0   $199.9   $216.5
Europe          111.6     98.3     98.3
Asia Pacific    207.3    168.9    162.0
               ------   ------   ------
   TOTAL       $534.9   $467.1   $476.8
               ======   ======   ======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                2006     2005     2004
               ------   ------   ------
<S>            <C>      <C>      <C>
MARKET
Electronics    $365.5   $305.9   $325.6
Automotive      123.6    118.6    113.7
Electrical       45.8     42.6     37.5
               ------   ------   ------
   TOTAL       $534.9   $467.1   $476.8
               ======   ======   ======
</TABLE>

*    Amounts exclude Efen Gmbh ('Efen') since the date of the Heinrich
     acquisition.

**   Sales are defined based upon shipped to destination. Segment reporting
     reflects sales based upon origination.

The following discussion provides an analysis of the information contained in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes beginning on page
12 for the three fiscal years ended December 30, 2006, December 31, 2005, and
January 1, 2005.

Results of Operations -- 2006 Compared with 2005

Sales increased 15% to $534.9 million in 2006 from $467.1 million in 2005. The
increase in sales was led by the Asia-Pacific segment with an increase in sales
of 23% to $207.3 million due to increased demand for electronics products.
Europe sales increased 14% to $111.6 million and Americas sales increased 8% to
$216.0 million as both segments experienced increased demand for electronics
products. The increase in sales was due to growth in all geographical regions
driven primarily by strength in the electronics markets. Current year
acquisitions contributed $11.8 million to 2006 sales. Automotive growth outside
of North America and continued steady growth in the electrical business also
contributed to the 2006 sales increase. Electronic sales increased $59.6 million
or 19% to $365.5 million in 2006 compared to $305.9 million in 2005 primarily
due to increased demand in all regions. The electronics sales increase was
driven by increased demand for telecom and consumer electronics products in
Asia. Automotive sales increased $5.0 million or 4% to $123.6 million in 2006
compared to $118.6 million in 2005 primarily due to strong growth in Asia and
increased European sales in the off road, truck and bus market, partially offset
by lower North America sales. Electrical sales increased $3.2 million or 8% to
$45.8 million in 2006 compared to $42.6 million in 2005 due to price increases
and improvements in non-residential construction market. International sales
were $326.8 million or 61.1% of net sales in 2006 compared to $279.3 million or
59.8% of net sales in 2005, with favorable currency effects contributing $1.1
million to sales in 2006.


                                                                               1

<PAGE>
Gross profit was $161.3 million or 30.2% of sales in 2006 compared to $144.6
million or 30.9% of sales in 2005. The gross profit margin percentage decline
resulted from $21.3 million of current year net restructuring charges related to
the closure of facilities in Ireland ($17.1 million after a $2.9 million
statutory rebate), Germany ($2.3 million) and Irving, Texas ($1.9 million), an
asset write-down in Germany of $0.8 million and higher commodity prices
partially offset by the progression of cost reduction programs and improved
operating leverage. The Company expects to incur additional restructuring
charges in the future as it further rationalizes its North American operations.
Excluding the 2006 net restructuring charges, gross profit was up from the prior
year primarily due to reduced costs as a result of the progression of cost
reduction programs and improved operating leverage due to higher plant volumes
partially offset by higher commodity prices.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $12.0 million to $110.6
million in 2006 from $98.5 million in 2005, primarily due to the recognition of
$5.2 million stock-based compensation expense in 2006, increased bonus expense,
$2.7 million of restructuring expense related to German operations and a $3.6
million charge for the write-down of Heinrich real estate and fixed assets. As a
percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to
20.7% in 2006 from 21.1% in 2005. Research and development costs increased $2.0
million to $18.7 million due to increased spending on new product development
for the electronics and automotive markets. Total operating expenses, including
intangible amortization, were 24.8% of sales in 2006, compared to 25.2% of sales
in 2005.

Operating income in 2006 increased 7.0% to $28.9 million or 5.4% of sales
compared to $27.0 million or 5.8% of sales in the prior year. The changes in
operating income and operating margin were due to the factors affecting gross
profit margin and operating expenses described above.

Interest expense was $1.6 million in 2006 compared to $2.1 million in 2005 due
to a lower average outstanding debt balance during 2006. Other expense (income),
net, consisting of interest income, royalties, non-operating income and foreign
currency items was income, net, of $2.2 million compared to income, net, of $3.1
million in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to the recognition of
a $1.4 million gain on the sale of the Company's interest in a wafer fabrication
facility in the U.K. in 2005 partially offset by higher interest income in 2006.

Earnings from continuing operations before minority interest and income taxes
were $29.4 million in 2006 compared to $27.9 million in 2005. Minority interest
income was zero in 2006 and $0.1 million in 2005, as 2005 reflects the minority
share ownership in Heinrich prior to the 2005 acquisition of the remaining
Heinrich shares. Income tax expense was $6.2 million in 2006 compared to $11.4
million in the prior year. The 2006 effective income tax rate was 21.0% in 2006
compared to 41.1% in 2005. The 2006 effective tax rate was favorably affected by
certain adjustments including a $1.4 million benefit resulting from a German tax
law change and recognizing a $1.8 million benefit relating to net operating
losses from an acquired group of companies. The 2005 effective tax rate was
unfavorably affected by the limited tax shield on restructuring charges and
repatriation of earnings from lower tax jurisdictions. Earnings from continuing
operations were $23.2 million in 2006 compared to $16.6 million in 2005.

In the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company entered into a contract to sell the
Efen business acquired as part of the Heinrich acquisition in May 2004.
Therefore, the Efen business is accounted for as a discontinued operation that
reported income, net of taxes, of $0.6 million in 2006 compared to $1.1 million
in 2005. Net income in the current year was $23.8 million, compared to $17.7
million in the prior year.

Results of Operations -- 2005 Compared with 2004

Sales decreased 2.0% to $467.1 million in 2005 from $476.8 million in 2004. The
decrease in sales was primarily in the Americas and Europe, with the decrease in
European sales being largely offset by a full year of sales from the Heinrich
Industrie AG ("Heinrich") acquisition included in 2005 sales. Stronger sales in
Asia partially offset lower sales in the Americas and Europe. Within the
Americas, lower electronic sales, mainly due to lower telecom demand, were
partially offset by increased sales of electrical products. European sales were
also lower than the prior year primarily due to lower demand for electronics
products. Sales in Asia were up from the prior year mainly due to increased
demand for electronics products. Electronic sales decreased $19.7 million or 6%
to $305.9 million in 2005 compared to $325.6 million in 2004 primarily due to
decreased demand in the Americas and Europe for telecom product that was
partially offset by increased demand in Asia. Automotive sales increased $4.9
million or 4% to $118.6 million in 2005 compared to $113.7 million in 2004
primarily due to a full year of sales from the Heinrich acquisition. Electrical
sales increased $5.1 million or 14% to $42.6 million in 2005 compared to $37.5
million in 2004 due to improvements in industrial activity and the commercial
construction market. International sales were $279.3 million or 59.8% of net
sales in 2005 compared to $278.7 million or 58.5% of net sales in 2004, with
sales being increased by $2.9 million of favorable currency effects in 2005.

Gross profit was $144.6 million or 30.9% of sales in 2005 compared to $173.8
million or 36.4% of sales in 2004. The gross profit margin percentage decline
resulted from unfavorable leveraging of plant overhead due to lower production
volumes, higher commodity prices and the recognition of $4.9 million of Ireland
restructuring charges in 2005.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $2.4 million to $98.5
million in 2005 from $96.1 million in 2004, primarily due to a full year of
Heinrich expenses that were partially offset by lower administrative costs due
to staff reductions of 83 associates during 2005. As a percentage of sales,
selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 21.1% in 2005 from
20.2% in 2004, primarily due to lower sales. Research and development costs
increased $0.6 million to $16.7 million, representing 3.6% of sales in 2005 as
compared to 3.4% of sales in 2004, reflecting increased investment in new
product development. Total operating expenses, including intangible amortization
and impairments of long-term investments, were 25.2% of sales in 2005, compared
to 24.5% of sales in 2004.

Operating income in 2005 decreased 52.7% to $27.0 million or 5.8% of sales
compared to $57.0 million or 12.0% of sales in the prior year. The decreases in
operating income and operating margin were due to the factors affecting gross
profit margin and


                                                                               2

<PAGE>

operating expenses described above.

Interest expense was $2.1 million in 2005 compared to $1.5 million in 2004 due
to a higher weighted average interest rate in 2005. Other expense (income), net,
consisting of interest income, royalties, gains and losses on investments,
non-operating income and foreign currency items was income, net, of $3.1 million
compared to expense, net, of $0.1 million in the prior year, primarily due to
the recognition of a $1.4 million gain on the sale of the Company's interest in
a wafer fabrication facility in the U.K. in 2005 and Heinrich rental income.

Earnings from continuing operations before minority interest and income taxes
were $27.9 million in 2005 compared to $55.5 million in 2004. Minority interest
income was $0.1 million in 2005, reflecting the minority share ownership in
Heinrich. Income tax expense was $11.4 million in 2005 compared to $19.0 million
in the prior year. Earnings from continuing operations were $16.6 million in
2005 compared to $36.4 million in 2004.

In the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company entered into a contract to sell the
Efen business acquired as part of the Heinrich acquisition in May 2004.
Therefore, the Efen business is accounted for as a discontinued operation that
reported income, net of taxes, of $1.1 million in 2005 compared to a loss, net
of taxes, of $0.3 million in 2004. Net income in the current year was $17.7
million, compared to $36.0 million in the prior year.

The Company's effective tax rate increased to 41.1% in 2005 from 34.1% in 2004,
reflecting the limited tax shield on restructuring charges and repatriation of
earnings from lower tax jurisdictions. Diluted earnings per share were $0.78 in
2005 compared to $1.59 in 2004. The decreases in net income and earnings per
share reflect the lower margins and a higher effective tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company has historically financed capital expenditures through cash flows
from operations. Management expects that cash flows from operations and
available lines of credit will be sufficient to support both its operations and
its debt obligations for the foreseeable future.

The Company has an unsecured domestic financing arrangement consisting of a
credit agreement with banks that provides a $75.0 million revolving credit
facility, with a potential increase of up to $125.0 million upon request of the
Company and agreement with the lenders, that expires on July 21, 2011. At
December 30, 2006, the Company had available $52.5 million of borrowing
capability under the revolving credit facility at an interest rate of LIBOR plus
0.50% (5.95% as of December 30, 2006). The Company also had $6.1 million and
$5.8 million in letters of credit outstanding at December 30, 2006, and December
31, 2005, respectively.

The Company has an unsecured bank line of credit in Japan that provides a Yen
0.9 billion (an equivalent of $7.6 million) revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of TIBOR plus 0.625% (1.12% as of December 30, 2006). The
revolving line of credit balance becomes due on July 21, 2011. At December 30,
2006, the Company had the equivalent of $1.3 million outstanding on the Yen
facility.

The Company has an unsecured bank line of credit that provides a Taiwanese
Dollar 35.0 million (equivalent to $1.1 million) revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of two-years Time Deposit plus 0.145% (2.3% as of December 30,
2006). The revolving line of credit becomes due on August 18, 2009. At December
30, 2006, the Company had the equivalent of $0.9 million outstanding on the
Taiwanese Dollar facility.

The Company has various other foreign fixed rate loans outstanding at December
30, 2006, totaling $1.4 million with maturity dates through August 2013.

The domestic bank credit agreement contains covenants that, among other matters,
impose limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, future mergers,
sales of assets, payment of dividends, and changes in control, as defined. In
addition, the Company is required to satisfy certain financial covenants and
tests relating to, among other matters, interest coverage, working capital,
leverage and net worth. At December 30, 2006, and for the year then ended, the
Company was in compliance with these covenants.

The Company started 2006 with $21.9 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $80.9 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities was
$42.6 million and included $19.6 million in net purchases of property, plant and
equipment and $37.8 million for the acquisition of businesses partially offset
by $14.4 million from the sale of assets including the Efen business ($11.6
million) and a building in Witten, Germany ($2.8 million) and $0.5 million from
the sale of an investment in LC Fab. Cash used in financing activities of $6.4
million included the repurchase of the Company's common stock of $10.3 million
and net payments of long-term debt of $2.3 million partially offset by cash
proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $5.7 million and the excess tax
benefit on share-based compensation of $0.5 million. The effect of exchange rate
changes increased cash by $2.8 million. The net cash provided by operations and
financing activities, less investing activities plus the effect of exchange
rates, resulted in a $34.8 million net increase in cash. This left the Company
with a cash balance of $56.7 million at the end of 2006.

Decreases in net operating assets (including short-term and long-term items)
provided $31.9 million of cash flow in 2006. The major factors contributing to
lower net operating assets were increases in accounts payable and accrued
expenses of $20.0 million, accrued taxes of $6.5 million, decreases in accounts
receivable of $2.8 million, inventories of $1.2 million and prepaid expenses and
other of $1.4 million. Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable decreased
to 60 days at year-end 2006 compared to 63 days at year-end 2005 and 60 days at
year-end 2004. The 2006 improvement in days sales outstanding was due primarily
to a reduction in past-due automotive accounts. Days inventory outstanding was
67 days at year-end 2006 compared to 75 days at year-end 2005


                                                                               3

<PAGE>

and 88 days at year-end 2004. The improvement in days inventory outstanding in
2005 and 2006 was the result of lean manufacturing and logistics initiatives and
improved inventory planning.

The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.2 to 1 at year-end 2006
compared to 2.0 to 1 at year-end 2005 and 1.8 to 1 at year-end 2004. The ratio
of long-term debt to equity was 0.1 to 1 at year-end 2006 compared to 0.0 to 1
at year-end 2005 and 0.1 to 1 at year-end 2004.

The Company started 2005 with $28.6 million of cash. Net cash provided by
operations was $38.1 million in the year. Cash used in investing activities
included $27.2 million in net purchases of property, plant and equipment and
$3.7 million for the acquisition of the remaining Heinrich shares partially
offset by $0.6 million from the sale of an investment in LC Fab. Cash provided
by financing activities included net proceeds of notes receivable of $3.5
million and cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $3.8 million
partially offset by net payments of long-term debt of $6.8 million and the
repurchase of $12.8 million of the Company's common stock. The effect of
exchange rate changes decreased cash by $2.2 million. The net cash provided by
operations and financing activities, less investing activities plus the effect
of exchange rates, resulted in a $6.6 million net decrease in cash. This left
the Company with a cash balance of $21.9 million at the end of 2005.

Increases in net operating assets consumed $9.7 million of cash flow in 2005.
The major factors contributing to higher net operating assets were an increase
in accounts receivable of $11.2 million, a decrease in accounts payable and
accrued expenses of $1.1 million and accrued taxes of $5.6 million, partially
offset by a decrease in inventory of $6.6 million and prepaid expenses and
other of $1.6 million. Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable increased
to 63 days at year-end 2005 compared to 60 days at year-end 2004 and 50 days at
year-end 2003. The increase was due to longer payment terms for certain
automotive customers, the addition of Heinrich, which has a longer accounts
receivable collection cycle than the base Littelfuse business and the Delphi
bankruptcy in 2005. Days inventory outstanding was 75 days at year-end 2005
compared to 88 days at year-end 2004 and 71 days at year-end 2003. The reduction
in days inventory outstanding in 2005 was due primarily to improved inventory
management.

The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.0 to 1 at year-end 2005
compared to 1.8 to 1 at year-end 2004 and 1.8 to 1 at year-end 2003. The ratio
of long-term debt to equity was 0.0 to 1 at year-end 2005 compared to 0.1 to 1
at year-end 2004 and 0.0 to 1 at year-end 2003.

The Efen business, which is presented as a discontinued operation, did not
contribute significantly to cash from operations in 2006, 2005 or 2004.

The Company's capital expenditures were $19.6 million in 2006, $27.2 million in
2005, and $22.1 million in 2004. The Company expects that capital expenditures
in 2007 will be approximately $25 million. The primary purposes for capital
expenditures in 2007 will be related to new product introductions, capacity
expansion, manufacturing transfers and other cost reduction projects. As in
2006, the Company expects to finance capital expenditures in 2007 through cash
flow from operations.

The Company decreased total debt by $2.3 million in 2006 and $6.8 million in
2005 after increasing debt by $3.8 million in 2004. The Company's Board of
Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase shares of its common stock,
from time to time, depending on market conditions. The Company repurchased
329,000 common shares for $10.3 million in 2006, 458,000 common shares for $12.8
million in 2005, and 168,400 common shares for $5.6 million in 2004.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

In accordance with the definition under SEC rules, the following qualify as
off-balance sheet arrangements:

- -    any obligation under certain guarantees or contracts;

- -    a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an
     unconsolidated entity or similar entity or similar arrangement that serves
     as credit, liquidity or market risk support to that entity for such assets;

- -    any obligation under certain derivative instruments; and

- -    any obligation under a material variable interest held by the registrant in
     an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or
     credit risk support to the registrant, or engages in leasing, hedging or
     research and development services with the registrant.

The following discussion addresses each of the above items for the Company.

On December 30, 2006, the Company was not liable for guarantees of indebtedness
owed by third parties.

As of December 30, 2006, the Company was not directly liable for the debt of any
unconsolidated entity, and the Company does not have any retained or contingent
interest in assets as defined above.

As of December 30, 2006, the Company does not hold any derivative financial
instruments, as defined by FASB Statement No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities, as amended.


                                                                               4

<PAGE>

As part of the Company's ongoing business, the Company does not participate in
transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or
financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance
or special purpose entities ("SPEs"), which would have been established for the
purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually
narrow or limited purposes. As of December 30, 2006 and December 31, 2005, the
Company is not involved in any unconsolidated SPE transactions.

Contractual Obligations

Achieving optimal returns on cash often involves making long-term commitments.
SEC regulations require that the Company present its contractual obligations,
and the Company has done so in the table that follows. However, the Company's
future cash flow prospects cannot reasonably be assessed based on such
obligations, as the most significant factor affecting its future cash flows is
its ability to earn and collect cash from its customers. Future cash outflows,
whether they are contractual obligations or not, will vary based on the
Company's future needs. Further, normal operations involve significant
expenditures that are not based on "commitments." Examples of such expenditures
include amounts paid for income taxes or for salaries and benefits.

The following table summarizes contractual obligations and commitments, as of
December 30, 2006 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Payment Due By Period
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                   Less than                               More than
Contractual Obligations                   Total      1 year    1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years    5 years
- -----------------------                  -------   ---------   -----------   -----------   ---------
<S>                                      <C>       <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>
Long-term debt obligations               $26,113    $24,328       $1,015        $  420       $  350
Interest payments                          1,059        835           86            77           61
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan     1,952        200           --            --        1,752
Operating lease payments                  16,604      4,553        4,734         3,184        4,133
                                         -------    -------       ------        ------       ------
Total                                    $45,728    $29,916       $5,835        $3,681       $6,296
                                         =======    =======       ======        ======       ======
</TABLE>

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 151, "Inventory Costs - An
Amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4." SFAS 151 clarifies
that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and
spoilage should be expensed as incurred and not included as overhead. SFAS 151
also requires that the allocation of fixed production overhead to conversion
costs be based on normal capacity of the production facilities. SFAS 151 has
been applied prospectively beginning January 1, 2006. The adoption of SFAS 151
did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS
123(R)"). SFAS 123(R) requires public companies to recognize compensation
expense for the cost of awards of equity compensation using a fair value method.
The Company adopted SFAS 123(R) on January 1, 2006 (i.e., the first quarter of
2006) using the modified prospective method. The Company has made the one-time
election to adopt the transition method described in FASB Staff Position (FSP)
No. FAS 123(R)-3, "Transition Election Related to Accounting for the Tax Effect
of Share-Based Payment Awards". Under SFAS 123(R), benefits of tax deductions in
excess of recognized compensation expense are now reported as a financing cash
flow, rather than an operating cash flow as prescribed under the prior
accounting rules. The Company recognized $5.2 million of expense related to
share-based compensation during 2006. The impact of the adoption of SFAS 123(R)
is more fully described in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an Amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)". SFAS No. 158 requires the recognition
of the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan
as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded
status recorded through comprehensive income in the year in which those changes
occur. The Company adopted FAS158 during 2006. The impact of the adoption of
SFAS No. 158 is more fully described in Note 10.

In July 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued FASB
Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes" ("FIN 48"),
an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." FIN
48 requires that a position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return be
recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not (i.e. a
likelihood of more than fifty percent) that the position would be sustained upon
examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax position is then measured at
the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. The effective date for the application of
FIN48 by the Company is January 1, 2007. Upon adoption, the cumulative effect of
applying the recognition and measurement provisions of FIN 48, if any, shall be
reflected as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. The
adoption of FIN 48 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements.

In September 2006, FASB Statement 157, "Fair Value Measurements" ("SFAS 157")
was issued. SFAS 157 establishes a framework for measuring fair value by
providing a standard definition of fair value as it applies to assets and
liabilities. SFAS 157, which does not require any new fair value measurements,
clarifies the application of other accounting pronouncements that require or
permit fair value measurements. SFAS 157 must be applied prospectively beginning
January 1, 2008. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS 157 on
its Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                                                               5

<PAGE>
Critical Accounting Policies

Certain of the accounting policies as discussed below require the application of
significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate estimates and
assumptions for calculating amounts to record in the financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions, impacting the
reported results of operations and financial position. Significant accounting
policies are more fully described in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain accounting
policies, however, are considered to be critical in that they are most important
to the depiction of the Company's financial condition and results of operations
and their application requires management's subjective judgment in making
estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company
believes the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid in fully
understanding and evaluating its reported financial results, as they require
management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. The Company has reviewed these critical accounting policies and
related disclosures with the Audit Committee of its Board of Directors.

Revenue Recognition: The Company recognizes revenue on product sales in the
period the sales process is complete. This generally occurs when our products
are shipped (FOB origin) to the customer in accordance with the terms of the
sale, the risk of loss has been transferred, collectibility is reasonably
assured and the pricing is fixed and determinable. Our distribution channels are
primarily through direct sales, and through independent third party
distributors. There is no retail channel.

Revenue & Billing

We accept orders from customers based on long term purchasing contracts and
written sales agreements. Contract pricing and selling agreement terms are based
on market factors, costs, and competition. Pricing is normally negotiated as an
adjustment (premium or discount) from our published price lists. The customer is
invoiced when our products are shipped to them in accordance with the terms of
the sales agreement.

Returns & Credits

Some of the terms of the Company's sales agreements and normal business
conditions provide the customers (distributors) the ability to receive credit
for products previously shipped and invoiced. This practice is common in the
industry and is referred to as a "ship and debit" program. This program allows
the distributor to debit Littelfuse for the difference between the distributors
contracted price and a lower price for specific transactions. Under certain
circumstances (usually in a competitive situation or large volume opportunity),
a distributor will request authorization to reduce their price to their buyer.
If the Company approves such a reduction, the distributor is authorized to
"debit" their account for the amount of their reduced margin. The Company
establishes reserves for this program based on historic activity and actual
authorizations for the debit. In accordance with the guidance of paragraph 9 of
EITF Issue No. 01-09 "Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a
Customer" we recognize these debits as a reduction of revenue.

The Company has a return to stock policy whereby a customer with previous
authorization from Littelfuse management, can return previously purchased goods
for full or partial credit. The Company establishes an estimated allowance for
these returns based on historic activity. Sales revenue and cost of sales are
reduced to anticipate estimated returns in accordance with FASB Statement No.
48, Revenue Recognition When Right of Return Exists.

The Company properly meets all of the criteria of FASB Statement No. 48 for
recognizing revenue when the right of return exists under Staff Accounting
Bulletin 104 (Revenue Recognition). Specifically, the Company meets those
requirements because:

     1.   The Company's selling price is fixed or determinable at the date of
          the sale.

     2.   The Company has policies and procedures to accept only credit worthy
          customers with the ability to pay the Company.

     3.   The Company's customers are obligated to pay the Company under the
          contract and the obligation is not contingent on the resale of the
          product. (All "ship and debit" and "returns to stock" require specific
          circumstances and authorization.)

     4.   The risk ownership transfers to the Company's customers upon shipment
          and is not changed in the event of theft, physical destruction or
          damage of the product.

     5.   The Company bills at the ship date and establishes a reserve to reduce
          revenue from the in transit time until the product is delivered for
          F.O.B. destination sales.

     6.   The Company's customers acquiring the product for resale have economic
          substance apart from that provided by Littelfuse. All of our
          distributors are independent of the Company.

     7.   The Company does not have any obligations for future performance to
          bring about resale of the product by its customers.

     8.   The Company can reasonably estimate the amount of future returns.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: The Company evaluates the collectibility of its
trade receivables based on a combination of factors. The Company regularly
analyzes its significant customer accounts and, when the Company becomes aware
of a specific customer's inability to meet its financial obligations, the
Company records a specific reserve for bad debt to reduce the related receivable
to the amount the Company reasonably believes is collectible. The Company also
records allowances for all other customers based on a variety of factors
including the length of time the receivables are past due, the financial health
of the customer, macroeconomic considerations and historical experience.
Historically, the allowance for doubtful accounts has been adequate to cover bad
debts. If circumstances related to specific customers change, the estimates of
the recoverability of receivables could be further adjusted. However, due to the
Company's diverse customer base and lack of credit concentration, the Company
does not believe its estimates would be materially impacted by changes in its
assumptions.


                                                                               6

<PAGE>

Credit Memos: The Company evaluates sales activity for credits to be issued on
sales recorded prior to the end of the fiscal period. These credits relate to
the return of inventory, pricing adjustments and credits issued to a customer
based upon achieving prearranged sales volumes. Volume based incentives offered
to customers are based upon the estimated cost of the program and are recognized
as a reduction to revenue as products are sold. However, due to the Company's
diverse customer base and lack of customer concentration, the Company does not
believe its estimates would be materially impacted by changes in its
assumptions.

Inventory: The Company performs a detailed assessment of inventory, which
includes a review of, among other factors, demand requirements, product life
cycle and development plans, component cost trends, product pricing and quality
issues. Based on the analysis, the Company records adjustments to inventory for
excessiveness, obsolescence or impairment when appropriate to reflect inventory
at net realizable value. Historically, inventory reserves have been adequate to
reflect inventory at net realizable values. Revisions to inventory adjustments
may be required if actual demand, component costs or product life cycles differ
from estimates. However, due to the Company's diverse product lines and end user
markets, the Company does not believe its estimates would be materially impacted
by changes in its assumptions.

Goodwill and Other Intangibles: The Company annually tests goodwill for
impairment as required by FAS142 or if there is an event or change in
circumstances that indicate the asset may be impaired. The Company determined
the fair value of each of its reporting units by using a guideline company
method to estimate market value. A valuation multiple is derived for each
business segment from transactions involving companies similar to the Company.
That multiple is applied to an EBITDA of each segment to estimate the market
value of that segment. In making these estimates, the Company considered the
markets it was addressing, the competitive environment and its advantages. The
Company determined that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded
their carrying amounts and, therefore, no goodwill impairment existed. The
Company will continue to perform a goodwill impairment test as required on an
annual basis and on an interim basis, if certain conditions exist. Factors the
Company considers important, which could result in changes to its estimates,
include underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating
results and declines in acquisition and trading multiples. Due to the diverse
end user base and non-discretionary product demand, the Company does not believe
its future operating results will vary significantly relative to its historical
and projected future operating results.

Long-Lived Assets: The Company evaluates long-lived assets on an ongoing basis.
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the related asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a
comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If the asset is determined to be
impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the
carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. The Company's estimates of
future cash flows from such assets could be impacted if it underperforms
relative to historical or projected future operating results. However, due to
the Company's diverse product lines and end user markets, the Company does not
believe its estimates would be materially impacted by changes in its
assumptions.

Pension and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan: The Company has a number of
defined benefit plans primarily in the North America and European reporting
segments. Historically these plans have been accounted for using FAS87 and
recognized the net unfunded status of the plan on the balance sheet. The Company
has adopted FAS158 effective December 30, 2006, which requires the full unfunded
status of the plan to be recognized. Actuarial gains and losses and prior
service costs and credits are now recognized as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income. Accounting for pensions requires estimating the future
benefit cost and recognizing the cost over the employee's expected period of
employment with the Company. Certain assumptions are required in the calculation
of pension costs and obligations. These assumptions include the discount rate,
salary scales and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The
discount rate is intended to represent the rate at which pension benefit
obligations could be settled by purchase of an annuity contract. These
assumptions are subject to change based on stock and bond market returns and
other economic factors. Actual results that differ from the Company's
assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and therefore
generally affect its recognized expense and accrued liability in such future
periods. While the Company believes that its assumptions are appropriate given
current economic conditions and its actual experience, significant differences
in results or significant changes in the Company's assumptions may materially
affect its pension obligations and related future expense.

Environmental Liabilities: Environmental liabilities are accrued based on
estimates of the probability of potential future environmental exposure.
Expenses related to on-going maintenance of environmental sites are expensed as
incurred. If actual or estimated probable future losses exceed the Company's
recorded liability for such claims, it would record additional charges as other
expense during the period in which the actual loss or change in estimate
occurred.

Other Contingencies: In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved
in legal proceedings involving contractual and employment relations, product
liability claims, trademark rights and a variety of other matters. The Company
records contingent liabilities resulting from claims against it when it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss is
reasonably estimable. The Company discloses contingent liabilities when there is
a reasonable possibility that the ultimate loss will exceed the recorded
liability. Estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, in
some cases including judgments about the potential actions of third party
claimants and courts. Therefore, actual losses in any future period are
inherently uncertain. Currently, the Company does not believe that any of its
pending legal proceedings or claims will have a material impact on its financial
position or results of operations. However, if actual or estimated probable
future losses exceed the Company's recorded liability for such claims, it would
record additional charges as other expense during the period in which the actual
loss or change in estimate occurred.

Stock-based compensation: Stock-based compensation expense is recorded for
stock-option grants and performance-based restricted stock awards based upon the
fair values of the awards. The fair value of stock option awards is estimated
at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which includes
assumptions for volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and dividend
yield.


                                                                               7

<PAGE>
Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on
Littelfuse stock, historical volatility of Littelfuse stock and other factors.
Historical data is used to estimate employee termination experience and the
expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The performance-based
restricted stock awards vest in thirds over a three-year period (following the
three-year performance period), and are paid annually as they vest, one half in
the Company's common stock and one half in cash. The fair value of
performance-based restricted stock awards that are paid in common stock is
measured at the market price on the grant date, and the fair value of the
portion paid in cash is measured at the current market price of a share. The
number of shares issued is based on the Company attaining certain financial
performance goals relating to return on net tangible assets (RONTA) and earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) during the
three-year period after the grant date. Stock-based compensation for
performance-based awards is based on the fair values and the Company's current
estimate of the probable number of shares to be issued (based on the probable
outcome at the end of the performance period). As the Company's estimate of the
probable outcome changes in future periods, stock-based compensation expense is
adjusted accordingly. Total stock-based compensation expense was $5.2 million in
2006. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Market Risk

The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates, customer solvency and commodities.

The Company had debt outstanding at December 30, 2006, in the form of a domestic
revolving credit facility and foreign lines of credit at variable rates. While
100% of this debt has variable interest rates, the Company's interest expense is
not materially sensitive to changes in interest rate levels since debt levels
and potential interest expense increases are small relative to earnings.

A portion of the Company's operations consists of manufacturing and sales
activities in foreign countries. The Company has manufacturing facilities in
Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, Germany, China and the Philippines. During 2006,
sales exported from the United States or manufactured abroad accounted for 61.1%
of total sales. Substantially all sales in Europe are denominated in Euro, U.S.
Dollar and British Pound Sterling, and substantially all sales in the
Asia-Pacific region are denominated in U.S. Dollar, Japanese Yen and South
Korean Won.

The Company's identifiable foreign exchange exposures result from the purchase
and sale of products from affiliates, repayment of intercompany trade and loan
amounts and translation of local currency amounts in consolidation of financial
results. As international sales were more than half of total sales, a
significant portion of the resulting accounts receivable are denominated in
foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic
conditions in the foreign countries in which it manufactures and distributes
products could affect the Company's sales, accounts receivable values and
financial results. The Company uses netting and offsetting intercompany account
management techniques to reduce known foreign currency exposures where possible
and also, from time to time, utilizes derivative instruments to hedge certain
foreign currency exposures deemed to be material.

The Company uses various metals in the production of its products, including
zinc and copper. The Company's earnings are exposed to fluctuations in the
prices of these commodities. The Company does not currently use derivative
financial instruments to mitigate this commodity price risk. A 10% increase in
the price of zinc and copper would reduce pre-tax profit by approximately $1.0
million and $1.0 million, respectively.

The Company does not believe it has significant exposure to market risk from
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or commodity prices.

Outlook

The Company believes its long-term growth strategy, which emphasizes development
of new circuit protection products, providing customers with solutions and
technical support in all major regions of the world and leveraging low cost
production facilities in Asia and Mexico will drive sales growth and reduce
costs in each of its segments. In addition, the fundamentals for the Company's
major markets appear to be neutral to moderately positive for 2007, although the
Company does expect to be negatively affected by an inventory correction in the
electronics channels in the first half of 2007.

The Company initiated a series of projects in the years 2004, 2005 and 2006 to
reduce costs in its global manufacturing and distribution operations as well as
reduce the cost of purchased materials and transportation. These programs are
expected to generate significant cost savings in 2007. On the other hand, the
Company plans to continue to increase research and development spending on new
electronic and automotive products in 2007.

The Company is working to expand its share of the circuit protection market by
leveraging new products that it has recently acquired or developed as well as
improved solution selling capabilities. In the future, the Company will look for
opportunities to add to its product portfolio and technical expertise so that it
can provide customers with the most complete circuit protection solutions
available in the marketplace.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ("PSLRA").

The statements in this section, the letter to shareholders and in the other
sections of this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are not
historical facts are intended to constitute "forward-looking statements"
entitled to the safe-harbor provisions of the PSRLA and that involve risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, product demand and market
acceptance, economic conditions, the impact of competitive products and pricing,
product quality problems or product recalls, capacity and supply difficulties or
constraints, coal mining exposures in excess of reserves, failure of an
indemnification for environmental liability, exchange rate fluctuations,
commodity price fluctuations, the effect of the Company's accounting policies,
labor disputes, restructuring costs in excess of expectations, pension plan
asset returns less than assumed, integration of acquisitions and other risks
which may be detailed in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission
filings.


                                                                               8

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of Littelfuse is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Littelfuse's internal control system was designed
to provide reasonable assurance to its management and the Board of Directors
regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.

An internal control significant deficiency is a control deficiency, or
combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company's
ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial
data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such
that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the Company's
annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will
not be prevented or detected. An internal control material weakness is a
significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results
in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.

Littelfuse's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2006, based upon the
framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this
assessment, the Company's management concluded that, as of December 30, 2006,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Littelfuse's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP,
has audited management's assessment of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Their report appears on page 11.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.


                                                                               9

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF LITTELFUSE, INC.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Littelfuse, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of December 30, 2006, and December 31, 2005, and the related
consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 30, 2006. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Littelfuse, Inc.
and subsidiaries at December 30, 2006, and December 31, 2005, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 30, 2006, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements,
effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment" and, effective for the fiscal year
ended December 30, 2006, the Company adopted certain provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for Defined
Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans".

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of Littelfuse,
Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2006, based
on criteria established in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
report dated February 23, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois

February 23, 2007


                                                                              10

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF LITTELFUSE, INC.

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that
Littelfuse, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 30, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal
Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Littelfuse's
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management's assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that Littelfuse, Inc. maintained
effective internal controls over financial reporting as of December 30, 2006, is
fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO control criteria.
Also, in our opinion, Littelfuse, Inc. maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2006,
based on the COSO criteria.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the 2006 consolidated financial
statements of Littelfuse, Inc. and our report dated February 23, 2007 expressed
an unqualified opinion thereon.

Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois

February 23, 2007


                                                                              11
<PAGE>

Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              December 30,   December 31,
(In thousands)                                                                    2006           2005
                                                                              ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                           <C>            <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                    $  56,704      $  21,947
   Accounts receivable, less allowances (2006 - $17,503; 2005 - $11,903)           83,901         80,303
   Inventories                                                                     65,961         63,423
   Deferred income taxes                                                           12,382         11,927
   Assets held for sale (Efen)                                                         --         17,633
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                        9,821          7,936
                                                                                ---------      ---------
Total current assets                                                              228,769        203,169
Property, plant, and equipment:
   Land                                                                            10,916         13,370
   Buildings                                                                       45,518         48,277
   Equipment                                                                      285,758        254,829
                                                                                ---------      ---------
                                                                                  342,192        316,476
Accumulated depreciation                                                         (216,676)      (190,983)
                                                                                ---------      ---------
Net property, plant and equipment                                                 125,516        125,493

Intangible assets, net of amortization:
   Patents, licenses and software                                                  10,118          2,891
   Distribution network                                                            15,209          6,508
   Trademarks and tradenames                                                        1,321          5,343
   Goodwill                                                                        67,500         54,440
                                                                                ---------      ---------
                                                                                   94,148         69,182
Investments                                                                         5,231          5,590
Deferred income taxes                                                               9,746             --
Other assets                                                                        1,556            497
                                                                                ---------      ---------
Total assets                                                                    $ 464,966      $ 403,931
                                                                                ---------      ---------
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                                             $  23,334      $  20,457
   Accrued payroll                                                                 22,468         20,128
   Accrued expenses                                                                12,579          8,141
   Accrued severance                                                               10,670          7,866
   Accrued income taxes                                                            12,657          9,920
   Liabilities held for sale (Efen)                                                    --          6,722
   Current portion of long-term debt                                               24,328         26,682
                                                                                ---------      ---------
Total current liabilities                                                         106,036         99,916
Long-term debt, less current portion                                                1,785             --
Accrued severance                                                                  18,879             --
Deferred income taxes                                                                  --          1,879
Accrued post-retirement benefits                                                   27,971         19,268
Other long-term liabilities                                                         6,487          5,658
Minority Interest                                                                     143            144

Shareholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share: 1,000,000 shares authorized;
      no shares issued and outstanding                                                 --             --
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share: 34,000,000 shares authorized;
      shares issued and outstanding, 2006 - 22,110,674; 2005 - 22,229,288             221            222
Additional paid-in capital                                                        108,543         99,078
Notes receivable from officers - common stock                                         (10)           (17)
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                         (11)        (2,426)
Retained earnings                                                                 194,922        180,209
                                                                                ---------      ---------
Total shareholders' equity                                                        303,665        277,066
                                                                                ---------      ---------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                      $ 464,966      $ 403,931
                                                                                =========      =========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                              12

<PAGE>

Consolidated Statements of Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share amounts)                     December 30,   December 31,   January 1,
Year Ended                                                       2006            2005         2005
- ----------------------------------------                     ------------   ------------   ----------
<S>                                                          <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales                                                      $534,859       $467,089      $476,833
Cost of sales                                                   373,596        322,537       303,036
                                                               --------       --------      --------
Gross profit                                                    161,263        144,552       173,797
Selling, general and administrative expenses                    110,581         98,536        96,102
Research and development expenses                                18,708         16,672        16,079
Impairment of long-term investment                                   --             --         2,277
Amortization of intangibles                                       3,116          2,378         2,336
                                                               --------       --------      --------
Operating income                                                 28,858         26,966        57,003
Interest expense                                                  1,626          2,098         1,475
Other expense (income), net                                      (2,174)        (3,068)           47
                                                               --------       --------      --------
Earnings from continuing operations before
   minority interest and income taxes                            29,406         27,936        55,481
Minority interest                                                    --            (86)          143
Income taxes                                                      6,170         11,440        18,977
                                                               --------       --------      --------
Earnings from continuing operations                              23,236         16,582        36,361
Discontinued operations (net of tax expense of $409, $645
   and $252 in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively)                   588          1,128          (333)
                                                               --------       --------      --------
Net income                                                     $ 23,824       $ 17,710      $ 36,028
                                                               --------       --------      --------
Net income per share:
Basic:
   Continuing operations                                       $   1.04       $   0.74      $   1.64
   Discontinued operations                                         0.03           0.05         (0.02)
                                                               --------       --------      --------
   Net Income                                                  $   1.07       $   0.79      $   1.62
                                                               ========       ========      ========
Diluted:
   Continuing operations                                       $   1.03       $   0.73      $   1.61
   Discontinued operations                                         0.03           0.05         (0.02)
                                                               --------       --------      --------
   Net Income                                                  $   1.06       $   0.78      $   1.59
                                                               ========       ========      ========
Weighted-average shares and equivalent shares outstanding:
Basic                                                            22,305         22,413        22,239
Diluted                                                          22,434         22,582        22,604
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                              13
<PAGE>

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           December 30,   December 31,   January 1,
Year Ended                                                     2006           2005          2005
- ----------                                                 ------------   ------------   ----------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>            <C>
Operating activities
Net income                                                   $ 23,824       $ 17,710      $ 36,028
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
   by operating activities:
   Depreciation                                                29,749         28,738        23,859
   Amortization of intangibles                                  3,116          2,495         2,441
   Impairment of long-term investment                              --             --         2,277
   Provision for bad debts                                        127          1,884           802
   Gain on sale of LC Fab                                          --         (1,400)           --
   Stock-based compensation                                     5,187             --            --
   Deferred income taxes                                      (12,952)        (1,564)        3,281
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable                                          2,843        (11,185)       (6,582)
   Inventories                                                  1,240          6,594        (4,277)
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses                       19,969         (1,134)       (7,709)
   Accrued taxes                                                6,461         (5,590)           --
   Prepaid expenses and other                                   1,351          1,594         2,864
                                                             --------       --------      --------
Net cash provided by operating activities                      80,915         38,142        52,984

Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                    (19,613)       (27,239)      (22,079)
Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired                  (37,841)        (3,658)      (41,661)
Sale of business and property, plant and equipment             14,401             --            --
Sale of LC Fab                                                    500            600            --
                                                             --------       --------      --------
Net cash used in investing activities                         (42,553)       (30,297)      (63,740)

Financing activities
Proceeds from debt                                             43,273         48,819        42,200
Payments of debt                                              (45,626)       (55,616)      (38,402)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options                         5,734          3,844        16,520
Notes receivable, common stock                                      7          3,533            --
Purchases of common stock                                     (10,262)       (12,832)       (5,604)
Excess tax benefit on share-based compensation                    468             --            --
                                                             --------       --------      --------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities            (6,406)       (12,252)       14,714
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                         2,801         (2,229)        2,497
                                                             --------       --------      --------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents               34,757         (6,636)        6,455
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                 21,947         28,583        22,128
                                                             --------       --------      --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                     $ 56,704       $ 21,947      $ 28,583
                                                             ========       ========      ========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                                                              14

<PAGE>

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity

(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Notes       Accumulated
                                                           Additional   Receivable-       Other
                                                  Common     Paid-In      Common      Comprehensive   Retained
                                                  Stock      Capital       Stock      Income (Loss)   Earnings    Total
                                                  ------   ----------   -----------   -------------   --------   --------
<S>                                               <C>      <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>        <C>
Balance at January 3, 2004                         $220     $ 75,859      $(3,550)       $(3,042)     $142,715   $212,202
Comprehensive income:
   Net income for the year                           --           --           --             --        36,028     36,028
   Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives      --           --           --            824            --        824
   Minimum pension liability adjustment*             --           --           --           (458)           --       (458)
   Unrealized loss on investments*                   --           --           --         (1,095)           --     (1,095)
   Foreign currency translation adjustment           --           --           --          7,444            --      7,444
                                                   ----     --------      -------        -------      --------   --------
Comprehensive income                                                                                               42,743
Payments on notes receivable                         --           --           --             --            --         --
Purchase of 168,400 shares of common stock           (2)        (587)          --             --        (5,015)    (5,604)
Stock options exercised, including tax
   benefit of $3,946                                  7       20,736           --             --            --     20,743
                                                   ----     --------      -------        -------      --------   --------
Balance at January 1, 2005                         $225     $ 96,008      $(3,550)       $ 3,673      $173,728   $270,084
Comprehensive income:
   Net income for the year                           --           --           --             --        17,710     17,710
   Change in net unrealized loss on derivatives      --           --           --            177            --        177
   Minimum pension liability adjustment*             --           --           --         (1,111)           --     (1,111)
   Unrealized gain on investments*                   --           --           --            999            --        999
   Foreign currency translation adjustment           --           --           --         (6,164)           --     (6,164)
                                                   ----     --------      -------        -------      --------   --------
Comprehensive income                                                                                               11,611
Payments on notes receivable                         --           --        3,533             --            --      3,533
Purchase of 458,000 shares of common stock           (5)      (1,598)          --             --       (11,229)   (12,832)
Stock options exercised, including tax
   benefit of $443                                    2        4,668           --             --            --      4,670
                                                   ----     --------      -------        -------      --------   --------
Balance at December 31, 2005                       $222     $ 99,078      $   (17)       $(2,426)     $180,209   $277,066
Comprehensive income:
   Net income for the year                           --           --           --             --        23,824     23,824
   Minimum pension liability adjustment *            --           --           --          1,546            --      1,546
   Unrealized loss on investments*                   --           --           --           (467)           --       (467)
   Foreign currency translation adjustment           --           --           --          9,025            --      9,025
                                                   ----     --------      -------        -------      --------   --------
Comprehensive income                                                                                               33,928
Payments on notes receivable                         --           --            7             --            --          7
Adoption of FAS158*                                  --           --           --         (7,689)           --     (7,689)
Stock-based compensation (FAS123R)                   --        5,187           --             --            --      5,187
Purchase of 329,000 shares of common stock           (3)      (1,148)          --             --        (9,111)   (10,262)
Stock options exercised, including tax
   benefit of $779                                    2        5,426           --             --            --      5,428
                                                   ----     --------      -------        -------      --------   --------
Balance at December 30, 2006                       $221     $108,543      $   (10)       $   (11)     $194,922   $303,665
                                                   ====     ========      =======        =======      ========   ========
</TABLE>

*    Including related tax impact.

See accompanying notes.


                                                                              15
<PAGE>

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 30, 2006 and December 31, 2005

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Information

Nature of Operations: Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company)
design, manufacture, and sell circuit protection devices for use in the
automotive, electronic and electrical markets throughout the world.

Fiscal Year: The Company's fiscal years ended December 30, 2006, December 31,
2005, and January 1, 2005 and contained 52, 52 and 53 weeks, respectively.

Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial
statements of Littelfuse, Inc. and its subsidiaries were prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
and include the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of all wholly-owned
subsidiaries and majority-owned subsidiaries over which the Company exercises
control.

Cash Equivalents: All highly liquid investments, with a maturity of three months
or less when purchased, are considered to be cash equivalents.

Investments: The Company has determined that all of its investment securities
are to be classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale securities are
carried at fair value with the unrealized gains and losses reported in
"Shareholders' Equity" as a component of "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss)." The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of
premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is included
in interest income. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be
other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in other
income or expense. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific
identification method. Interest and dividends on securities classified as
available-for-sale are included in interest income.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments: The Company's financial instruments include
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, investments and long-term debt.
The carrying values of such financial instruments approximate their estimated
fair values.

Accounts Receivable: The Company performs credit evaluations of customers'
financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Credit losses are
provided for in the financial statements based upon specific knowledge of a
customer's inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company.
Historically, credit losses have consistently been within management's
expectations and have not been a material amount. The Company also maintains
allowances against accounts receivable for the settlement of rebates and sales
discounts to customers. These allowances are based upon specific customer sales
and sales discounts as well as actual historical experience.

Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (first in,
first out method), which approximates current replacement cost. The Company
maintains excess and obsolete allowances against inventory to reduce the
carrying value to the expected net realizable value. These allowances are based
upon a combination of factors including historical sales volume, market
conditions, lower of cost or market analysis and expected realizable value of
the inventory.

Property, Plant and Equipment: Land, buildings, and equipment are carried at
cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method with useful
lives of 21 years for buildings, seven to nine years for equipment, seven years
for furniture and fixtures, five years for tooling and three years for computer
equipment.

Intangible Assets: Trademarks and tradenames are amortized using the
straight-line method over estimated useful lives that have a range of five to
twenty years. Patents and licenses are amortized using the straight-line method
or an accelerated method over estimated useful lives that have a range of four
to nine years. The distribution networks are amortized on either a straight-line
or accelerated basis over estimated useful lives that have a range of nine to
twenty years. Intangible assets are also tested for impairment when there is a
significant event that may cause the asset to be impaired.

Goodwill is subject to an annual impairment test. The Company determined the
fair value of each of its reporting units by using a guideline company method to
estimate market value. A valuation multiple is derived for each business segment
from transactions involving companies similar to the Company. That multiple is
applied to an EBITDA of each segment to estimate the market value of that
segment. In making these estimates, the Company considered the markets it was
addressing, the competitive environment and its advantages. The Company
determined that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded their
carrying amounts and, therefore, no goodwill impairment existed. The Company
will continue to perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and on an
interim basis, if certain conditions exist. Factors the Company considers
important, which could result in changes to its estimates, include
underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results
and declines in acquisition and trading multiples. Due to the diverse end user
base and non-discretionary product demand, the Company does not believe its
future operating results will vary significantly relative to its historical and
projected future operating results.

Pension and Other Post-retirement Benefits: Accounting for pensions requires
estimating the future benefit cost and recognizing the cost over the employee's
expected period of employment with the Company. Certain assumptions are required
in the calculation of pension costs and obligations. These assumptions include
the discount rate, salary scales and the expected long-term rate of return on
plan assets. The discount rate is intended to represent the rate at which
pension benefit obligations could be settled by purchase of an annuity contract.
These assumptions are subject to change based on stock and bond market returns
and other economic factors. Actual results that differ from the Company's
assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods


                                                                              16

<PAGE>

and therefore generally affect its recognized expense and accrued liability in
such future periods. While the Company believes that its assumptions are
appropriate given current economic conditions and its actual experience,
significant differences in results or significant changes in the Company's
assumptions may materially affect its pension obligations and related future
expense.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an Amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)". SFAS No. 158 requires the recognition
of the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan
as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded
status recorded through comprehensive income in the year in which those changes
occur. The Company adopted FAS158 on December 30, 2006.

Environmental Liabilities: Environmental liabilities are accrued based on
engineering studies estimating the cost of remediating sites. Expenses related
to on-going maintenance of environmental sites are expensed as incurred. If
actual or estimated probable future losses exceed the Company's recorded
liability for such claims, it would record additional charges as other expense
during the period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred.

Revenue Recognition: The Company recognizes revenue on product sales in the
period the sales process is complete. This generally occurs when our products
are shipped (FOB origin) to the customer in accordance with the terms of the
sale, the risk of loss has been transferred, collectibility is reasonably
assured and the pricing is fixed and determinable. Our distribution channels are
primarily through direct sales, and through independent third party
distributors. There is no retail channel.

Revenue & Billing

The Company accepts orders from customers based on long term purchasing
contracts and written sales agreements. Contract pricing and selling agreement
terms are based on market factors, costs, and competition. Pricing is normally
negotiated as an adjustment (premium or discount) from our published price
lists. The customer is invoiced when our products are shipped to them in
accordance with the terms of the sales agreement.

Returns & Credits

Some of the terms of the Company's sales agreements and normal business
conditions provide the customers (distributors) the ability to receive credit
for products previously shipped and invoiced. This practice is common in the
industry and is referred to as a "ship and debit" program. This program allows
the distributor to debit Littelfuse for the difference between the distributors
contracted price and a lower price for specific transactions. Under certain
circumstances (usually in a competitive situation or large volume opportunity),
a distributor will request authorization to reduce their price to their buyer.
If the Company approves, the distributor is authorized to "debit" their
Littelfuse account for the amount of their reduced margin. The Company
establishes reserves for this program based on historic activity and actual
authorizations for the debit. In accordance with the guidance of paragraph 9 of
EITF Issue No. 01-09 "Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a
Customer" we recognize these debits as a reduction of revenue.

The Company has a return to stock policy whereby a customer with previous
authorization from Littelfuse management, can return previously purchased goods
for full or partial credit. The Company establishes an estimated allowance for
these returns based on historic activity. Sales revenue and cost of sales are
reduced to anticipate estimated returns in accordance with FASB Statement No.
48, Revenue Recognition When Right of Return Exists.

The Company properly meets all of the criteria of FASB Statement No. 48 for
recognizing revenue when the right of return exists under Staff Accounting
Bulletin 104 (Revenue Recognition). Specifically, the Company meets those
requirements because:

     1.   The Company's selling price is fixed or determinable at the date of
          the sale.

     2.   The Company has policies and procedures to accept only credit worthy
          customers with the ability to pay the Company.

     3.   The Company's customers are obligated to pay the Company under the
          contract and the obligation is not contingent on the resale of the
          product. (All "ship and debit" and "returns to stock" require specific
          circumstances and authorization.)

     4.   The risk ownership transfers to the Company's customers upon shipment
          and is not changed in the event of theft, physical destruction or
          damage of the product.

     5.   The Company bills at the ship date and establishes a reserve to reduce
          revenue from the in transit time until the product is delivered for
          F.O.B. destination sales.

     6.   The Company's customers acquiring the product for resale have economic
          substance apart from that provided by Littelfuse. All of our
          distributors are independent of the Company.

     7.   The Company does not have any obligations for future performance to
          bring about resale of the product by its customers.

     8.   The Company can reasonably estimate the amount of future returns.

Advertising Costs: The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred, which
amounted to $1.5 million in 2006, $1.8 million in 2005 and $2.2 million in 2004.

Foreign Currency Translation: The Company's foreign subsidiaries use the local
currency or the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, as appropriate. Assets
and liabilities are translated using exchange rates at the balance sheet date
and revenues and expenses are translated at weighted average rates. The amount
of foreign currency conversion gain recognized in the income statement related
to currency translation was $2.1 million, $1.0 million and $2.4 million in 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively. Adjustments from the translation process are
recognized in shareholders' equity as a component of other comprehensive income
(loss).


                                                                              17

<PAGE>
 Stock-based Compensation: In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123(R),
"Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS 123(R)"). SFAS 123(R) requires public companies to
recognize compensation expense for the cost of awards of equity compensation
using a fair value method. The Company adopted SFAS 123(R) on January 1, 2006
(i.e., the first quarter of 2006) using the modified prospective method. The
Company has made the one-time election to adopt the transition method described
in FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. FAS 123(R)-3, "Transition Election Related to
Accounting for the Tax Effect of Share-Based Payment Awards". Under SFAS 123(R),
benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation expense are now
reported as a financing cash flow, rather than an operating cash flow as
prescribed under the prior accounting rules. Prior to January 1, 2006, the
Company applied Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25") to account for its stock-based
compensation plans. Under APB 25, no compensation expense was recognized for
non-qualified stock option awards as long as the exercise price of the awards on
the date of grant was equal to the current market price of the Company's stock.
However, the Company did recognize compensation expense in connection with the
issuance of restricted stock. The table below discloses the Company's proforma
related basic and diluted net income per share for 2005 and 2004, had the fair
value recognition method under SFAS 123(R) been used for the Company's stock
option grants. Further information regarding stock-based compensation is
provided in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            2005      2004
                                          -------   -------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>
Net income as reported                    $17,710   $36,028
Stock option compensation expense under
   fair value method, net of tax           (3,172)   (2,762)
                                          -------   -------
Pro forma net income                      $14,538   $33,266
                                          -------   -------
Basic net income per share:
As reported                               $  0.79   $  1.62
Proforma                                  $  0.65   $  1.50
                                          -------   -------
Diluted net income per share:
As reported                               $  0.78   $  1.59
Proforma                                  $  0.64   $  1.47
                                          -------   -------
</TABLE>

On certain occasions, the Company has granted stock options for a fixed number
of shares with an exercise price below that of the underlying stock on the date
of the grant and recognizes compensation expense accordingly. This compensation
expense has not been material. See Note 12 for additional information on
stock-based compensation.

Accounting Pronouncements:

In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 151, "Inventory Costs - An
Amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 43, Chapter 4." SFAS 151 clarifies
that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and
spoilage should be expensed as incurred and not included as overhead. SFAS 151
also requires that the allocation of fixed production overhead to conversion
costs be based on normal capacity of the production facilities. SFAS 151 has
been applied prospectively beginning January 1, 2006. The adoption of SFAS 151
did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

In July 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued FASB
Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes" ("FIN 48"),
an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." FIN
48 requires that a position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return be
recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not (i.e. a
likelihood of more than fifty percent) that the position would be sustained upon
examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax position is then measured at
the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. The effective date for the Company is January
1, 2007. Upon adoption, the cumulative effect of applying the recognition and
measurement provisions of FIN 48, if any, shall be reflected as an adjustment to
the opening balance of retained earnings. The adoption of FIN 48 is not expected
to have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.

In September 2006, FASB Statement 157, "Fair Value Measurements" ("SFAS 157")
was issued. SFAS 157 establishes a framework for measuring fair value by
providing a standard definition of fair value as it applies to assets and
liabilities. SFAS 157, which does not require any new fair value measurements,
clarifies the application of other accounting pronouncements that require or
permit fair value measurements. SFAS 157 must be applied prospectively beginning
January 1, 2008. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS 157 on
its Consolidated Financial Statements.

Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities at
the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses and the accompanying notes. The Company evaluates and
updates its assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis and may employ outside
experts to assist in its evaluation, as considered necessary. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs: Amounts billed to customers in a sales
transaction represent fees earned for the goods and services provided and,
accordingly, amounts billed related to shipping and handling are classified as
revenue. Costs incurred for shipping and handling of $5.7 million, $5.1 million
and $4.6 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, are classified in
Selling,


                                                                              18

<PAGE>

General, and Administrative expenses.

Restructuring Costs: The Company incurs severance charges and plant closure
expenses as part of the Company's on-going cost reduction efforts. These charges
are included in Cost of Sales or Selling, General and Administrative expense
depending on the personnel being included in the charge.

2. Acquisition of Business

On May 6, 2004, the Company acquired 82% of the common stock of Heinrich
Industrie AG ("Heinrich") for Euro 39.5 million (approximately $47.1 million) in
cash and acquisition costs of approximately $1.8 million. Cash acquired as part
of the Heinrich acquisition was approximately $15.2 million. Subsequent to May
6, 2004, the Company purchased additional shares of Heinrich stock for
approximately $8.7 million, bringing the total ownership to 97.2% as of January
1, 2005. During 2005 the Company acquired the remaining outstanding shares for
approximately $3.7 million, bringing the total ownership to 100% as of December
31, 2005.

During 2006 the Company settled a lawsuit with certain minority shareholders.
The settlement brings to closure the amount of contingent consideration to be
paid subsequent to the original purchase price. The Company paid an additional
amount of $3.9 million in connection with this settlement. This settlement was
recorded as an increase to goodwill in 2006.

Heinrich is the holding company for the Wickmann Group of circuit protection
products, which has three business units: electronic, automotive and electrical.
The Company has operated Heinrich in such business units subsequent to the
acquisition. The Heinrich acquisition expands the Company's product offerings
and strengthens the Company's position in the circuit protection industry.

The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method and the operations
of Heinrich are included in the Company's operations from the date of
acquisition. The following table sets forth the purchase price allocation for
the acquisition of Heinrich in accordance with the purchase method of accounting
with adjustments to record the acquired assets and liabilities of Heinrich at
their estimated fair market or net realizable values.

Purchase price allocation (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Current assets                             $ 39,824
Property, plant and equipment                35,826
Patents, licenses and software                3,396
Distribution network                          5,135
Trademarks and tradenames                       788
Goodwill                                     19,380
Other assets                                  5,282
Current liabilities                         (30,778)
Purchase accounting liabilities             (11,460)
Other long-term liabilities                 (16,580)
Minority interest                            (1,602)
                                           --------
                                           $ 49,211
                                           --------
</TABLE>

All Heinrich goodwill and intangible assets are recorded in the European
segment. Trademarks and tradenames have an average estimated useful life of five
years. The distribution network has an average estimated useful life of nine
years. Patents and licenses have an average estimated useful life of four years.
Software has a useful life of three years. The weighted average estimated useful
life for intangible assets is approximately seven years.

Purchase accounting liabilities in connection with the Heinrich acquisition were
estimated to be $11.5 million and are primarily for redundancy costs to be paid
through 2007 related to manufacturing operations and selling, general and
administrative functions. The Company began formulating its plan to incur these
costs as of the acquisition date. Additions to the Heinrich purchase accounting
liability during 2005 relate to redundancy costs recognized after 100% ownership
was achieved.

A summary of purchase accounting liabilities activity is shown below (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Heinrich
                               --------
<S>                            <C>
Balance at May 6, 2004          $ 7,281
Additions                            --
Payments                            (85)
                                -------
Balance at January 1, 2005        7,196
Additions                         4,179
Payments                         (8,685)
                                -------
Balance at December 31, 2005      2,690
Additions                            --
Payments                         (2,690)
                                -------
Balance at December 30, 2006    $    --
                                -------
</TABLE>


                                                                              19

<PAGE>

Pro forma financial information is not presented due to amounts not being
materially different than actual results.

On February 3, 2006, the Company acquired SurgX Corporation ("SurgX") for $2.5
million. All of the assets of SurgX were classified as patents in the Americas
segment with an average useful life of seven years. The SurgX acquisition
expands the Company's product offering and strengthens the Company's position in
the circuit protection industry. SurgX is included in the Company's financial
statements since the date of acquisition. Pro forma financial information is not
presented due to amounts not being materially different than actual results.

On May 30, 2006, the Company acquired all of the common stock of Concord
Semiconductor ("Concord") for $23.8 million in cash, net of cash acquired of
$1.2 million, and acquisition costs of approximately $0.2 million. The Company
funded the acquisition with $14.0 million in cash and $10.0 million of
borrowings on an existing revolving line of credit.

Littelfuse has continued to operate Concord's electronics business subsequent to
the acquisition. The Concord acquisition expands the Company's product offering
and strengthens the Company's position in the circuit protection industry.

The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting and
the operations of Concord are included in the Company's operations from the date
of acquisition. The following table sets forth the purchase price allocation for
the acquisition of Concord in accordance with the purchase method of accounting
with adjustments to record the acquired assets and liabilities of Concord at
their estimated fair market or net realizable values.

Purchase price allocation (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Current assets                             $ 7,548
Property, plant and equipment                7,903
Patents and licenses                         4,477
Distribution network                         6,906
Goodwill                                     6,356
Current liabilities                         (2,975)
Deferred taxes                              (3,593)
Long-term debt                              (2,657)
                                           -------
                                           $23,965
                                           -------
</TABLE>

All Concord goodwill and intangible assets are recorded in the Asian segment.
Patents and licenses have an average estimated useful life of approximately four
years. The fair values are estimates and subject to revision as the Company
completes its fair value analysis. Pro forma financial information is not
presented due to amounts not being materially different than actual results.

On June 26, 2006, the Company acquired Catalina Performance Accessories, Inc.
("Catalina") for $4.5 million. The Company acquired $0.4 million of accounts
receivable, $0.5 million of inventory and a $3.6 million distribution network.
The distribution network was reported in the Americas segment with a useful life
of ten years. The Catalina acquisition expands the Company's product offering
and strengthens the Company's position in the circuit protection industry.
Catalina is included in the Company's financial statements since the date of
acquisition. Pro forma financial information is not presented due to amounts not
being materially different than actual results.

On August 1, 2006 the Company acquired the gas discharge tube (GDT) assets of
SRC Devices, Inc. ("SRC"), for $6.0 million in cash, subject to post-closing
purchase price adjustments. The Company acquired $0.3 million of inventory, $0.9
million of fixed assets, and $2.2 million of distribution network, with the
excess purchase price of $2.6 million recorded as goodwill. The distribution
network was reported in the Americas segment with a useful life of nine years.
The fair values are estimates and subject to revision as the Company completes
its fair value analysis. The SRC acquisition expands the Company's product
offering and strengthens the Company's position in the circuit protection
industry. SRC is included in the Company's financial statements since the date
of acquisition. Pro forma financial information is not presented due to amounts
not being materially different than actual results. The Company plans to move
production of the GDT product line from the SRC manufacturing facility in Mexico
to its existing operation in Suzhou, China.

On June 21, 2006, the Company announced that it had signed a definitive
agreement to acquire the assets of Song Long Electronics Co., Ltd. for $5.5
million. This acquisition is expected to close during the second quarter of
2007.

Goodwill for all of the above acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax
purposes.

3. Inventories

The components of inventories at December 30, 2006, and December 31, 2005 are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      2006      2005
                    -------   -------
<S>                 <C>       <C>
Raw materials       $15,043   $13,010
Work in process      15,838    18,996
Finished goods       35,080    31,417
                    -------   -------
Total inventories   $65,961   $63,423
                    -------   -------
</TABLE>


                                                                              20
<PAGE>

4. Intangible Assets

The Company recorded amortization expense of $3.1 million, $2.4 million and $2.3
million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The details of intangible assets
and future amortization expense of existing intangible assets at December 30,
2006, and December 31, 2005, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   As of December 30, 2006                 As of December 31, 2005
                            -------------------------------------   -------------------------------------
                              Weighted      Gross                     Weighted      Gross
                              Average     Carrying    Accumulated     Average     Carrying    Accumulated
                            Useful Life     Value    Amortization   Useful Life     Value    Amortization
                            -----------   --------   ------------   -----------   --------   ------------
<S>                         <C>           <C>        <C>            <C>           <C>        <C>
Patents and licenses            11.6       $33,898      $23,780         9.0        $27,193      $24,302
Distribution network            15.5        28,107       12,898        17.4         17,584       11,076
Trademarks and tradenames       18.4         5,663        4,342        14.7         10,210        4,867
                                           -------      -------                    -------      -------
Total                                      $67,668      $41,020                    $54,987      $40,245
</TABLE>

Estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets with definite lives
at December 30, 2006, is as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>          <C>
2007         $ 3,194
2008           3,419
2009           3,240
2010           3,122
2011           3,075
Thereafter    10,598
             -------
             $26,648
             =======
</TABLE>

The amounts for goodwill and changes in the carrying value by operating segment
are as follows at December 30, 2006, and December 31, 2005 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                   2006     Additions    Adjustments*      2005      Additions     Adjustments*     2004
                 -------    ---------    -----------     -------     ---------     -----------    -------
<S>              <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>            <C>
Americas         $40,810     $ 2,593      $    (407)     $38,624      $ 3,573       $   (407)     $35,458
Europe            20,190       3,360          1,085       15,745          606         (2,175)      17,314
Asia-Pacific       6,500       6,356             73           71           --           (377)         448
                 -------     -------      ---------      -------      -------       ---------     -------
Total goodwill   $67,500     $12,309      $     751      $54,440      $ 4,179       $ (2,959)     $53,220
                 =======     =======      =========      =======      =======       =========     =======
*Adjustments primarily reflect the impact of changes in exchange rates.
</TABLE>

5. Investments

Included in investments are shares of Polytronics Technology Corporation Ltd.
("Polytronics"), a Taiwanese company, which was acquired as part of the Heinrich
acquisition. The Company's shares held represent approximately 8.9% of total
Polytronics shares outstanding during 2006 and 2005. The fair value of this
investment is $4.8 million at December 30, 2006 and December 31, 2005. Included
in other comprehensive income (loss) is a cumulative loss of $0.6 million
related to a decrease in the fair market value of Polytronics. As part of other
comprehensive income, an unrealized loss of $0.5 million was recorded in 2006
and an unrealized gain of $1.0 million was recorded in 2005 related to
Polytronics. Subsequent to December 30, 2006, the fair value of the investment
exceeded the cost of the asset.

6. Discontinued Operations

In December 2005, the Company announced its plan to sell the Efen business that
consists of production and sales facilities in Uebigau and Eltville, Germany and
Kaposvar, Hungary. The Company obtained Efen as part of its acquisition of
Heinrich in May 2004. Results of operations for Efen have been reclassified and
presented as discontinued operations for 2006 and 2005. Efen is part of the
European segment for reporting purposes. Due to the Efen sale taking place in
February 2006, the results of Efen were no longer recorded in the Consolidated
Statements of Income after the first quarter of 2006.

Efen's operating results are summarized as follows for the periods ending
December 30, 2006, December 31, 2005 and January 1, 2005 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   2006      2005      2004
                                  ------   -------   -------
<S>                               <C>      <C>       <C>
Net sales                         $3,789   $32,988   $23,409
Income (loss) before taxes           773     1,773       (81)
Income taxes                         324       645       252
                                  ------   -------   -------
Net income (loss)                 $  449*  $ 1,128   $  (333)
                                  ======   =======   =======
</TABLE>


                                                                              21

<PAGE>

*    Additionally, for the period ended December 30, 2006, discontinued
     operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income includes a gain on the
     sale of assets of $139 (net of tax of $85).

Efen's significant balance sheet items are summarized as of December 30, 2006,
and December 31, 2005 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     2006    2005
                                     ----   ------
<S>                                  <C>    <C>
Accounts receivable, net             $ --   $2,867
Inventory                              --    5,780
Property, plant and equipment, net     --    5,577
Other assets                           --    1,084
Goodwill                               --    2,325
Current liabilities                    --    3,407
Long term liabilities                  --    3,315
</TABLE>

The Efen product line was sold for Euro 9.5 million (approximately $11.6
million). In connection with the sale, a pretax loss of approximately $0.0
million was recognized, resulting in an after tax gain of $0.1 million after
recognizing a tax benefit on the sale of $0.1 million.

7. Long-term Obligations

The carrying amounts of long-term debt at December 30, 2006, and December 31,
2005 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              2006      2005
                            -------   -------
<S>                         <C>       <C>
Revolving credit facility   $22,500   $21,000
Other obligations             3,613     5,682
                            -------   -------
                             26,113    26,682
Less: Current maturities     24,328    26,682
                            -------   -------
                            $ 1,785   $    --
                            -------   -------
</TABLE>

The Company has an unsecured domestic financing arrangement consisting of a
credit agreement with banks that provides a $75.0 million revolving credit
facility, with a potential increase of up to $125.0 million upon request of the
Company and agreement with the lenders, that expires on July 21, 2011. At
December 30, 2006, the Company had available $52.5 million of borrowing
capability under the revolving credit facility at an interest rate of LIBOR plus
0.50% (5.95% as of December 30, 2006). The Company also had $6.1 million and
$5.8 million in letters of credit outstanding at December 30, 2006, and December
31, 2005, respectively.

The Company has an unsecured bank line of credit in Japan that provides a Yen
0.9 billion (an equivalent of $7.6 million) revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of TIBOR plus 0.625% (1.12% as of December 30, 2006). The
revolving line of credit balance becomes due on July 21, 2011. At December 30,
2006, the Company had the equivalent of $1.3 million outstanding on the Yen
facility.

The Company has an unsecured bank line of credit that provides a Taiwanese
Dollar 35.0 million (equivalent to $1.1 million) revolving credit facility at an
interest rate of two-years Time Deposit plus 0.145% (2.3% as of December 30,
2006). The revolving line of credit becomes due on August 18, 2009. At December
30, 2006, the Company had the equivalent of $0.9 million outstanding on the
Taiwanese Dollar facility.

The Company has various other foreign fixed rate loans outstanding at December
30, 2006, totaling $1.4 million with maturity dates through August 2013.

The domestic bank credit agreement contains covenants that, among other matters,
impose limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, future mergers,
sales of assets, payment of dividends, and changes in control, as defined. In
addition, the Company is required to satisfy certain financial covenants and
tests relating to, among other matters, interest coverage, working capital,
leverage and net worth. At December 30, 2006, and for the year then ended, the
Company was in compliance with these covenants.

Aggregate maturities of long-term obligations at December 30, 2006, are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                   <C>
2007                  $24,328
2008                      567
2009                      448
2010                      210
2011                      210
2012 and thereafter       350
                      -------
                      $26,113
                      -------
</TABLE>


                                                                              22

<PAGE>

Interest paid on long-term debt approximated $1.6 million in 2006, $2.0 million
in 2005 and $1.7 million in 2004.

8. Coal Mining Liability

Included in other long-term liabilities is an accrued liability related to a
former coal mining operation at Heinrich for the amounts of $5.5 million and
$5.0 million in 2006 and 2005, respectively. The accrual, which is not
discounted, is based on an engineering study estimating the cost remediating the
dangers (such as a shaft collapse) of abandoned coal mine shafts in Germany.

9. Restructuring

During 2005 the Company announced a downsizing of the European segment's Ireland
operation and outsourcing of more of its varistor manufacturing to lower cost
Asian subcontractors. A liability of $4.9 million was recorded related to
redundancy costs for the manufacturing operation associated with this
downsizing. This restructuring impacts approximately 35 associates in various
production and support related roles. These costs were paid in 2005 and 2006. In
the second quarter of 2006, an additional $17.1 million, consisting of $20.0
million of accrued severance less a statutory rebate of $2.9 million recorded as
a current asset, was recorded as part of cost of sales related to the closure of
the entire facility. This restructuring is part of the Company's strategy to
expand operations in Asian in order to be closer to current and potential
customers and take advantage of lower manufacturing costs. This portion of the
restructuring impacts approximately 131 employees. Restructuring charges are
based upon each associate's current salary and length of service with the
Company. These costs will be paid through 2008.

<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>
Ireland restructuring (in thousands)
Balance at October 1, 2005             $ 4,900
Additions                                   --
Payments                                  (897)
                                       -------
Balance at December 31, 2005             4,003
Additions                               20,019
Payments                                (1,414)
                                       -------
Balance at December 30, 2006           $22,608
                                       =======
</TABLE>

During the first quarter of 2006, the Company recorded a $2.1 million charge
related to the downsizing of the European segment's Heinrich operations.
Manufacturing related charges of $0.9 million are recorded as part of cost of
sales and non-manufacturing related charges of $1.2 million are recorded as part
of selling, general and administrative expenses. During the second quarter of
2006 additional expense of $0.5 million was recognized primarily as part of
selling, general and administrative expenses. During the third quarter of 2006,
additional expense of $2.4 million was recorded. Manufacturing related charges
of $1.4 million are recorded as part of cost of sales and non-manufacturing
related charges of $1.0 million are recorded as part of selling, general and
administrative expenses. These charges are primarily for redundancy costs to be
paid through 2007. Employees affected by this downsizing include technical,
production, administrative and support employees. A summary of activity of this
liability is as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>
Heinrich restructuring (in thousands)
Balance at December 31, 2005            $   --
Additions                                4,995
Payments                                  (632)
                                        ------
Balance at December 30, 2006            $4,363
                                        ======
</TABLE>

During December 2006 the Company announced the closure of its America's
segment's Irving, Texas facility and the transfer of its semiconductor wafer
manufacturing from Irving, Texas to Wuxi, China in a phased transition from 2007
to 2010. A liability of $1.9 million was recorded related to redundancy costs
for the manufacturing operation associated with this downsizing. This charge was
recorded as part of cost of sales. The total cost expected to be incurred
through 2010 is $6.5 million. This restructuring impacts approximately 180
associates in various production and support related roles and will be paid over
the period 2007 to 2010. A summary of activity of this liability is as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                          <C>
Irving, Texas restructuring (in thousands)
Balance at December 31, 2005                 $   --
Additions                                     1,890
Payments                                         --
                                             ------
Balance at December 30, 2006                 $1,890
                                             ======
</TABLE>

10. Asset impairments

During 2006, the Company recorded a $4.4 million charge for the write-down of
Heinrich real estate and fixed assets. $2.7 million of this write-down was
recorded to reduce the carrying value of property located in Witten, Germany,
consisting primarily of land and buildings used for manufacturing and
administrative offices, as a result of entering into agreements to sell the
property. The sale was completed in the fourth quarter of 2006. The


                                       23
<PAGE>
remaining $1.7 million charge related to a reduction in the carrying value of
certain long-term assets located at the same facility to record them at fair
value in anticipation of their future sale. $0.8 million of this charge was
recorded within cost of sales and $3.6 million within part of selling, general
and administrative expenses in the European segment of the Company's financial
results.

11. Benefit Plans

The Company has a defined-benefit pension plan covering substantially all of its
North American employees. The amount of the retirement benefit is based on years
of service and final average pay. The plan also provides post-retirement medical
benefits to retirees and their spouses if the retiree has reached age 62 and has
provided at least ten years of service prior to retirement. Such benefits
generally cease once the retiree attains age 65. The Company also has defined
benefit pension plans covering employees in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Japan,
Taiwan and the Netherlands. The amount of these retirement benefits is based on
years of service and final average pay. Liabilities resulting from the plan that
covers employees in the Netherlands are settled annually through the purchase of
insurance contracts. Separate from the foreign pension data presented below, net
periodic expense for the plan covering Netherlands employees was $0.1 million,
$0.6 million and $0.2 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an Amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)". SFAS No. 158 requires the recognition
of the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan
as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded
status recorded through comprehensive income in the year in which those changes
occur. The Company adopted FAS158 on December 30, 2006. The following table is
required as part of adopting SFAS No. 158. See Note 1, Accounting Policies,
Recently Issued Accounting Standards.

Incremental effect of applying FASB Statement No. 158 on individual line items
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 30, 2006 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Before application      Total      After application
                                                 of Statement 158    adjustments   of Statement 158
                                                ------------------   -----------   -----------------
<S>                                             <C>                  <C>           <C>
Prepaid expenses and other current assets            $ 13,205          $(3,384)        $  9,821
Non-current deferred income taxes                       5,034            4,712            9,746
Total assets                                         $463,638          $ 1,328         $464,966
Accrued post-retirement benefits                       18,954            9,017           27,971
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)           7,678           (7,689)             (11)
Total shareholders' (deficit) equity                 $311,354          $(7,689)        $303,665
</TABLE>

The Company's contributions are made in amounts sufficient to satisfy legal
requirements and ensure funding to at least 90% of the ERISA Current Liability
amount. In 2007, the Company expects to make contributions to defined benefit
pension plans in the range of $3.0 million to $7.0 million.

Changes in actual return on pension plan assets are deferred and recognized over
a period of three years. The deferral of actual gains and losses affects the
calculated value of plan assets and therefore future pension expense.
Differences between total pension expense of $3.7 million, $4.8 million and $4.3
million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, were not material to the overall
financial performance of the Company. The decreases in pension expense in 2006
and 2005 were primarily due to currency gains and the impact of demographic
changes partially offset by a decrease in the discount rate. Benefit plan
related information, including Efen prior to the sale, is as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2006                             2005
                                                  ------------------------------   ------------------------------
                                                    U.S.     Foreign      Total      U.S.     Foreign      Total
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Change in benefit obligation
Benefit obligation at beginning of year           $ 66,425   $ 47,290   $113,715   $ 60,225   $ 45,611   $105,836
Service cost                                         3,192      1,124      4,316      3,259        818      4,077
Interest cost                                        3,799      2,043      5,842      3,664      1,971      5,635
Plan participants' contributions                        --        304        304         --        362        362
Curtailment gain                                        --       (980)      (980)        --         --         --
Net actuarial loss (gain)                           (1,821)      (156)    (1,977)     2,363      6,474      8,837
Benefits paid                                       (3,065)    (2,538)    (5,603)    (3,086)    (1,811)    (4,897)
Business acquisitions                                   --        625        625         --         --         --
Business divestitures                                   --     (1,530)    (1,530)        --         --         --
Effect of exchange rate movements                       --      5,067      5,067         --     (6,135)    (6,135)
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Benefit obligation at end of year                 $ 68,530   $ 51,249   $119,779   $ 66,425   $ 47,290   $113,715
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Change in plan assets at fair value
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year    $ 50,436   $ 28,787   $ 79,223   $ 47,795   $ 26,586   $ 74,381
Actual return on plan assets                         6,192      2,361      8,553      3,227      4,170      7,397
Employer contributions                               3,000      2,127      5,127      2,500      2,184      4,684
Plan participant contributions                          --        304        304         --        362        362
Benefits paid                                       (3,065)    (1,760)    (4,825)    (3,086)      (906)    (3,992)
Business acquisitions                                   --        326        326         --         --         --
Effect of exchange rate movements                       --      3,353      3,353         --     (3,609)    (3,609)
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
</TABLE>


                                                                              24

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                                                    <C>             <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
Fair value of plan assets at end of year               $ 56,563        $ 35,498    $ 92,061      $ 50,436    $ 28,787    $ 79,223
                                                       --------        --------    --------      --------    --------    --------
Unfunded status                                        $(11,967)       $(15,751)   $(27,718)     $(15,989)   $(18,503)   $(34,492)
Unrecognized prior service cost (benefit)                    --              --          --           105        (112)         (7)
Unrecognized transition asset                                --              --          --            --      (1,269)     (1,269)
Unrecognized net actuarial gain                              --              --          --         8,690       9,887      18,577
                                                       --------        --------    --------      --------    --------    --------
Net amount recognized                                  $(11,967)       $(15,751)   $(27,718)     $ (7,194)   $ (9,997)   $(17,191)
                                                       --------        --------    --------      --------    --------    --------
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated
   Balance Sheet consist of:
Prepaid benefit cost                                   $     --        $    253    $    253      $     --    $  1,554    $  1,554
Accrued benefit liability                               (11,967)        (16,004)    (27,971)       (7,194)    (13,366)    (20,560)
Accumulated other comprehensive
   loss (pre FAS158 adoption)                                --              --          --            --       1,815       1,815
                                                       --------        --------    --------      --------    --------    --------
Net (liability) recognized                             $(11,967)       $(15,751)   $(27,718)     $ (7,194)   $ (9,997)   $(17,191)
                                                       --------        --------    --------      --------    --------    --------
Accumulated other comprehensive
         loss, pre-tax (post FAS158 adoption)          $  4,943        $  7,892    $ 12,835           n/a         n/a         n/a
                                                       --------        --------    --------      --------    --------    --------
</TABLE>


Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, pre-tax consist of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            2006
                                 --------------------------
                                  U.S.    Foreign    Total
                                 ------   -------   -------
<S>                              <C>       <C>      <C>
Net actuarial loss               $4,943    $7,458   $12,401
Prior service cost                   --       434       434
                                 ------    ------   -------
Net amount recognized, pre-tax   $4,943    $7,892   $12,835
                                 ------    ------   -------
</TABLE>

The estimated net actuarial loss which will be amortized from accumulated other
comprehensive loss into benefit cost in 2007 is $0.2 million.

The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. defined benefits plans was $57.5
million and $55.4 million at December 30, 2006 and December 31, 2005,
respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the foreign plans was $45.6
million and $41.9 million at December 30, 2006 and December 31, 2005,
respectively (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       U.S.                        Foreign
                                           ---------------------------   ---------------------------
                                             2006      2005      2004      2006      2005      2004
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Service cost                               $ 3,192   $ 3,259   $ 2,759   $ 1,124   $ 1,210   $ 1,269
Interest cost                                3,799     3,664     3,498     2,043     1,971     1,877
Expected return on plan assets              (4,228)   (3,728)   (3,649)   (2,117)   (1,681)   (1,521)
Amortization of prior service cost              10        10        10       (13)      (13)      (13)
Amortization of transition asset                --        --        --      (113)     (112)      (90)
Amortization of losses                          57       409       158       308       173       206
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Total cost of the plan for the year          2,830     3,614     2,776     1,232     1,548     1,728
Expected plan participants' contribution        --        --        --        --      (392)     (203)
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Net periodic benefit cost                  $ 2,830   $ 3,614   $ 2,776   $ 1,232   $ 1,156   $ 1,525
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Curtailment gain                                --        --        --      (322)       --        --
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Total expense for the year                 $ 2,830   $ 3,614   $ 2,776   $   910   $ 1,156   $ 1,525
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
</TABLE>

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at year-end
2006, 2005 and 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          U.S.                           Foreign
                             ------------------------------   ------------------------------
                               2006       2005       2004       2006       2005       2004
                             --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                          <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Discount rate                     6.0%       6.0%       6.0%       4.5%       4.3%       4.8%
Compensation increase rate        4.5%       4.5%       4.5%       3.5%       3.2%       3.4%
Measurement dates            12/31/06   12/31/05   12/31/04   12/31/06   12/31/05   12/31/04
</TABLE>

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the
years 2006, 2005 and 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             U.S.                        Foreign
                                 ---------------------------   ---------------------------
                                   2006      2005      2004      2006      2005      2004
                                 -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Discount rate                        6.0%      6.0%      6.5%      4.2%      4.8%      5.5%
</TABLE>


                                                             25

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Expected return on plan assets       8.5%      8.5%      8.8%      6.7%      6.7%      6.7%
Compensation increase rate           4.5%      4.5%      4.5%      3.2%      3.2%      4.0%
Measurement dates                1/01/06   1/01/05   1/01/04   1/01/06   1/01/05   1/01/04
</TABLE>

Expected benefit payments to be paid to participants for the fiscal year ending
are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
              U.S.    Foreign
            -------   -------
<S>         <C>       <C>
2007        $ 2,947   $ 2,275
2008          3,109     2,073
2009          3,171     2,029
2010          3,278     3,746
2011          3,345     2,879
2012-2016    18,919    15,009
</TABLE>

Defined Benefit Plan Assets

Based upon analysis of the target asset allocation and historical returns by
type of investment, the Company has assumed that the expected long-term rate of
return will be 8.5% on domestic plan assets and 6.7% on foreign plan assets.
Assets are invested to maximize long-term return taking into consideration
timing of settlement of the retirement liabilities and liquidity needs for
benefits payments. U.S. defined benefit pension assets were invested as follows
and were not materially different from the target asset allocation:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         U.S. Asset Allocation
                                                        ------------------------
                                                            2006         2005
                                                        -----------   ----------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>
Equity securities                                            73%          73%
Debt securities                                              27%          27%
                                                            ---          ---
                                                            100%         100%
                                                            ===          ===
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Foreign Asset Allocation
                                                        ------------------------
                                                            2006         2005
                                                        -----------   ----------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>
Equity securities                                            39%          66%
Debt securities                                              54%          24%
Property                                                      7%           8%
Cash                                                          0%           2%
                                                            ---          ---
                                                            100%         100%
                                                            ===          ===
</TABLE>

Defined Contribution Plans

The Company also maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all U.S.
employees. The Company matches 50% of the employee's annual contributions for
the first 4% of the employee's gross wages. Employees vest in the Company
contributions after two years of service. Company matching contributions
amounted to $0.6 million, $0.6 million and $0.5 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. The Company provides additional retirement benefits for certain
key executives through its unfunded defined contribution Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan. The charge to expense for this plan amounted to $0.3 million,
$0.3 million and $0.7 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

12. Shareholders' Equity

Equity Plans: The Company has stock option plans authorizing the granting of
both incentive and nonqualified options and other stock rights of up to
5,925,000 shares of common stock to employees and directors. The stock options
granted prior to 2002 vest over a five-year period and are exercisable over a
ten-year period commencing from the date of vesting. The stock options granted
in 2002 through February, 2005 vest over a five-year period and are exercisable
over a ten-year period commencing from the date of the grant. Stock options
granted after February, 2005 vest over a four-year period and are exercisable
over a ten-year period commencing from the date of the grant. The Company also
has a performance share agreement in which a target amount of performance share
awards are granted based on the Company attaining certain financial performance
goals relating to return on net tangible assets and earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization over a three-year performance period. The
performance-based restricted stock awards vest in thirds over a three-year
period (following the three-year performance period), and are paid annually as
they vest, one half in the Company's common stock and one half in cash. The fair
value of the performance-based restricted stock awards that are paid in common
stock is measured at the market price on the grant date, and the fair value of
the portion paid in cash is measured at the current market price of a share.



                                                                              26
<PAGE>


The following table provides a reconciliation of outstanding stock options for
the twelve month period ending December 30, 2006.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Weighted
                                                         Average
                                            Weighted    Remaining      Aggregate
                                  Shares     Average   Contractual     Intrinsic
                                  Under     Exercise       Life          Value
                                  Option      Price      (Years)     ($thousands)
                                ---------   --------   -----------   ------------
<S>                             <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>
Outstanding December 31, 2005   1,820,010    $27.82
Granted                           392,750     34.06
Exercised                        (193,487)    22.25
Forfeited                         (36,103)    31.33
                                ---------    ------
Outstanding December 30, 2006   1,983,170    $29.54        6.9          $8,155
Exercisable December 30, 2006     988,420    $27.57        6.2          $5,771
</TABLE>

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2006, 2005, and 2004 was
$2.1 million, $1.4 million, and $10.9 million, respectively.

The following table provides a reconciliation of nonvested performance share
awards (including only awards to be paid in the Company's common stock) for the
twelve month period ending December 30, 2006.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Weighted
                                         Average
                                       Grant-Date
                              Shares   Fair Value
                              ------   ----------
<S>                           <C>      <C>
Nonvested December 31, 2005   45,500     $27.95
Granted                       13,000      34.33
Vested                            --         --
Forfeited                         --         --
Nonvested December 30, 2006   58,500     $29.37
</TABLE>

The Company recognizes compensation cost of all share-based awards as an expense
on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards. At December 30,
2006, the unrecognized compensation cost for options and performance shares was
$13.3 million before tax, and will be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 3.1 years. The following table shows total stock-based compensation expense
included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated
Statements of Income during 2006. No such compensation expense was recognized
during 2005 and 2004.

                    (in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          2006
                                        -------
<S>                                     <C>
Pre-tax stock based compensation        $ 5,187
Income tax                               (1,889)
                                        -------
Stock-based compensation expense, net   $ 3,298
Basic earnings per share impact         $  0.15
Diluted earnings per share impact       $  0.15
</TABLE>

The Company used the Black-Scholes option valuation model to determine the fair
value of awards granted during 2006, 2005, and 2004. The weighted average fair
value of and related assumptions for options granted were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    2006       2005      2004
                                                 ---------   -------   -------
<S>                                              <C>         <C>       <C>
Weighted average fair value of options granted
   at fair value of underlying stock              $13.90     $13.63    $19.87
Assumptions:
   Risk-free interest rate                          4.89%      4.27%     4.14%
   Expected dividend yield                             0%         0%        0%
   Expected stock price volatility                  39.0%      39.4%     44.0%
   Expected life of options                      4.8 years   7 years   7 years
</TABLE>


                                                                              27

<PAGE>

Expected volatilities are based on both historical volatility of the company's
stock price and implied volatility of exchange-traded options on the company's
stock. The expected life of options is based on historical data from for options
granted by the company. The risk-free rates are based on yields available at the
time of grant on U.S. Treasury bonds with maturities consistent with the
expected life assumption.

Notes Receivable From Officers - Common Stock: In 1995, the Company established
the Executive Loan Program under which certain management employees could then
obtain interest-free loans from the Company to facilitate their exercise of
stock options and payment of the related income tax liabilities. Such loans,
limited to 90% of the exercise price plus related tax liabilities, have a
five-year maturity, subject to acceleration for termination of employment or
death of the employee. Such loans are classified as a reduction of shareholders'
equity. The Company changed its policy in 2002 such that management employees
may no longer obtain such loans.

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): At the end of the year the
components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          December 30,   December 31,
                                              2006           2005
                                          ------------   ------------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>
Minimum pension liability adjustment*       $  (269)       $(1,815)
Adoption of FAS158**                         (7,689)            --
Loss on investments***                         (563)           (96)
Foreign currency translation adjustment       8,510           (515)
                                            -------        -------
   Total                                    $   (11)       $(2,426)
                                            =======        =======
</TABLE>

*    net of tax of $165 and $1,112 for 2006 and 2005, respectively.

**   net of tax of $4,712 for 2006.

***  net of tax of $345 and $59 for 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Preferred Stock: The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to
time of preferred stock in one or more series with such designations,
preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions, and optional or other
special rights as the Board may fix by resolution.

13. Income Taxes

Domestic and foreign earnings from continuing operations before minority
interest and income taxes is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 2006      2005      2004
                                               -------   -------   -------
<S>                                            <C>       <C>       <C>
Domestic                                       $ 2,655   $ 1,484   $28,115
Foreign                                         26,751    26,452    27,366
                                               -------   -------   -------
Earnings from continuing operations
   before minority interest and income taxes   $29,406   $27,936   $55,481
                                               =======   =======   =======
</TABLE>

Federal, state, and foreign income tax expense (benefit) consists of the
following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               2006       2005      2004
                             --------   -------   -------
<S>                          <C>        <C>       <C>
Current:
   Federal                   $ 12,925   $ 2,735   $ 6,402
   State                          508        41     1,196
   Foreign                      5,689    10,228     8,098
                             --------   -------   -------
Subtotal                       19,122    13,004    15,696
Deferred:
Federal and state             (11,342)    1,956     3,087
Foreign                        (1,610)   (3,520)      194
                             --------   -------   -------
Subtotal                      (12,952)   (1,564)    3,281
                             --------   -------   -------
Provision for income taxes   $  6,170   $11,440   $18,977
                             ========   =======   =======
</TABLE>

A reconciliation between income taxes computed on income before income taxes at
the federal statutory rate and the provision for income taxes is provided below
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2006      2005      2004
                                                       -------   -------   -------
<S>                                                    <C>       <C>       <C>
Tax expense at statutory rate of 35%                   $10,292   $ 9,785   $19,050
State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit           45        27       777
Foreign income tax rate differential                    (1,374)      (47)   (1,846)
Foreign losses for which no tax benefit is available       203     1,446       759
Valuation allowance                                         --      (753)      753
Tax on unremitted earnings                                (276)      790        91
Utilization of operating loss carryforward              (1,780)       --        --
Other, net                                                (940)      192      (607)
                                                       -------   -------   -------
Provision for income taxes                             $ 6,170   $11,440   $18,977
                                                       =======   =======   =======
</TABLE>


                                                                              28

<PAGE>

Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effects of temporary differences
between the financial reporting bases and the tax bases of the Company's assets
and liabilities. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and
liabilities at December 30, 2006, and December 31, 2005, are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        2006      2005
                                                      -------   -------
<S>                                                   <C>       <C>
Deferred tax assets:
Accrued expenses                                       18,686    12,097
Foreign tax credit carryforwards                          769     4,574
AMT credit carryforwards                                1,321     1,318
Accrued Ireland restructuring                           7,414       571
Net operating loss carryforwards                        8,211     2,100
                                                      -------   -------
Gross deferred tax assets                              36,401    20,660
Less: Valuation allowance                                (708)     (766)
Total deferred tax assets                              35,693    19,894
                                                      -------   -------
Deferred tax liabilities:
Tax depreciation and amortization in excess of book   $ 8,636   $ 8,100
Foreign                                                 4,370       407
Other                                                     559     1,339
                                                      -------   -------
Total deferred tax liabilities                         13,565     9,846
                                                      -------   -------
Net deferred tax assets                               $22,128   $10,048
                                                      -------   -------
</TABLE>

The deferred tax asset valuation allowance is related to deferred tax assets
from foreign net operating losses. The remaining domestic and foreign net
operating losses either have no expiration date or are expected to be utilized
prior to expiration. A domestic net operating loss benefit of $1.8 million was
recorded during the year relating to net operating losses from an acquired group
of companies. A benefit of approximately $1.4 million was booked due to a change
in German tax legislation which will allow for a German tax credit over the next
10 years. The foreign tax credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2015. The
Company paid income taxes of approximately $10.0 million, $9.5 million and $11.2
million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. U.S. income taxes were not
provided for on a cumulative total of approximately $23.0 million of
undistributed earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries as of December 30,
2006, and accordingly, no deferred tax liability has been established relative
to these earnings. The determination of the deferred tax liability associated
with the distribution of these earnings is not practicable.

14. Business Segment Information

The Company designs, manufactures and sells circuit protection devices
throughout the world. The Company's reportable segments are consistent with how
it currently manages the business. The Company has three reportable geographic
segments: the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The segments are defined as
components of the company about which financial information is available and
evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making
group, in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in
assessing performance of the segment. The circuit protection market in these
geographical segments is categorized into three major product areas: electronic,
automotive and electrical. The Company evaluates the performance of each
geographic segment based on its net income or loss. The Company also accounts
for intersegment sales as if the sales were to third parties.

The Company's reportable segments are the business units where the revenue is
earned and expenses are incurred. The Company has subsidiaries in the Americas,
Europe and Asia-Pacific where each region is measured based on its net sales and
earnings (loss) from continuing operations.

Information concerning the operations in these geographic segments for the
fiscal years ended 2006, 2005 and 2004 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Asia-    Combined   Eliminations/   Consolidated
                               Americas*    Europe     Pacific     Total     Adjustments        Total
                               ---------   --------   --------   --------   -------------   ------------
<S>                     <C>    <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>             <C>
Net sales               2006    $213,564   $112,193   $209,102   $534,859    $      --        $534,859
                        2005     195,974    114,943    156,172    467,089           --         467,089
                        2004     234,835    105,728    136,270    476,833           --         476,833

Intersegment revenues   2006     200,390     75,180    115,051    390,621     (390,621)             --
</TABLE>


                                                                              29

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                     <C>    <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>             <C>
                        2005     159,036     66,256     70,370    295,662     (295,662)             --
                        2004     137,611     58,376     28,718    224,705     (224,705)             --

Interest expense        2006       1,556         (3)        73      1,626           --           1,626
                        2005       1,978         74         46      2,098           --           2,098
                        2004       1,668       (191)       (2)      1,475           --           1,475

Depreciation and        2006      15,690     11,047      6,128     32,865           --          32,865
amortization            2005      17,648     10,676      2,792     31,116           --          31,116
                        2004      16,749      8,134      1,312     26,195           --          26,195

Other expense           2006     (1,520)        441    (1,095)    (2,174)           --         (2,174)
(income), net           2005     (1,530)     (1,068)     (470)    (3,068)           --         (3,068)
                        2004     (2,106)      1,424        729         47           --              47

Income taxes            2006       2,258     (1,285)     5,197      6,170           --           6,170
                        2005       6,031      1,882      3,527     11,440           --          11,440
                        2004      11,589      2,839      4,549     18,977           --          18,977

Earnings (loss) from    2006      17,425    (17,490)    23,301     23,236           --          23,236
continuing operations   2005       4,193     (5,484)    17,873     16,582           --          16,582
                        2004      21,157       (439)    15,643     36,361           --          36,361

Net income (loss)       2006      17,425    (16,902)    23,301     23,824           --          23,824
                        2005       4,193     (4,356)    17,873     17,710           --          17,710
                        2004      21,157       (772)    15,643     36,028           --          36,028

Identifiable assets     2006     227,322    159,639    148,526    535,487     (169,900)        365,587
                        2005     248,651    146,907     90,233    485,791     (156,632)        329,159
                        2004     279,717    144,176     62,542    486,435     (137,108)        349,327

Capital expenditures    2006      13,953      2,800      2,860     19,613           --          19,613
                        2005      20,371      3,127      3,741     27,239           --          27,239
                        2004      15,766      2,908      3,405     22,079           --          22,079
</TABLE>

*    Corporate is included in the Americas. This was reported separately in
     amounts previously presented.

The Company's revenues by product areas for the years ended December 30, 2006,
December 31, 2005 and January 1, 2005, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Revenues               2006       2005       2004
- --------             --------   --------   --------
<S>                  <C>        <C>        <C>
Electronic           $365,418   $305,870   $325,617
Automotive            123,620    118,595    113,690
Electrical             45,821     42,624     37,526
                     --------   --------   --------
Consolidated total   $534,859   $467,089   $476,833
                     ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

Export sales to Hong Kong were 16.1% 13.7% and 10.6% for 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. No other foreign country sales exceeded 10% for 2006, 2005 or
2004. Sales to Arrow Pemco Group were 10.6% in 2006 and were derived 44.6%,
25.1% and 30.3% from the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific segments,
respectively. Sales to Arrow Pemco were less than 10% in 2005 and 2004. No other
single customer amounted to 10% or more of the Company's total revenues for
2006, 2005 or 2004.

15. Lease Commitments

The Company leases certain office and warehouse space as well as certain
machinery and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense
under these leases was approximately $5.3 million in 2006, $5.5 million in 2005
and $4.4 million in 2004. Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the leases. The difference between straight-line basis rent and
the amount paid has been recorded as accrued lease obligations. The Company also
has leases that have lease renewal provisions. As of December 30, 2006, all
operating leases outstanding were with third parties.

Future minimum payments for all non-cancelable operating leases with initial
terms of one year or more at December 30, 2006, are as follows (in thousands):


                                                                              30

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                       <C>
2007                      $ 4,553
2008                        2,803
2009                        1,931
2010                        1,630
2011                        1,554
2012 and thereafter         4,133
                          -------
Total lease commitments   $16,604
                          =======
</TABLE>

The Company did not have any capital leases as of December 30, 2006.

16. Earnings per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except
per share amounts)                 2006      2005      2004
- ---------------------            -------   -------   -------
<S>                              <C>       <C>       <C>
Numerator:
   Net income                    $23,824   $17,710   $36,028
                                 -------   -------   -------
Denominator:
   Denominator for basic
   earnings per share -
   Weighted-average shares        22,305    22,413    22,239
Effect of dilutive securities:
Employee stock options               129       169       365
                                 -------   -------   -------
Denominator for diluted
   earnings per share -
   Adjusted weighted-
      average shares and
      assumed conversions         22,434    22,582    22,604
Basic earnings per share         $  1.07   $  0.79   $  1.62
                                 -------   -------   -------
Diluted earnings per share       $  1.06   $  0.78   $  1.59
                                 =======   =======   =======
</TABLE>

The following potential shares of common stock were excluded from the EPS
calculation because their effect would be anti-dilutive.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       2006       2005      2004
                    ---------   -------   -------
<S>                 <C>         <C>       <C>
Stock Options       1,121,293   712,153   362,500
Restricted Shares          --        --        --
                    ---------   -------   -------
Total               1,121,293   712,153   362,500
</TABLE>

Selected Financial Data
(in thousands, except per share data)

Five-Year Summary

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             2006*      2005*     2004*     2003**      2002
                                           --------   --------   -------   --------   --------
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>
Net sales                                  $534,859   $467,089   476,833   $339,410   $283,267
Gross profit                                161,263    144,552   173,797    104,426     88,623
Operating income                             28,858     26,966    57,003     26,081     15,931
Earnings from continuing operations          23,236     16,582    36,361     15,339      9,620
Net income                                   23,824     17,710    36,028     15,339      9,620
Per share of common stock:
   Net income from continuing operations
      - Basic                                  1.04       0.74      1.64       0.70       0.44
      - Diluted                                1.03       0.73      1.61       0.70       0.44
</TABLE>


                                                                              31

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>
Cash and cash equivalents                    56,704     21,947    28,583     22,128     27,750
Total assets                                464,966    403,931   425,769    311,570    277,478
Long-term debt                                1,785         --     1,364     10,201     20,252
</TABLE>

*    Results include Heinrich. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
     Statements for more information. Results reflect Efen as a discontinued
     operation.

**   Results include Teccor. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
     Statements for more information.

Quarterly Results of Operations (unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            2006*                                       2005*
                          -----------------------------------------   -----------------------------------------
                             4Q        3Q         2Q**        1Q         4Q         3Q         2Q         1Q
                          --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales                 $127,836   $143,471   $137,941   $125,611   $115,373   $122,266   $115,693   $113,757
Gross profit                38,089     47,085     31,289     44,800     37,905     34,309     35,117     37,221
Operating income (loss)      5,398     12,368     (2,691)    13,783      9,114      4,103      6,899      6,850
Net income                   4,644      9,360        449      9,371      5,243      3,771      4,257      4,439
Net income per share:
   Basic                      0.21       0.42       0.02       0.42       0.23       0.17       0.19       0.20
   Diluted                    0.21       0.42       0.02       0.42       0.23       0.17       0.19       0.20
</TABLE>

*    Results reflect Efen as a discontinued operation.

**   In the second quarter of 2006, the Company recorded a $17.1 million net
     restructuring charge (after a $2.9 million statutory rebate) related to the
     closure of its Ireland facility.

Quarterly Stock Prices

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       2006                            2005
                          -----------------------------   -----------------------------
                            4Q      3Q      2Q      1Q      4Q      3Q      2Q      1Q
                          -----   -----   -----   -----   -----   -----   -----   -----
<S>                       <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>
High                      36.66   38.00   37.42   36.65   28.85   30.97   31.16   33.59
Low                       28.14   26.95   30.60   26.42   21.44   26.12   26.35   27.95
Close                     31.88   34.70   34.38   34.13   27.25   28.13   27.82   28.23
</TABLE>


                                                                              32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c12654exv21w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 21.1

                                  SUBSIDIARIES

Littelfuse, S.A. de C.V.
Littelfuse do Brasil Ltda.
Littelfuse da Amazonia, Ltda.
SurgX Corporation
Teccor Electronics, Inc.
Teccor Delaware, Inc.
Littelfuse GP, Inc.
Littelfuse I L.P.
Teccor Electronics Mexico Holdings LLC
Teccor de Mexico S.A. de. R.L. de C.V.
Zie San Investment, Inc.
Littelfuse Ireland Holding Ltd.
Littelfuse Ireland Limited
Littelfuse Ireland Development Co., Ltd.
Littelfuse U.K. Ltd.
Littelfuse, B.V.
Littelfuse Europe Holding, B.V.
Rempat Holding B.V.
Rempat Financial B.V.
Littelfuse Holding GmbH
Littelfuse GmbH
Heinrich Industrie GmbH
H.I. Verwaltungs GmbH
Wickmann Group, GmbH
H.I. Immobilien Management GmbH
Wickmann-Werke GmbH
Wilhelm PUDENZ GmbH
Littelfuse Far East Pte Ltd.
Littelfuse HK Limited
Suzhou Littelfuse OVS Ltd.
Littelfuse KK
Littelfuse Triad, Inc.
Littelfuse Phils, Inc.
Littelfuse S&L, Inc.
Dongguan Wickmann Electrical Products Co.
Wickmann Asia Ltd.
Littelfuse Concord Semiconductor, Inc.
Cameo Device Corporation
Concord Holding (BVI) Co., Ltd.
Concord Semiconductor (Wuxi) Company

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>c12654exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUTNING FIRM
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
of Littelfuse, Inc. of our reports dated February 23, 2007, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements of Littelfuse, Inc., Littelfuse, Inc.
management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of
Littelfuse, Inc., included in the 2006 Annual Report to Stockholders of
Littelfuse, Inc.

Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of Littelfuse, Inc.
listed in Item 15(a). This schedule is the responsibility of Littelfuse, Inc.'s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In
our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered
in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly
in all material respects the information set forth therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-64285,333-134699, 333-134700) of Littelfuse, Inc. of
our reports dated February 23, 2007, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements of Littelfuse, Inc., Littelfuse, Inc. management's assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Littelfuse, Inc.,
incorporated herein by reference and our report included in the preceding
paragraph with respect to the financial statement schedule in this Annual Report
(Form 10-K) of Littelfuse, Inc.


/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois
February 23, 2007
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>c12654exv31w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1

                            SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

I, Gordon Hunter, certify that:

     1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse Inc.;

     2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
          statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
          necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
          under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
          the period covered by this report;

     3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
          information included in this report, fairly present in all material
          respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
          of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
          report;

     4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
          establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
          defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e))and internal control over
          forward reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
          15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:

               (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
               such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
               supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
               registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
               known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
               the period in which this report is being prepared;

               (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
               caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
               designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
               regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
               preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
               accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

               (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
               controls procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
               about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
               procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
               based on such evaluation; and

               (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
               the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
               fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
               materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
               affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
               reporting; and

     5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
          on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
          reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
          registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
          functions):

               (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
               design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
               which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
               ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
               information; and

               (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
               or other employees who have a significant role in the
               registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: February 27, 2007


                                        /s/ Gordon Hunter
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Gordon Hunter
                                        Chairman, President & CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>c12654exv31w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2

                            SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

I, Philip G. Franklin, certify that:

     1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Littelfuse Inc.;

     2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
          statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
          necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
          under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
          the period covered by this report;

     3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
          information included in this report, fairly present in all material
          respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
          of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
          report;

     4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
          establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
          defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e))and internal control over
          forward reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
          15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:

               (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
               such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
               supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
               registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
               known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
               the period in which this report is being prepared;

               (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
               caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
               designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
               regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
               preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
               accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

               (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
               controls and procedures and presented in this report our
               conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
               and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
               report based on such evaluation; and

               (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
               the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (registrant's fourth
               fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
               materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
               affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
               reporting; and

     5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
          on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
          reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
          registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
          functions):

               (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
               design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
               which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
               ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
               information; and

               (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
               or other employees who have a significant role in the
               registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: February 27, 2007


                                        /s/ Philip G. Franklin
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Philip G. Franklin
                                        Vice President, Operations Support & CFO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>c12654exv32w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 32.1

                                Littelfuse, Inc.

    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
                             18 U.S.C. Section 1350

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and
(b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the
undersigned officers of Littelfuse, Inc. ("the Company") does hereby certify
that to his knowledge:

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 30, 2006 of the
Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.


/s/ GORDON HUNTER                       /s/ PHILIP FRANKLIN
- -------------------------------------   ----------------------------------------
Chairman, President and                 Vice President, Operations Support and
Chief Executive Officer                 Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
