-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VUsEmixiJ+J1pLPvR8TqPl4fSQxNAKxjMwa6dFB6aWF1wak2FM/Uwi680yGuFe9a
 /Wzex4ZpyRxKPcW4+Gkiig==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001269678-09-000064.txt : 20090331
<SEC-HEADER>0001269678-09-000064.hdr.sgml : 20090331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20090331144359
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001269678-09-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20081231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20090331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20090331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PI SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888719
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				411559888
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53263
		FILM NUMBER:		09718030

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5353 MANHATTAN CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80303
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-499-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5353 MANHATTAN CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHYSICIANS INSURANCE SERVICES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PI SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHYSICIANS INSURANCE SERVICES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920615
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pi10k123108.txt
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008

                                       OR
[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934
            For the transition period from ___________ to ___________

                        Commission file number: 000-53263

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

        Nevada                                                    41-1559888
- -------------------------------                              -------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)

                        5353 Manhattan Circle, Suite 101
                             Boulder, Colorado 80303

                    (Address of Principal Executive Offices)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (303) 499-6000

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasonal issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes |_| No |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.

        Large Accelerated     |_|     Non-accelerated Filer         |_|
        Accelerated Filer     |_|     Smaller Reporting Company     |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes |X| No |_|



                                     1 of 36
<PAGE>

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes |_|No |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days: Yes |X| No |_|

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein , and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of the Form 10-K or any amendment to the
Form 10-K |_|

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliate computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was
last sold on the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the
last business day of the registrant's most recently completed fiscal quarter:
There is no quoted market for registrant's common stock.

Shares outstanding as of March 20, 2009 was approximately 2,217,480 shares of
common stock, $.001 par value, adjusted for a reverse split effective March 20,
2009.

                    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None













                                     2 of 36
<PAGE>

PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

PI Services, Inc., (the "registrant" or "Company") was incorporated under the
laws of the State of Minnesota on July 7, 1986 as Sweet Little Deal, Inc. The
Company was formed to invest in and develop recreational real estate, and to
invest in other businesses, particularly medical technology. On October 10,
1991, the Company changed its name to Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd., and
on January 12, 2009 it changed its name to PI Services, Inc.

On August 1, 2007, the board members appointed new directors, Michael Friess and
Chloe DiVita, and then resigned as officers and directors of the Company. The
Board then appointed Michael Friess as President and CEO of the Company and
Chloe DiVita as Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
The new board members appointed Sanford Schwartz to the board as a Director.

The Company has opted to become a "blank check" company and to further engage in
any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected
mergers and acquisitions.

On September 30, 2007, the Company issued 540,000 shares of its common stock to
two individuals, (Sanford Schwartz and Michael Friess), for a $6,116 cash
payment. Additionally, the Company agreed to issue additional shares to these
two individuals resulting in 80% control of the Company for an additional cash
payment following the proposed increase in the Company's authorized capital. The
two individuals were issued 1,233,984 shares on January 31, 2009 to settle the
agreement.

The Company held a shareholder meeting on July 23, 2008 to approve a
reincorporation of the Company in the State of Nevada and amend the Articles of
Incorporation to (i) change the Company's name from Physicians Insurance
Services, Ltd. to PI Services, Inc. and (ii) increase the authorized capital
stock of the Company to 780,000,000 shares of common stock and to create a class
of 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

On January 12, 2009 the Company completed the migratory merger to Nevada and
adopted the new capital structure approved in the shareholder meeting. The
Company completed the 1 for 5 reverse split of its common stock effective March
20, 2009.

Since November 2001, the Company has had insignificant operations. As such, the
Company may presently be defined as a "shell" company, whose sole purpose at
this time is to locate and consummate a merger or acquisition with a private
entity.

The Company has registered its common stock pursuant to section 12(g) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in an effort to maximize shareholder value. The
best use and primary attraction of the Company as a merger partner or
acquisition vehicle will be its status as a reporting public company. Any
business combination or transaction may potentially result in a significant
issuance of shares and substantial dilution to present stockholders of the
Company.

The proposed business activities described herein classify the Company as a
"blank check" company. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations
limiting the sale of securities of "blank check" companies in their respective


                                     3 of 36
<PAGE>


jurisdictions. Management does not intend to undertake any offering of the
Company's securities, either debt or equity, until such time as the Company has
successfully implemented its business plan described herein.

The Company maintains headquarters at the office of its President. The Company's
website is www.physiciansinsuranceservicesinc.com. The Company is not required
to deliver an annual report to security holders and at this time does not
anticipate the distribution of such a report. The Company will file reports with
the SEC.

The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC in the
SEC's Public Reference Section, Room 1580, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public
Reference Section by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC
maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy, and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov.

GENERAL BUSINESS PLAN

At this time, the Company's purpose is to seek, investigate and, if such
investigation warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented
to it by persons or firms who or which desire to seek the perceived advantages
of an Exchange Act registered corporation. The Company will not restrict its
search to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and the
Company may participate in a business venture of virtually any kind or nature.
This discussion of the proposed business is intentionally general and is not
meant to be restrictive of the Company's virtually unlimited discretion to
search for and enter into potential business opportunities. Management
anticipates that it may be able to participate in only one potential business
venture because the Company has nominal assets and limited financial resources.
See "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS." This lack of diversification should be considered a
substantial risk to shareholders of the Company because it will not permit the
Company to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another.

The Company may seek a business opportunity with entities which have recently
commenced operations, or which wish to utilize the public marketplace in order
to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to
develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes. The Company
may acquire assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses
or acquire existing businesses as subsidiaries.

The Company anticipates that the selection of a business opportunity in which to
participate will be complex and extremely risky. Due to general economic
conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and
shortages of available capital, management believes that there are numerous
firms seeking the perceived benefits of a publicly registered corporation. Such
perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which
additional equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive
stock options or similar benefits to key employees, providing liquidity (subject
to restrictions of applicable statutes), for all shareholders and other factors.
Potentially, available business opportunities may occur in many different
industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task
of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
extremely difficult and complex.

The Company has, and will continue to have, little or no capital with which to
provide the owners of business opportunities with any significant cash or other
assets. However, management believes the Company will be able to offer owners of
acquisition candidates the opportunity to acquire a controlling ownership
interest in a publicly registered company without incurring the cost and time
required to conduct an initial public offering. The owners of the business


                                     4 of 36
<PAGE>


opportunities will, however, incur significant legal and accounting costs in
connection with the acquisition of a business opportunity, including the costs
of preparing Form 8-K's, 10-K's or 10-Q's, agreements and related reports and
documents. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"),
specifically requires that any merger or acquisition candidate comply with all
applicable reporting requirements, which include providing audited financial
statements to be included within the numerous filings relevant to complying with
the Exchange Act. Nevertheless, the officers and directors of the Company have
not conducted market research and are not aware of statistical data which would
support the perceived benefits of a merger or acquisition transaction for the
owners of a business opportunity.

The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the
supervision of, the officers and directors of the Company. Management intends to
concentrate on identifying preliminary prospective business opportunities, which
may be brought to its attention through present associations of the Company's
officers and directors. In analyzing prospective business opportunities,
management will consider such matters as the available technical, financial and
managerial resources; working capital and other financial requirements; history
of operations, if any; prospects for the future; nature of present and expected
competition; the quality and experience of management services which may be
available and the depth of that management; the potential for further research,
development, or exploration; specific risk factors not now foreseeable but which
then may be anticipated to impact the proposed activities of the Company; the
potential for growth or expansion; the potential for profit; the perceived
public recognition of acceptance of products, services, or trades; name
identification; and other relevant factors. The Company will not acquire or
merge with any company for which audited financial statements cannot be obtained
prior to the closing of the proposed transaction.

The Officers of the Company have limited experience in managing companies
similar to the Company and shall rely upon their own efforts, in accomplishing
the business purposes of the Company. The Company may from time to time utilize
outside consultants or advisors to effectuate its business purposes described
herein. No policies have been adopted regarding use of such consultants or
advisors, the criteria to be used in selecting such consultants or advisors, the
services to be provided, the term of service, or regarding the total amount of
fees that may be paid. However, because of the limited resources of the Company,
it is likely that any such fee the Company agrees to pay would be paid in stock
and not in cash.

The Company will not restrict its search for any specific kind of firms, but may
acquire a venture which is in its preliminary or development stage, which is
already in operation, or in essentially any stage of its corporate life. It is
impossible to predict at this time the status of any business in which the
Company may become engaged, in that such business may need to seek additional
capital, may desire to have its shares publicly traded, or may seek other
perceived advantages which the Company may offer. However, the Company does not
intend to obtain funds in one or more private placements to finance the
operation of any acquired business opportunity until such time as the Company
has successfully consummated such a merger or acquisition.

It is anticipated that the Company will incur nominal expenses in the
implementation of its business plan described herein. The Company has limited
capital with which to pay these anticipated expenses.

In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition, the Company
may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or
licensing agreement with another corporation or entity. It may also acquire
stock or assets of an existing business. On the consummation of a transaction,
it is probable that the present management and shareholders of the Company will
no longer be in control of the Company. In addition, the Company's directors
may, as part of the terms of the acquisition transaction, resign and be replaced
by new directors without a vote of the Company's shareholders or may sell their


                                     5 of 36
<PAGE>


stock in the Company. Any and all such sales will only be made in compliance
with the securities laws of the United States and any applicable state.

It is anticipated that any securities issued in any such reorganization would be
issued in reliance upon exemption from registration under applicable federal and
state securities laws. In some circumstances, however, as a negotiated element
of its transaction, the Company may agree to register all or a part of such
securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified
times thereafter. If such registration occurs, of which there can be no
assurance, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after the Company has
successfully consummated a merger or acquisition and the Company is no longer
considered a "shell" company. The issuance of substantial additional securities
and their potential sale into any trading market which may develop in the
Company's securities may have a depressive effect on the value of the Company's
securities in the future, if such a market develops, of which there is no
assurance.

The Company will remain an insignificant participant among the firms which
engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many established
venture capital and financial concerns which have significantly greater
financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than the Company. In
view of the Company's extremely limited financial resources and limited
management availability, the Company will continue to be at a significant
competitive disadvantage compared to the Company's competitors.

ACQUISITION OPPORTUNITIES

The Company does not intend to provide the Company's security holders with any
disclosure documents, including audited financial statements, concerning an
acquisition or merger candidate and its business prior to the consummation of
any acquisition or merger transaction.

COMPETITION

The Company will remain an insignificant participant among the firms which
engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many established
venture capital and financial concerns which have significantly greater
financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than the Company. In
view of the Company's extremely limited financial resources and limited
management availability, the Company will continue to be at a significant
competitive disadvantage compared to the Company's competitors.

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

A. Conflicts of Interest. There are certain conflicts of interest between us and
our officers and directors as they have other business interests to which they
currently devote attention, and may be expected to continue to do so. As a
result, conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved only through their
exercise of judgment in a manner which is consistent with their fiduciary duties
to the Company.

It is anticipated that our principal shareholders may actively negotiate or
otherwise consent to the purchase of a portion of their common stock as a
condition to, or in connection with, a proposed merger or acquisition
transaction. In this process, our principal shareholders may consider their own
personal pecuniary benefit rather than the best interests of other shareholders,
and the other shareholders are not expected to be afforded the opportunity to
approve or consent to any particular stock buy-out transaction.


                                     6 of 36
<PAGE>


B. Need for Additional Financing. We have very limited financial resources, and
such resources are unlikely to be adequate to take advantage of any available
business opportunities. Even if our financial resources prove to be sufficient
to acquire an interest in, or complete a transaction with, a business
opportunity, we may not have enough capital to exploit the opportunity. Our
ultimate success may depend upon our ability to raise additional capital. We
have not investigated the availability, source, or terms that might govern the
acquisition of additional capital and will not do so until we determine a need
for additional financing.

If additional capital is needed, there is no assurance that funds will be
available from any source or, if available, that they can be obtained on terms
acceptable to us. If such funds are not available, our operations will be
limited to those that can be financed with our modest capital.

C. Regulation of Penny Stocks. Our securities, when available for trading, will
be subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes special
sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such securities to
persons other than established customers or accredited investors. For purposes
of the rule, the phrase "accredited investors" means, in general terms,
institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000, or individuals having a net
worth in excess of $1,000,000 or having an annual income that exceeds $200,000
(or that, when combined with a spouse's income, exceeds $300,000). For
transactions covered by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written
agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, the rule may
affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and also may affect
the ability of our shareholders to sell their securities in any market that
might develop.

Shareholders should be aware that, according to Securities and Exchange
Commission Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered from
patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for
the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the
promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of
purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) "boiler room"
practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price
projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed
bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the
wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after
prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting
inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. The
Company's management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in
the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate
the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market,
management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent
the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities.

D. No Operating History or Revenue and Minimal Assets. The Company has had no
operating history nor any revenues or earnings from operations since it ceased
all major operations in November 2001. The Company has no assets or significant
financial resources. The Company will, in all likelihood, sustain operating
expenses without corresponding revenues, at least until the consummation of a
business combination. This may result in the Company incurring a net operating
loss which will increase continuously until the Company can consummate a
business combination with a profitable business opportunity. There is no
assurance that the Company can identify such a business opportunity and
consummate such a business combination.

E. No Assurance of Success or Profitability. There is no assurance that we will
acquire a business opportunity. Even if we should become involved in a business
opportunity, there is no assurance that it will generate revenues or profits, or
that the market price of our common stock will be increased thereby.


                                     7 of 36
<PAGE>


F. Possible Business - Not Identified and Highly Risky. We have not identified
and have no commitments to enter into or acquire a specific business
opportunity. Therefore, we can disclose the risks and hazards of a business or
opportunity that we may enter into in only a general manner, and cannot disclose
the risks and hazards of any specific business or opportunity. An investor can
expect a potential business opportunity to be quite risky. Our acquisition of or
participation in a business opportunity will likely be highly illiquid and could
result in a total loss to us and our shareholders if the business or opportunity
proves to be unsuccessful.

G. Type of Business Acquired. The type of business to be acquired may be one
that desires to avoid affecting its own public offering and the accompanying
expense, delays, uncertainties, and federal and state requirements which purport
to protect investors. Because of our limited capital, it is more likely than not
that any acquisition will involve other parties whose primary interest is the
acquisition of control of a publicly traded company. Moreover, any business
opportunity acquired may be currently unprofitable or present other negative
factors.

H. Impracticability of Exhaustive Investigation. Our limited funds and the lack
of full-time management will likely make it impracticable to conduct a complete
and exhaustive investigation and analysis of a business opportunity before we
commit our capital or other resources to such opportunity. Management decisions,
therefore, will likely be made without detailed feasibility studies, independent
analysis, market surveys and the like, which, if we had more funds, would be
desirable. We will be particularly dependent in making decisions upon
information provided by the promoter, owner, sponsor, or others associated with
the business opportunity seeking our participation. A significant portion of our
available funds may be expended for investigative expenses and other expenses
related to preliminary aspects of completing an acquisition transaction, whether
or not any business opportunity investigated is eventually acquired.

I. Lack of Diversification. Because of our limited financial resources, it is
unlikely that we will be able to diversify our acquisitions or operations. This
probable inability to diversify our activities into more than one area will
subject us to economic fluctuations within a particular business or industry and
therefore increase the risks associated with our operations.

J. Requirement of Audited Financial Statements May Disqualify Business
Opportunities. Management of the Company believes that any potential business
opportunity must provide audited financial statements for review, and for the
protection of all parties to the business combination. One or more attractive
business opportunities may choose to forego the possibility of a business
combination with the Company, rather than incur the expenses associated with
preparing audited financial statements.

K. Other Regulation. An acquisition we make may be of a business that is subject
to regulation or licensing by federal, state, or local authorities. Compliance
with such regulations and licensing can be expected to be a time-consuming,
expensive process and may limit our other investment opportunities.

L. Dependence Upon Management; Limited Participation of Management. We will be
heavily dependent upon the skills, talents, and abilities of our officers and
directors to implement our business plan, and may, from time to time, find that
the inability of such persons to devote their full-time attention to our
business results in a delay in progress toward implementing our business plan.
Furthermore, we will be entirely dependent upon the experience of our officers
and directors in seeking, investigating, and acquiring a business and in making
decisions regarding our operations. Because investors will not be able to
evaluate the merits of our possible business acquisitions, they should
critically assess the information concerning our officers and directors.


                                     9 of 36
<PAGE>


M. Lack of Continuity in Management. The Company does not have an employment
agreement with any of its officers or directors, and as a result, there is no
assurance that they will continue to manage the Company in the future. In
connection with the acquisition of a business opportunity, it is likely the
current officers and directors of the Company will resign. A decision to resign
will be based upon the identity of the business opportunity and the nature of
the transaction, and is likely to occur without the vote or consent of the
shareholders of the Company.

N. Indemnification of Officers and Directors. Our Articles of Incorporation
provide that we may indemnify our directors, officers, employees, and agents to
the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. We will also bear the expenses of
such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon
such person's promise to repay us if it is ultimately determined that any such
person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification
policy could result in substantial expenditures which we may be unable to
recoup.

O. Dependence Upon Outside Advisors. To supplement the business experience of
our officers and directors, we may be required to employ accountants, technical
experts, appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants or advisors. The selection
of any such advisors will be made by our officers without any input from
shareholders. Furthermore, it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged on
an "as needed" basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to the
Company. In the event management considers it necessary to hire outside
advisors, they may elect to hire persons who are affiliates of our officers and
directors, if they are able to provide the required services.

P. Leveraged Transactions. There is a possibility that any acquisition of a
business opportunity we make may be leveraged, i.e., we may finance the
acquisition of the business opportunity by borrowing against the assets of the
business opportunity to be acquired, or against the projected future revenues or
profits of the business opportunity. This could increase our exposure to losses.
A business opportunity acquired through a leveraged transaction is profitable
only if it generates enough revenues to cover the related debt and expenses.
Failure to make payments on the debt incurred to purchase the business
opportunity could result in the loss of a portion or all of the assets acquired.
There is no assurance that any business opportunity acquired through a leveraged
transaction will generate sufficient revenues to cover the related debt and
expenses.

Q. Competition. The search for potentially profitable business opportunities is
intensely competitive. We expect to be at a disadvantage when competing with
many firms that have substantially greater financial and management resources
and capabilities than we do. These competitive conditions will exist in any
industry in which we may become interested.

R. No Foreseeable Dividends. We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock
and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future.

S. Loss of Control by Present Management and Shareholders. We may consider an
acquisition in which we would issue as consideration for the business
opportunity to be acquired, an amount of our authorized but unissued common
stock that would, upon issuance, represent the great majority of the voting
power and equity of the Company. The result of such an acquisition would be that
the acquired company's shareholders and management would control the Company,
and our management could be replaced by persons unknown at this time. Such a
merger would result in a greatly reduced percentage of ownership by our current
shareholders.

T. Limited Public Market Exists. There is only a very limited public market for
our common stock, and no assurance can be given that an active market will
develop or that a shareholder ever will be able to liquidate his investment


                                     9 of 36
<PAGE>


without considerable delay, if at all. If a market should develop, the price may
be highly volatile. Factors such as those discussed in this "Risk Factors"
section may have a significant impact upon the market price of our securities.
Because of the low price of the securities, many brokerage firms may not be
willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if a purchaser finds a
broker willing to effect a transaction in our securities, the combination of
brokerage commissions, state transfer taxes, if any, and any other selling costs
may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit
the use of such securities as collateral for any loans.

U. Concerns regarding the current economic situation. The United States and the
global business community is experiencing severe instability in the commercial
and investment banking systems which is likely to continue to have far-reaching
effects on the economic activity in the country for an indeterminable period.
The long-term impact on the United States economy and the Company's operating
activities and ability to raise capital cannot be predicted at this time, but
may be substantial.

ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Company has no properties and at this time has no agreements to acquire any
properties. The Company currently maintains a mailing address at 5353 Manhattan
Circle, Suite 101, Boulder, CO 80303. The Company pays no rent for the use of
this mailing address. The Company does not believe that it will need to maintain
an office at any time in the foreseeable future in order to carry out its plan
of operations described herein.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

None.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None.

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

(a) Market Information.

There is only a very limited market for the Company's securities. As of March
20, 2009 the Company's securities were included on the bulletin board under the
symbol PISV. During the past two years, there have been no transactions in the
Company's common stock reported in the so-called "Pink Sheets". There are no
outstanding options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock or securities
convertible into shares of the Company's common stock. The Company has no
obligations to register any of its shares of common stock under the Securities
Act of 1933. As of March 20, 2009, 70,377 of the Company's outstanding shares
were eligible for transfer without registration under the Securities Act.


                                    10 of 36
<PAGE>


(b) Holders.

As of March 20, 2009, there were approximately 146 holders of the Company's
Common Stock.

(c) Dividends.

No dividends have been paid by the Company on any of its securities since the
renewal of its charter and such dividends are not contemplated in the
foreseeable future.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                            Years Ended                Period From
                   December 31,    December 31,     June 25, 2007 to
                       2008            2007        December 31, 2008
                   ------------    ------------    -----------------
Revenues           $          -    $          -

Expenses                (29,747)         (8,237)        (37,984)
Net income              (29,747)         (4,918)        (37,984)
Assets                      490           4,515             490
Liabilities              32,358           6,636          32,358

Equity                  (31,868)         (2,121)        (31,868)

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS DICUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF
OPERATIONS

Overview

The Company generated no revenues during the year ended December 31, 2008, and
management does not anticipate any revenues until following the conclusion of a
merger or acquisition, if any, as contemplate by the Company's business plan.

The Company has limited capital. The Company anticipates operational costs will
be limited until such time as significant evaluation work is undertaken
regarding prospective mergers or acquisitions. At December 31, 2008, the Company
had no material commitments for capital expenditures.

General

Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time
will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a
business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will not
restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business,
industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business.

The Company does not currently engage in any business activities that provide
cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for
the next 12 months and beyond such time will be paid with money in our treasury.


                                    11 of 36
<PAGE>


The Company may consider a business which has recently commenced operations, is
a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products
or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established
business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in
need of additional capital. In the alternative, a business combination may
involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need
substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading
market for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays,
significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public
offering.

None of our officers or our directors has had any direct and/or preliminary
contact or discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a
business combination with us. Any target business that is selected may be a
financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or
growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In
that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and
operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth
companies. In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in
an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all
significant risks.

The Company anticipates that the selection of a business combination will be
complex and extremely risky. Because of general economic conditions, rapid
technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available
capital, our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking even the
limited additional capital that we will have and/or the perceived benefits of
becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a
publicly traded corporation include, among other things, facilitating or
improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained,
providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business, creating
a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key
employees, and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint
ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially available
business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various
stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative
investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult
and complex.

Liquidity and Capital Resources.

The Company has no operating history as a "blank check" company and no material
assets. At December 31, 2008 the Company had an accumulated deficit of
($508,940) and a working capital deficit ($ 37,984). The report of the Company's
registered public accountants for the financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2008 included a going concern qualification.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not required by smaller reporting companies.




                                    12 of 36
<PAGE>


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA


                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)

                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                      with

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          F-2

Financial Statements:

     Balance Sheets                                              F-3

     Statements of Operations                                    F-4

     Statement of Changes in Stockholders' (Deficit)             F-5

     Statements of Cash Flows                                    F-6

     Notes to Financial Statements                               F-7












                                       F-1

                                    13 of 36
<PAGE>



             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors
PI Services, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of PI Services, Inc. (A
Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related
statements of operations, stockholders' (deficit), and cash flows for the two
years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, and for the period from June 25, 2007
(date of commencement of development stage) through December 31, 2008. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of PI Services, Inc. (a
Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2008 and
2007, and for the period from June 25, 2007 (date of commencement of development
stage) through December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 1, the Company
has no business operations and has negative working capital and stockholders'
deficits, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plan in regard to this matter is also discussed in Note 1.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of these uncertainties.

/s/ Schumacher & Associates, Inc.

Schumacher & Associates, Inc.
Certified Public Accountants
2525 Fifteenth Street, Suite 3H
Denver, Colorado 80211

March 24, 2009



                                       F-2

                                    14 of 36
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                                 BALANCE SHEETS

                                     ASSETS


                                                            December 31,    December 31,
                                                                2008            2007
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>
Current Assets:
  Cash                                                               490           4,515
                                                            ------------    ------------
TOTAL ASSETS                                                $        490    $      4,515
                                                            ============    ============


                    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)

Current Liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                          $      3,518    $      3,425
  Accounts payable, related party (Note 4)                        28,840           3,211
                                                            ------------    ------------
   Total Current Liabilities                                      32,358           6,636
                                                            ------------    ------------

     TOTAL LIABILITIES                                            32,358           6,636
                                                            ------------    ------------

Commitments and contingencies
  (Notes 1,2,3,4,5 and 6)

Stockholders' (Deficit)
  Preferred Stock, $.001 par value
   20,000,000 shares authorized;
   No shares issued and outstanding (Note 3)
  Common stock, $.001 par value
   780,000,000 shares authorized,
   983,496 issued and outstanding at
   December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007
   (Note 3)                                                          984             984
  Additional paid-in capital                                     514,072         514,072
  Accumulated (Deficit)                                         (508,940)       (508,940)
  Retained earnings during the
   development stage                                             (37,984)         (8,237)
                                                            ------------    ------------
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)                                    (31,868)         (2,121)
                                                            ------------    ------------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)                                     $        490    $      4,515
                                                            ============    ============
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


                                       F-3

                                    15 of 36
<PAGE>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                               Period from
                                                                 June 25,
                                                              2007(date of
                                                              commencement
                                                             of development
                                   For the Year Ended           stage) to
                                      December 31,            December 31,
                                  2008            2007            2008
                              ------------    ------------    ------------
Revenue                       $       --      $       --      $       --
                              ------------    ------------    ------------
Expenses:
  Legal and accounting fees         24,807           2,636          27,443
  Transfer agent fees                2,460           5,019           7,479
  Printing and mailing fees          1,232            --             1,232
  General corporate fees               263             536             799
  Other                                985              46           1,031
                              ------------    ------------    ------------
     Total Expenses                 29,747           8,237          37,984
                              ------------    ------------    ------------
Net Operating (Loss)               (29,747)         (8,237)        (37,984)
                              ------------    ------------    ------------

Net (Loss) from continuing
  Operations                       (29,747)         (8,237)        (37,984)
                              ------------    ------------    ------------

Discontinued Operations:
  Gain from discontinued
   operations                         --             3,319            --
                              ------------    ------------    ------------
  Net (Loss)                       (29,747)         (4,918)        (37,984)
                              ============    ============    ============

Per Share
  Continuing Operations       $       (.03)   $       (.02)   $       (.04)
  Discontinued Operations             --               .01            --
                              ------------    ------------    ------------
     Total                    $       (.03)   $       (.01)   $       (.04)
                              ============    ============    ============

Weighted Average Shares
  Outstanding                      983,496         372,052         864,917
                              ============    ============    ============



The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.






                                       F-4

                                    16 of 36
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)

          For the Period from January 1, 2007 through December 31, 2008


                                 PREFERRED STOCK           COMMON STOCK                                     DEFICIT
                              ---------------------   ---------------------                               ACCUMULATED
                                                                              ADDITIONAL                   DURING THE
                                                                               PAID-IN     ACCUMULATED    DEVELOPMENT
                                SHARES      AMOUNT      SHARES      AMOUNT     CAPITAL      (DEFICIT)        STAGE         TOTAL
                              ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ----------   -----------    -----------    ---------
<S>                           <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>
Balance, December 31, 2006         --     $    --        88,699   $      89   $  504,824   $  (512,259)   $      --      $  (7,346)

Debt converted to equity           --          --       354,797         355        3,672          --             --          4,027
July 31, 2007 (Note 4)

Issuance of stock for cash
at $.011 September 30, 2007        --          --       540,000         540        5,576          --             --          6,116


Net income for the year            --          --          --          --           --           3,319         (8,237)      (4,918)
                              ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ----------   -----------    -----------    ---------

Balance, December 31, 2007         --          --       983,496         984      514,072      (508,940)        (8,237)      (2,121)



Net (loss) for the year            --          --          --          --           --            --          (29,747)     (29,747)
                              ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ----------   -----------    -----------    ---------

Balance, December 31, 2008         --     $    --       983,496   $     984   $  514,072   $  (508,940)   $   (37,984)   $ (31,868)
                              =========   =========   =========   =========   ==========   ===========    ===========    =========
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.



                                       F-5

                                    17 of 36
<PAGE>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                            STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                   Period From
                                                                   June 25, 2007
                                                                     (Date of
                                                                   development
                                           For the Year Ended        Stage) to
                                              December 31,         December 31,
                                           2008          2007          2008
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Cash Flows from Operating
  Activities of Continued Operations:
  Net (loss)                            $  (29,747)   $   (4,918)  $    (37,984)
  Less: Net gain from Discontinued            --           3,319           --
         Operations                     ----------    ----------   ------------

Net (loss) from Continuing Operations      (29,747)       (8,237)       (37,984)
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Adjustments to reconcile net loss
 To net cash (used in) operating activities:
  Increase in accounts payable                  93         3,425          3,518
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Net Cash (Used in) Operating
  Activities                               (29,654)       (4,812)       (34,466)
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:         --            --             --
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Net Cash Provided by
  Investing Activities                        --            --             --
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
  Sale of common stock                      13,884         6,116          6,116
  Advances from related party               11,745         3,211         28,840
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Net Cash Provided by
  Financing Activities                      25,629         9,327         34,956
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Cash Flows from (Used In):
  Discontinued Operations                     --             (55)           (55)
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
   Net cash provided by (used in)             --             (55)           (55)
    Discontinued Operations             ----------    ----------   ------------

Increase (Decrease) in Cash                 (4,025)        4,460            435
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Cash, Beginning of Period                    4,515            55             55
                                        ----------    ----------   ------------
Cash, End of Period                     $      490    $    4,515   $        490
                                        ==========    ==========   ============
Interest Paid                           $     --      $     --     $       --
                                        ==========    ==========   ============
Income Taxes Paid                       $     --      $     --     $       --
                                        ==========    ==========   ============

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


                                       F-6

                                    18 of 36
<PAGE>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           December 31, 2008 and 2007


(1) Summary of Accounting Policies, and Description of Business

This summary of significant accounting policies of PI Services, Inc. (Company),
a "Development Stage Company", is presented to assist in understanding the
Company's financial statements. The financial statements and notes are
representations of the Company's management who is responsible for their
integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been
consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements. All share
information has been adjusted to reflect the one-for-five reverse stock split
effective March 20, 2009.

(a) Organization and Description of Business

The Company was incorporated as Sweet Little Deal, Inc. in 1986 under the laws
of the State of Minnesota. The Company executed a Plan of Exchange with
Protective Physicians Insurance services, Ltd. on October 10, 1991, and changed
its name to Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd. On July 23, 2008, the Company
held a shareholder meeting approving a migratory merger to Nevada and a name
change to PI Services, Inc., which became effective January 12, 2009.

Since November 2001, the Company has not engaged in any business operations.

Effective June 25, 2007, the Company commenced activities to become a reporting
company with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") with the intention
to become a publicly trading company.

(b) Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

(c) Per Share Information

Earnings (loss) per share of common stock is computed by dividing the net
earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted earnings per share is not shown for periods in which
the Company incurs a loss because it would be anti-dilutive. All share
information has been adjusted to reflect the one-for-five reverse stock split
effective March 20, 2009.

(d) Basis of Presentation - Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which
contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, the
Company has no business operations and has negative working capital and
stockholders' deficits, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern.

In view of these matters, continuation as a going concern is dependent upon
continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the
Company's ability to meet its financial requirements, raise additional capital,
and the success of its future operations.

Management has opted to register the Company's common stock under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and to begin the filing of SEC reporting documentation and
then to seek a business combination. Management believes that this plan provides
an opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.



                                       F-7

                                    19 of 36
<PAGE>


                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           December 31, 2008 and 2007


(1) Summary of Accounting Policies, Continued

(e) Recent Accounting Pronouncements

There were various accounting standards and interpretations issued during 2008
and 2007, none of which are expected to a have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial position, operations or cash flows.

(f) Risks and Uncertainties

The Company is subject to substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent
in starting a new business. There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to complete a business combination.

(g) Revenue Recognition

The Company has had no revenue during its development stage. It is the Company's
policy that revenues will be recognized in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin ("SAB") No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements." Under
SAB 101, product revenues (or service revenues) are recognized when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred (or service has been
performed), the sales price is fixed and determinable and collectability is
reasonably assured.

(h) Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to consist of cash on hand and
demand deposits in banks with an initial maturity of 90 days or less.

(i) Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 107 ("SFAS 107"), "Disclosures About Fair Value of
Financial Instruments." SFAS 107 requires disclosure of fair value information
about financial instruments when it is practicable to estimate that value. The
carrying amount of the Company's accounts payable, accrued expenses and accounts
payable-related party approximate their estimated fair values due to their
short-term maturities.

(j) Income Taxes

The Company records deferred taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." The statement
requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary
differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and the amounts at
which they are carried in the financial statements, the effect of net operating
losses, based upon the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is established when
necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

(k)  Development stage

Based upon the Company's business plan, it became a development stage enterprise
effective June 25, 2007 when it commenced activities to become a reporting
company with the SEC. Planned principal operations have not yet commenced.
Accordingly, the Company presents its financial statements in conformity with
the accounting principals generally accepted in the United States of America
that apply in establishing operating enterprises. As a development state
enterprise, the Company discloses the deficit accumulated during the development
stage and the cumulative statements of operations and cash flows from
commencement of development stage to the current balance sheet date.




                                       F-8

                                    20 of 36
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           December 31, 2008 and 2007

(1) Summary of Accounting Policies, Continued

(l) Concentrations

Financial instruments that potentially subject the company to concentrations of
credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. At December 31,
2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company had no amounts of cash or cash
equivalents in financial institutions in excess of amounts insured by agencies
of the U.S. Government.

 (m) Other

The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The Company has paid no dividends.

No advertising expense has been incurred.

The Company consists of one reportable business segment.

The Company has not entered into any leases.

(2) Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary timing differences in the recognition
of income and expenses for financial reporting and tax purposes. The Company's
deferred tax assets consist entirely of the benefit from net operating loss
(NOL) carry forwards, limited by the value of the shell. The net operating loss
carry forward if not used, will expire in various years through 2027, and is
severely restricted as per the Internal Revenue code if there is a change in
ownership. The Company's deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance
due to the uncertainty of the realization of the net operating loss carry
forwards. Net operating loss carry forwards may be further limited by other
provisions of the tax laws.

The Company's deferred tax assets, valuation allowance, and change in valuation
allowance are as follows:

                    Estimated
                       NOL                 Estimated                Change in
                      Carry-      NOL     Tax Benefit   Valuation   Valuation   Net Tax
  Period Ending      forward    Expires     from NOL    Allowance   Allowance   Benefit
  -------------      -------    -------     --------    ---------   ---------   -------
<S>                  <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
December 31, 2007    508,237    Various      94,024      (94,024)    (1,524)       --
December 31, 2008    537,984    Various      99,527      (99,527)    (5,503)       --
</TABLE>

     Income taxes at the statutory rate are reconciled to the Company's actual
     income taxes as follows:

     Income tax benefit at statutory rate resulting from net
     operating loss carry forward                                      (15.0%)
     State tax (benefit) net of Federal benefit                        (3.5)%
     Deferred income tax valuation allowance                            18.5%
                                                                    ------------
     Actual tax rate                                                     0%
                                                                    ============



                                       F-9

                                    21 of 36
<PAGE>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           December 31, 2008 and 2007

(3) Common Stock and Migratory Merger

Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation in Nevada, the Company is authorized
to issue 780,000,000 common shares with $.001 par value. There were 983,496
shares of common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2008. During the
year ended December 31, 2007, the Company agreed to issue 354,797 shares of
common stock to former shareholders in exchange for debt with an original value
of $94,500. The fair value of the stock was estimated at $4,027. The transaction
was treated as a Type I subsequent event, resulting in a $90,473 reduction in
the value of the debt, which was recorded as additional paid-in capital in a
prior period, since the shareholders in effect contributed cash by not requiring
payment. Additionally, the Company exchanged its cemetery and related assets to
a shareholder/former director of the Company, in cancellation for related
liabilities. Prior to 2006, management had determined the cemetery assets were
impaired and had recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount. In
addition, since the sale of the cemetery was treated as a Type I subsequent
event, the liabilities related to the cemetery were also written off in the
prior period. In September 2007, the Company issued a total of 540,000 shares of
common stock to two directors for $6,116 cash. This resulted in a change in
control of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company
agreed to issue a total of 1,233,984 shares of common stock to two directors for
an advance cash payment of $13,884. The common stock was issued on January 31,
2009 following the migratory merger to Nevada.

On July 1, 2008, the Board of Directors unanimously adopted resolutions to
reincorporate Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd. in the State of Nevada by
merger with and into a Nevada corporation with the name PI Services, Inc., which
Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd. formed for such purpose (the "Migratory
Merger"), and to complete a 1 for 5 reverse stock split on the Company's common
stock. Effective July 23, 2008, shareholders approved the Agreement and Plan of
Merger.

In accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, effective January 12, 2009,
Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd. became and adopted the capital structure of
PI Services, Inc., which includes total authorized capital stock of 800,000,000
shares, of which 780,000,000 are common stock, with a par value of $.001 per
share and 20,000,000 shares are blank check preferred stock, with a par value of
$.001 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). In addition, on January 12, 2009, the
issued and outstanding shares of our common stock automatically converted into
shares of PI Services, Inc. common stock at a ratio of one (1) share of our
currently outstanding common stock for one (1) share of PI Services, Inc. common
stock. The Company completed a 1 for 5 reverse split on its common stock
effective March 20, 2009.

All references in the accompanying financial statements to the number of shares
authorized and outstanding have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the new
capital structure and par values effective January 12, 2009, and the reverse
stock split effective March 20, 2009.

(4) Related Party Transactions

The Company uses the offices of its majority shareholders for its minimal office
facility needs for no consideration. No provision for these costs has been
provided since it has been determined that they are immaterial.

In July 2007, the Company issued 354,797 shares of its common stock to former
shareholders of the Company (including 157,575 shares issued to 5 former
directors of the Company) in consideration for the cancellation of $94,500 of
convertible debt.

On September 30, 2007 the Company issued 540,000 shares of its common stock to
two directors and officers of the Company for a $6,116 cash payment. During the
year ended December 31. 2008 the two directors and officers of the Company
advanced the Company an additional $13,884 in exchange for additional share of
common stock following the increase in the Company's authorized capital
effective January 12, 2009. The shares were issued on January 31, 2009.

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Company owed $14,956 and $3,211,
respectively, to a related party for expenses of the Company. The advances are
uncollateralized, bear no interest and are due on demand. Included in accounts
payable related party at December 31, 2008 is $13,884, which was advanced by two
directors of the Company in exchange for stock during the period ended June 30,
2008. The shares were issued on January 31, 2009 following the reincorporation
of the Company to the State of Nevada. The issuance resulted in the two
directors having 80% ownership of the Company.


                                      F-10

                                    22 of 36
<PAGE>

                                PI SERVICES, INC.
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           December 31, 2008 and 2007


(5) Discontinued Operations

In January 1995 the Company entered into an agreement to purchase a cemetery
asset. In July 2007, after several years of minimal sales, the Board of
Directors transferred the title of the cemetery and related assets back to its
original owners. Prior to 2006, management had determined that the cemetery
assets were impaired and had recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount.
In addition, since the sale of the cemetery was treated as a Type I subsequent
event, the liabilities related to the cemetery were also written off in the
prior period. The transactions related to the cemetery are disclosed as
discontinued operations.

(6) Subsequent Events

In accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, to reincorporate the
Company in the State of Nevada and merge into PI Services, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, the Company effectively became PI Services, Inc. on January 12,
2009. Additionally, the Company effected the 1 for 5 reverse split as part of
the Merger with an effective date of March 20, 2009. The Company also issued the
remaining 1,233,984 shares owed to two directors and officers of the Company on
January 31, 2009 for an advance cash payment of $13,884 received in the period
ending June 30, 2008 and resulting in the two directors owning approximately 80%
of the outstanding common stock of the Company.







                                      F-11

                                    23 of 36
<PAGE>

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DATA

There are no disagreements with the accountants on accounting and financial
disclosures.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (collectively the
"Certifying Officers") maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures
that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is
required to be disclosed, is accumulated and communicated to management timely.
Under the supervision and with the participation of management, the Certifying
Officers evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)/15d-15(e)]
under the Exchange Act) within 90 days prior to the filing date of this report.
Based upon that evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to
material information relative to our company required to be disclosed in our
periodic filings with the SEC.

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their control objectives. Furthermore, smaller reporting companies face
additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and
find it difficult to properly segregate duties. Often, one or two individuals
control every aspect of the Company's operation and are in a position to
override any system of internal control. Additionally, smaller reporting
companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a
rigorous set of software controls.

Our management, with the participation of the President, evaluated the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2008. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework. Based on this
evaluation, our management, with the participation of the President, concluded
that, as of December 31, 2008, our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective due to material weaknesses in the system of internal control.

Specifically, management identified the following control deficiencies. (1) The
Company has not properly segregated duties as one or two individuals initiate,
authorize, and complete all transactions. The Company has not implemented
measures that would prevent the individuals from overriding the internal control
system. The Company does not believe that this control deficiency has resulted
in deficient financial reporting because the Chief Financial Officer is aware of


                                    24 of 36
<PAGE>


her responsibilities under the SEC's reporting requirements and personally
certifies the financial reports. (2) The Company has installed accounting
software that does not prevent erroneous or unauthorized changes to previous
reporting periods and does not provide an adequate audit trail of entries made
in the accounting software.

Accordingly, while the Company has identified certain material weaknesses in its
system of internal control over financial reporting, it believes that it has
taken reasonable steps to ascertain that the financial information contained in
this report is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Management has determined that current resources would be appropriately applied
elsewhere and when resources permit, they will alleviate material weaknesses
through various steps.

(b) Changes in internal controls.

Our Certifying Officers have indicated that there were no changes in our
internal controls or other factors that could significantly affect such controls
subsequent to the date of his evaluation, and there were no such control actions
with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Officers and Directors

The following table sets forth certain information concerning each of the
Company's directors and executive officers:

NAME                          AGE            POSITION

Michael Friess                59             Chairman of the Board
                                               President and CEO

Sanford Schwartz              58             Vice President, Director

Chloe DiVita                  31             Treasurer, Secretary,
                                               Director and CFO

There are no agreements or understandings for any officer or director to resign
at the request of another person and none of the above named officers and
directors are acting on behalf of or will act at the direction of any other
person.

There is no family relationship between any director or executive officer of the
Company.

The Board of Directors presently has no committees.


                                    25 of 36
<PAGE>


Set forth below are the names of all directors and executive officers of the
Company, all positions and offices with the Company held by each such person,
the period during which he has served as such, and the business experience of
such persons during at least the last five years:

Michael Friess is a self-employed attorney licensed to practice law in the State
of Colorado. He was a partner from January 1983 to December 1993 in the New York
City law firm of Schulte, Roth & Zabel, where his practice emphasized taxation.
Mr. Friess has served as a Director and Officer of the Company since August
2007. Mr. Friess served on the Board of Directors of Oralabs Holding Corporation
(NASDAQ: OLAB) from September 1997 until December 2006.

Chloe DiVita joined the Company as an Officer and Director in August 2007. For
the past seven (7) years, Mrs. DiVita has been self-employed accountant and
business development consultant partnering on many projects with Creative
Business Strategies, Inc., a business consulting firm.

Sanford Schwartz has been a director of the Company since August 2007. Mr.
Schwartz is the Chairman of Creative Business Strategies, Inc., a business
consulting firm in Boulder, Colorado co-founded by Mr. Schwartz in 1985.

Previous Blank-Check Experience

Mr. Michael Friess, President and a director and executive officer of the
Company, Mr. Sanford Schwartz a director of the Company, and Mrs. Chloe DiVita,
Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, have all been involved either as an
officer or director, or both, with other blank-check companies, which have
completed some form of corporate reorganization. The officers and directors of
the Company intend to work on developing additional registered blank check
companies. The following is a list of the blank-check companies with which the
Company's officers and directors have previously been involved during the last
five years:

Hemcure, Inc. (HMCU), Commission File #000-51543, was initially registered in
May of 1987. The registrant was organized to provide administrative and
marketing services to physicians or physician groups who emphasize outpatient
non-surgical treatment for hemorrhoids. During June 2006, majority ownership and
control of HMCU changed and became Aurasound, Inc. listed on the OTCBB symbol
(ARAU). Current officers and directors of PI Services, Inc. are not currently
officers, directors or employees of ARAU and, therefore, have no direct
knowledge of the business operations or possible pending acquisition, business
combinations or mergers of ARAU. ARAU appears to be current in all of its
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Implant Technologies, Inc. (IMLT), Commission File #000-17064, initially
registered in 1980 was formed for the purpose of developing and marketing
medical products. From April 2006 to July, 2007, Michael Friess served as
Secretary and Treasurer, and Sanford Schwartz served as a Director of IMLT.
During July 2007, majority ownership and control of IMLT changed and became
Oasis Online Technologies Corp listed on the OTCBB symbol (OOLN), a company that
is planning acquisitions in the online security and authentication market.
Current officers and directors of PI Services, Inc. are not currently officers,
directors or employees of OOLN and, therefore, have no direct knowledge of the
business operations or possible pending acquisition, business combinations or
mergers of OOLN. OOLN appears to be current in its filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Discovery Technologies, Inc. (DSVY), Commission File #000-18606, initially
registered in 1987 was formed to design, manufacture and market video products
that transmit pictures over standard voice-grade telephone lines. In June 2006,
Craig T Rogers, the sole remaining director, appointed certain officers and


                                    26 of 36
<PAGE>


directors of PI Services, Inc. as the new officers and directors of Discovery
Technologies, Inc. During December 2007, majority ownership and control of DSVY
changed and became China Green Agriculture listed on the OTCBB symbol (CGAG).
Current officers and directors of the Company are not currently officers or
directors or employees of CGAG and, therefore, have no direct knowledge of the
business operations or possible pending acquisitions, business combinations or
mergers of CGAG. CGAG appears to be current in its filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Certified Technologies Corporation (CFDT), Commission File #000-52786, initially
registered in 1984 was formed to market a fire retardant chemical formulation to
the commercial aviation and business furniture industries. In February 2007
Joseph Whitney, the sole remaining director, appointed certain officers and
directors of PI Services, Inc. as the new officers and directors of Certified
Technologies Corporation. During May 2008, majority ownership and control of
CFDT changed and became Zhaoheng Hydropower CO listed on the OTCBB symbol
(ZHYP). Current officers and directors of the Company are not currently officers
or directors or employees of ZHYP and, therefore, have no direct knowledge of
the business operations or possible pending acquisitions, business combinations
or merger of ZHYP. ZHYP appears to be current in all of its filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Henry County Plywood Corporation (HRYC), Commission File #000-53208, initially
registered in 1948 was formed to purchase, lease, sell, manufacture and deal in
lumber, and other wood products. In August 2006, the remaining board appointed
Michael Friess as President and CEO of the company, and Sanford Schwartz as
Director. In October 2007, Messrs Friess and Schwartz resigned as officers and
directors of the Company, and in May 2008 Mr. Friess was reappointed to the
Board. In January 2009, majority ownership and control of HRYC changed. Current
officers and directors of the Company are not currently officers or directors or
employees of HRYC and, therefore, have no direct knowledge of the business
operations or possible pending acquisitions, business combinations or merger of
HRYC. HRYC appears to be current in all of its filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

Conflicts of Interest

The Company's officers and directors have in the past and may in the future be
officers and directors of other companies of a similar nature and with a similar
purpose as the Company. Consequently, there are potential inherent conflicts of
interest in Messrs Friess and Schwartz and Mrs. DiVita serving as officers and
directors of the Company. Insofar as the officers and directors are engaged in
other business activities, management anticipates it will devote only a minor
amount of time to the Company's affairs. The officers and directors of the
Company may in the future become shareholders, officers or directors of other
companies which may be formed for the purpose of engaging in business activities
similar to those conducted by the Company. The Company does not currently have a
right of first refusal pertaining to opportunities that come to management's
attention even if the opportunities relate to the Company's proposed business
operations.

The officers and directors are, so long as they are officers or directors of the
Company, subject to the restriction that all opportunities contemplated by the
Company's plan of operation which come to their attention in the performance of
their duties as officers and directors of the Company will be considered
opportunities of, and be made available to the Company. However, they are under
no obligation to make any opportunities that come to their attention in the
performance of their duties for any other companies or in any other manner
available to the Company. Except as set forth above, the Company has not adopted
any other conflict of interest policy with respect to such transactions.


                                    27 of 36
<PAGE>


Investment Company Act of 1940

Management believes the Company will not be subject to regulation under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, insofar as the Company will not be engaged in
the business of investing or trading in securities. In the event the Company
engages in business combinations, which result in the Company holding passive
investment interests in a number of entities, the Company could be subject to
regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. In such event, the Company
would be required to register as an investment company and could be expected to
incur significant registration and compliance costs. The Company has obtained no
formal determination from the Securities and Exchange Commission as to the
status of the Company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Any violation of
such Act would subject the Company to material adverse consequences.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

None of the Company's officers and/or directors receives any compensation for
their respective services rendered to the Company, nor have they received such
compensation since the renewal of the Company's charter. They have agreed to act
without compensation until authorized by the Board of Directors, which is not
expected to occur until the Company has generated revenues from operations after
consummation of a merger or acquisition. As of the date of this registration
statement, the Company has minimal funds available to pay directors. Further,
none of the directors are accruing any compensation pursuant to any agreement
with the Company.

It is possible that, after the Company successfully consummates a merger or
acquisition with an unaffiliated entity, that entity may desire to employ or
retain one or more members of the Company's management for the purposes of
providing services to the surviving entity, or otherwise provide other
compensation to such persons. However, the Company has adopted a policy whereby
the offer of any post-transaction remuneration to members of management will not
be a consideration in the Company's decision to undertake any proposed
transaction. Each member of management has agreed to disclose to the Company's
Board of Directors any discussions concerning possible compensation to be paid
to them by any entity which proposes to undertake a transaction with the Company
and further, to abstain from voting on such transaction. Therefore, as a
practical matter, if each member of the Company's Board of Directors is offered
compensation in any form from any prospective merger or acquisition candidate,
the proposed transaction will not be approved by the Company's Board of
Directors as a result of the inability of the Board to affirmatively approve
such a transaction.

It is possible that persons associated with management may refer a prospective
merger or acquisition candidate to the Company. In the event the Company
consummates a transaction with any entity referred by associates of management,
it is possible that such an associate will be compensated for their referral. It
is anticipated that this compensation would be either in the form of restricted
common stock issued by the Company as part of the terms of the proposed
transaction, or will be in the form of cash consideration. However, if such
compensation is in the form of cash, such payment will be tendered by the
acquisition or merger candidate, because the Company has minimal cash available.
The amount of such compensation, if any, cannot be determined as of the date of
this registration statement.

No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance programs or
other similar programs have been adopted by the Registrant for the benefit of
its employees.


                                    28 of 36
<PAGE>


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Principal Stockholders

The following table sets forth certain information as of March 20, 2009
regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company's common stock by (i) each
stockholder known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of
the Company's common stock, (ii) by each director and executive officer of the
Company and (iii) by all executive officer's and directors of the Company as a
group. Each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment
power with respect to common stock beneficially owned. Share numbers have been
adjusted to reflect the one-for-five reverse stock split effective March 20,
2009.

NAME AND ADDRESS                     NUMBER OF           PERCENTAGE
                                   SHARES OWNED          OF SHARES
                                   OR CONTROLLED           OWNED

Michael Friess                        886,992              40.00%
5353 Manhattan Circle Ste 101
Boulder, Colorado 80303

Sanford Schwartz                      886,992              40.00%
5353 Manhattan Circle Ste 101
Boulder, Colorado 80303

Chloe DiVita                                0               0.00%
5353 Manhattan Circle Ste 101
Boulder, Colorado 80303

All Officers and Directors          1,773,984              80.00%
as a Group

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

No officer, director, promoter, or affiliate of the Company has or proposes to
have any direct or indirect material interest in any asset that we propose to
acquire through security holdings, contracts, options, or otherwise.

We may pay any consulting or finder's fee for consulting services to assist
management in evaluating a prospective business opportunity in stock or in cash.
Any such issuance of stock would be made on an ad hoc basis. Accordingly, we are
unable to predict whether or in what amount such a stock issuance might be made.

We maintain our offices at the offices of our majority shareholders, for which
we pay no rent. We anticipate that following the consummation of a business
combination with an acquisition candidate, our office will be moved, but cannot
predict future office or facility arrangements with our officers, directors or
affiliates.

Although we have no current plans to do so, it is possible that we may enter
into an agreement with an acquisition candidate requiring the sale of all or a
portion of the common stock held by our current shareholders to the acquisition
candidate or principals thereof, or to other individuals or business entities,
or requiring some other form of payment to our current shareholders, or
requiring the future employment of specified officers and payment of salaries to


                                    29 of 36
<PAGE>


them. It is more likely than not that any sale of securities by our current
shareholders to an acquisition candidate would be at a price substantially
higher than that originally paid by such shareholders. Any payment to current
shareholders in the context of an acquisition in which we are involved would be
determined entirely by the largely unforeseeable terms of a future agreement
with an unidentified business entity.

On September 30, 2007, the Company issued 540,000 shares of its common stock to
two directors of the Company, (Sanford Schwartz and Michael Friess), for a
$6,116 cash payment. This resulted in a change in control in the Company. In
connection with the sale, the Company agreed to issue additional shares for cash
following the proposed increase in the Company's authorized capital stock
resulting in the two directors owning approximately 80% of the outstanding stock
of the Company. On January 12, 2009, the company completed a migratory merger
becoming PI Services, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and issued the remaining
1,233,984 shares due to Messrs Friess and Schwartz on January 31, 2009.

During the period ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, a related party
paid for expenses of the Company totaling $14,956 and $3,211, respectively. The
advances are uncollateralized, bear no interest and are due on demand.
Securities issued by blank check companies cannot be resold under Rule 144 so
long as the company remains a blank check company but must be registered under
the Securities Act of 1933. The Company has no obligation to register these or
any other shares under the Securities Act of 1933.

The proposed business activities described herein classify the Company as a
"blank check" company. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations
limiting the sale of securities of "blank check" companies in their respective
jurisdictions. Management does not intend at this time to undertake any efforts
to cause a market to develop in the Company's securities until such time as the
Company has successfully implemented its business plan described herein.

ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Audit Fees

The aggregate fees billed during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 for
professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit of our
annual financial statements were $12,000.

Audit Related Fees

The Company incurred no fees for the year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 for
audit related services by our principal accountant that were reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, and not
reported under Audit Fees above.

Tax Fees

The Company incurred no fees for professional services rendered by our principal
accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the year ended
December 31, 2008 and 2007.

All Other Fees

We did not incur any fees for other professional services rendered by our
independent auditors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007.


                                    30 of 36
<PAGE>


PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES

Exhibit Index

3.1      Articles of Incorporation with Amendments
3.2      Bylaws of the Company
4.1      Specimen Stock Certificate
31.1     Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer
31.2     Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer
32.1     Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer
32.2     Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer











                                    31 of 36
<PAGE>


SIGNATURES

In accordance with Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.



REGISTRANT                     PI SERVICES, INC.

(Date)                       March 24, 2009
BY(Signature)                /s/ Michael Friess
(Name and Title)             Michael Friess
                             President, Chief Executive Officer


(Date)                       March 24, 2009
BY(Signature)                /s/ Chloe DiVita
(Name and Title)             Chloe DiVita
                             Treasurer, Secretary and Chief
                             Financial Officer









                                    32 of 36

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>pi10k123108ex31.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION WITH AMENDMENTS
<TEXT>

Exhibit 3.1

                           ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                                       OF
                               PI SERVICES, INC.

       KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned desiring to be
incorporated as a Corporation in accordance with the taws of the State of
Nevada, hereby certifies and adopts the following Articles of Incorporation the
terms whereof have been agreed upon to be equally obligatory upon the party
signing this instrument and all others who may from time to time hereafter
become members of this Corporation and who may hold stock therein.

                                   ARTICLE I

       The name of the Corporation is: PI SERVICES, INC.

                                   ARTICLE II

       The name and address of the registered agent of the Corporation in the
State of Nevada is:

       National Registered Agents, Inc. of NV
       1000 East William, Suite 204
       Carson City, NV 89701

Principal and branch offices may hereinafter be established at such place or
places, either within or without the State of Nevada as may from time to time be
determined by the Board of Directors.

                                  ARTICLE III

The nature and purpose of this business shall be to conduct any lawful
activity governed by the laws of the State of Nevada.

                                   ARTICLE IV

       The authorized capital stock of this Corporation is 800,000,000 shares of
capital stock, consisting of 780,000,000 shares of common stock with full voting
rights and with a par value of $0.001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, with a par value of $0.001 per share (the "Preferred Stock").

       The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series
with such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or
other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as
shall be stated in the resolutions adopted by the Corporation's Board providing
for the issuance of such Preferred Stock or series thereof; and the Board is
hereby vested with authority to fix such designations, preferences and relative
participation, optional or other special rights or qualifications, limitations,
or restrictions for each series, including, but not by way limitation, the power
to fix the redemption and liquidation preferences, the rate of dividends payable
and the time for and the priority of payment thereof


<PAGE>


and to determine whether such dividends shall be cumulative or not and to
provide for and fix the terms of conversion of such Preferred Stock or any
series thereof into Common Stock of the Corporation and fix the voting power, if
any, of shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof.

       Pursuant to NRS 78.385 and NRS 78.390, any successor statutory
provisions, the Board is authorized to adopt a resolution to increase, decrease,
add, remove or otherwise alter any current or additional classes or series of
this Corporation's capital stock by a board resolution amending these Articles,
in the Board's sole discretion for increases or decreases of any class or series
of authorized stock where applicable pursuant to NRS 78.207 and any successor
statutory provision, or otherwise subject to the approval of the holders of at
least a majority of shares having voting rights, either in a special meeting or
the next annual meeting of shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where
any shares of any class or series would be materially and adversely affected by
such change, shareholder approval by the holders of at least a majority of such
adversely affected shares must also be obtained before filing an amendment with
the Office of the Secretary of State of Nevada. The capital stock of this
Corporation shall be non-assessable and shall not be subject to assessment to
pay the debts of the Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE V

       Members of the Board shall be known and styled as "Directors" and the
number thereof shall be one (1) and may be increased or decreased from time to
time pursuant to the Bylaws. The name and address of the first Board of
Directors is as follows:

                                 Michael Friess
                             5353 Manhattan Circle
                                   Suite 101
                            Boulder, Colorado 80303

       The number of members of the Board shall not be less than one (1) or more
than nine (9). The officers of the Corporation shall be a President, Secretary
and Treasurer. The Corporation may have such additional officers as may be
determined from time to time in accordance with the Bylaws. The officers shall
have the powers, perform the duties, and be appointed as may be determined in
accordance with the Bylaws and laws of the State of Nevada. Any person may hold
two (2) or more offices in this Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE VI

       The Corporation shall have perpetual succession by its corporate name and
shall have all the powers herein enumerated or implied herefrom and the powers
now provided or which may hereafter be provided by law for corporations in the
State of Nevada.

                                  ARTICLE VII

       No shareholder shall be liable for the debts of the Corporation beyond
the amount that may be due or unpaid upon any share or shares of stock of this
Corporation owned by that person.



                                      -2-
<PAGE>


                                  ARTICLE VIII

       Each shareholder entitled to vote at any election for Directors shall
have the right to vote, in person or by proxy, the number of shares owned by
such shareholder for each Director to be elected. Shareholders shall not be
entitled to cumulative voting rights.

                                   ARTICLE IX

       The Directors shall have the powers to make and alter the Bylaws of the
Corporation. Bylaws made by the Board under the powers so conferred may be
altered amended, or repealed by the Board or by the shareholders at any meeting
called and held or that purpose.

                                   ARTICLE X

       The Corporation specifically elects not to be governed by NRS 78.411 to
NRS 78.444, inclusive, and successor statutory provisions.

                                   ARTICLE XI

       The Corporation shall indemnify all Directors, officers, employees, and
agents to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law as provided within NRS
78.7502 and NRS 78.751 or any other law then in effect or as it may hereafter be
amended. The corporation shall indemnify each present and future Director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation who becomes a party or is
threatened, and whether said suit or proceeding is civil, criminal
administrative, investigative or otherwise, except and action by or in the right
of the Corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a Director, officer,
employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
the Corporation as a Director, officer, employee, or a gent of another
corporation, partnership , joint venture, trust, o other enterprise, against
expenses, including , but not limited to, attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection
with the action, suit, proceeding or settlement, provided such person acted in
good faith and in a manner which he reasonable believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interest of the Corporation, and with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.

       The expenses of Directors, officers, employees or agent of the
Corporation incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, or
proceeding may be paid by the Corporation as they are incurred and in advance of
the final disposition of the action, suit, or proceeding, if and only if the
Director, officer, employee or agent undertakes to repay said expenses to the
Corporation if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction,
after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, that he is not entitled to be
indemnified by the Corporation. No indemnification shall be applied, and any
advancement of expenses to or on behalf of any Director, officer, employee or
agent must be returned to the Corporation, if a final adjudication establishes
that person's acts or omissions involved a breach of any fiduciary duties, where
applicable, intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law
which was material to the cause of action.


                                      -3-

<PAGE>


                                  ARTICLE XII

       The name and address of the incorporator of this Corporation is:

                               Lindley S. Branson
                             80 South Eight Street
                                   Suite 500
                          Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned incorporator has executed these
Articles of Incorporation of PI SERVICES, INC. on July 21, 2008.





                                            /s/ Lindley S. Branson
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Lindley S. Branson, Incorporator









                                      -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pi10k123108ex32.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BYLAWS
<TEXT>

Exhibit 3.2

                                    BYLAWS OF
                                PI SERVICES, INC.

                               ARTICLE I: OFFICES

1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE The registered office shall be in the City of Carson City,
County of Carson City, State of Nevada.

1.2 ADDITIONAL OFFICES.. The corporation may also have offices at such other
places both within and without the State of Nevada as the Board of Directors may
from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

                       ARTICLE II: SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS

2.1      ANNUAL MEETINGS

         Regular meetings of the shareholders of this corporation may be held at
the discretion of the Board of Directors on an annual or less frequent periodic
basis on such date and at such time and place as may be designated by the Board
of Directors in the notice of meeting. At regular meetings the shareholders
shall elect a Board of Directors and transact such other business as may be
appropriate for action by shareholders. If a regular meeting of shareholders has
not been held for a period of fifteen (15) months, one or more shareholders
entitled to vote may call a regular meeting of shareholders by delivering to the
President or Treasurer a written demand for a regular meeting. Within thirty
(30) days after the receipt of such written demand by the President or
Treasurer, the Board of Directors shall cause a regular meeting of shareholders
to be called and held on notice no later than ninety (90) days after the receipt
of written demand, all at the expense of the corporation.

2.2      SPECIAL MEETINGS

         Special meetings of the shareholders for any purpose may be called at
any time by the President, or by the Board of Directors, or by any two or more
members thereof, or by one or more shareholders holding not less than twenty
percent (20%) of the voting power of the Corporation. Such meetings shall be
held at the principal office of the Corporation or at such other place within or
without the State of Nevada as may be designated in the notice of meeting. No
business shall be transacted at any special meeting of the shareholders except
as is specified in the notice calling for such special meeting.

2.3      NOTICE OF MEETINGS

         2.3.1 Notices of meetings, annual or special, to shareholders entitled
to vote shall be given in writing and signed by the President or a
Vice-President or the Secretary or the Assistant Secretary, or by any other
natural person designated by the Board of Directors.

         2.3.2 Such notices shall be sent to the shareholder's address appearing
on the books of the Corporation, or supplied by him to the Corporation for the
purpose of notice, not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before
such meeting. Such notice shall be deemed delivered, and the time of the notice
shall begin to run, upon being deposited in the mail.


<PAGE>


         2.3.3 Notice of any meeting of shareholders shall specify the place,
the day and the hour of the meeting, and in case of a special meeting shall
state the purpose(s) for which the meeting is called.

         2.3.4 When a meeting is adjourned to another time, date or place,
notice of the adjourned meeting need not be given if announced at the meeting at
which the adjournment is given.

         2.3.5 Any shareholder may waive notice of any meeting by a writing
signed by him, or his duly authorized attorney, either before or after the
meeting.

         2.3.6 No notice is required for matters handled by the consent of the
shareholders pursuant to NRS 78.320.

         2.3.7 No notice is required of the annual shareholders meeting, or
other notices, if two annual shareholder notices are returned to the corporation
undelivered pursuant to NRS 78.370(7).

2.4      CONSENT TO SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS AND ACTION WITHOUT MEETING

         2.4.1 Any meeting is valid wherever held by the written consent of all
persons entitled to vote thereat, given either before or after the meeting.

         2.4.2 The transactions of any meeting of shareholders, however called
and noticed, shall be valid as though if taken at a meeting duly held after
regular call and notice if a quorum be present either in person or by proxy, and
if, either before or after the meeting, each of the shareholders entitled to
vote, not present in person or by proxy, signs a written waiver of notice, or
consent to the holding of such meeting, or an approval of the minutes thereof.

         2.4.3 Any action that could be taken by the vote of shareholders at a
meeting, may be taken without a meeting if authorized by the written consent of
shareholders holding at least a majority of the voting power (NRS 78.320), and
any actions at meetings not regularly called shall be effective subject to the
ratification and approval provisions of NRS 78.325.

         2.4.4 All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the
corporate records, or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

2.5      QUORUM

         The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereat,
present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>


2.6      VOTING RIGHTS

         Except as may be otherwise provided in the Corporation's Articles of
Incorporation, Bylaws or by the Laws of the State of Nevada, each shareholder
shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of voting stock registered in
his name on the books of the Corporation, and the affirmative vote of a majority
of voting shares represented at a meeting and entitled to vote thereat shall be
necessary for the adoption of a motion or for the determination of all questions
and business which shall come before the meeting.

2.7      PROXIES

         Subject to the limitation of NRS 78.355, every person entitled to vote
or to execute consents may do so either in person or by proxy executed by the
person or by his duly authorized agent.

                       ARTICLE III: DIRECTORS - MANAGEMENT

3.1      POWERS

         Subject to the limitation of the Articles of Incorporation, of the
Bylaws and of the Laws of the State of Nevada as to action to be authorized or
approved by the shareholders, all corporate powers shall be exercised by or
under authority of, and the business and affairs of this Corporation shall be
controlled by, a Board of at least one (1) Director.

3.2      ELECTION AND TENURE OF OFFICE

         The number of Directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be
one (1)

         The number of Directors may from time to time be increased to not less
than one (1) nor more than nine (9) by action of the Board of Directors. The
Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of shareholders and except as
provided in Section 3.3 of this Article, each Director elected shall hold office
until his successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be
shareholders. A Director need not be a resident of the State of Nevada.

3.3      REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION

         3.3.1 Any Director may be removed either with or without cause, as
provided by NRS 78.335.

         3.3.2 Any Director may resign at any time by giving written notice to
the Board of Directors or to the President, or to the Secretary of the
Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt
of such notice or any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>


3.4      VACANCIES

         Vacancies in the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the
remaining Directors, though such action by less than a quorum or by a sole
remaining Director shall be adequate, and each Director so elected shall hold
office until his successor is elected at an annual meeting of shareholders or at
a special meeting called for that purpose. The shareholders may at any time
elect a Director to fill any vacancy not filled by the directors.

3.5      PLACE OF MEETINGS AND MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE

         Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place within or
without the State of Nevada that has been designated by the Board of Directors.
In the absence of such designation, meetings shall be held at the principal
office of the Corporation. Any meeting, regular or special, may be held by
conference telephone or similar communication equipment, and all such Directors
shall be deemed to be present in person at the meeting, so long as all Directors
participating in the meeting can hear one another.

3.6      ANNUAL ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS

         The annual organizational meetings of the Board of Directors shall be
held immediately following the adjournment of the annual meetings of the
shareholders. No notice of such meetings need be given.

3.7      OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS

         There shall be no requirement for the Board of Directors to hold
regular meetings, other than the annual organizational meeting.

3.8      SPECIAL MEETINGS - NOTICES

         3.8.1 Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose shall
be called at any time by the President or if he is absent or unable or refuses
to act, by any Vice President or by any two Directors.

         3.8.2 Written notice of the time and place of special meetings of the
Board of Directors shall be delivered personally to each Director or sent to
each Director by mail or other form of written communication at least
forty-eight (48) hours before the meeting. Notice of the time and place of
holding an adjourned meeting need not be given to absent Directors if the time
and place are fixed at the meeting adjourned.

3.9      CONSENT TO DIRECTORS MEETINGS AND ACTION WITHOUT MEETING

         3.9.1 Any meeting is valid wherever held by the written consent of all
persons entitled to vote thereat, given either before or after the meeting.

         3.9.2 The transactions of any meetings of the Board of Directors,
however called and noticed or wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at
a meeting duly held after regular call and notice if all the Directors are
present, or if a quorum is present and either before or after the meeting, each
of the Directors not present signs a written waiver of notice, a consent to the
holding of the meeting, or an approval of the minutes thereof.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>


         3.9.3 Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of
Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board shall
individually or collectively consent in writing to such action. Such action by
written consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the
Board of Directors.

         3.9.4 All such waivers, consents, or approvals shall be filed with the
Corporate records or made part of the minutes of the meeting.

3.10     QUORUM AND VOTING RIGHTS

         So long as the Board of Directors is composed of one or two Directors,
one of the authorized Directors constitutes a quorum for the transaction of
business. If there are three or more Directors, a majority thereof shall
constitute a quorum. Except as may be otherwise provided in the Corporation's
Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or by the Laws of the State of Nevada, the
affirmative vote of a majority of Directors represented at a meeting and
entitled to vote thereat shall be necessary for the adoption of a motion or
resolution or for the determination of all questions and business which shall
come before the meeting.

3.11     COMPENSATION

         Directors may receive such reasonable compensation for their services
as Directors and such reimbursement for expenses incurred in attending meetings
as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. No
such payment shall preclude a Director from serving in any other capacity and
receiving compensation therefor.

                              ARTICLE IV: OFFICERS

4.1      OFFICERS

         The Board of Directors shall appoint a President, a Secretary and a
Treasurer. The Board of Directors, in their discretion, may also appoint a Chair
of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, one or more
Vice Presidents and such other officers and assistant officers as they shall
from time to time deem proper. Any two or more offices may be held by the same
person. The Board may choose not to fill any of the other officer positions for
any period.

4.2      APPOINTMENT AND TERM OF OFFICE

         The officers of the corporation shall be appointed by the Board of
Directors at the first meeting of the Directors. If the appointment of officers
shall not be held at such meeting, such appointment shall be held as soon
thereafter as conveniently may be. Each officer shall hold office until a
successor shall have been duly appointed and qualified or until the officer's
death or until the officer resigns or is removed in the manner hereinafter
provided.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>


4.3      REMOVAL

         Any officer or agent appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed
by the Board of Directors at any time with or without cause, but such removal
shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so
removed.

4.4      VACANCIES

         A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification, or otherwise, may be filled by the Board of Directors.

4.5      CHAIR OF THE BOARD

         The Chair of the Board, if there be such an office, shall, if present,
preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and meetings of the
shareholders, and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be
from time to time assigned to the Chair by the Board of Directors. In the event
that there is no Chair of the Board designated or present, the Secretary of the
Board of Directors shall preside over the meeting, or if there is no Secretary
of the Board of Directors designated or present at the meeting, the Directors
present at any meeting of the Board of Directors shall designate a Director of
their choosing to serve as temporary chair to preside over the meeting.

4.6      CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

         Subject to the control of the Board of Directors and such supervisory
powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to another person or
persons, the powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer shall be: To act
as the general manager and, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, to
have general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of
the Corporation; To see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of
Directors are carried into effect; To maintain records of and, whenever
necessary, certify all proceedings of the Board of Directors and the
shareholders; and To affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds,
conveyances, mortgages, guarantees, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and
other papers and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board
of Directors or which, in the judgment of the Chief Executive Officer, should be
executed on behalf of the Corporation; to sign certificates for the
Corporation's shares; and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors,
to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and
control all officers, agents and employees of the corporation.

4.7      CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OR TREASURER

         Subject to the control of the Board of Directors and such supervisory
powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to another person or
persons, the powers and duties of the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer shall
be to: keep accurate financial records for the Corporation; deposit all money,


                                      -6-
<PAGE>


drafts and checks in the name of and to the credit of the Corporation in the
banks and depositories designated by the board of directors; endorse for deposit
all notes, checks, drafts received by the Corporation as ordered by the Board of
Directors, making proper vouchers therefore; disburse corporate funds and issue
checks and drafts in the name of the Corporation, as ordered by the Board of
Directors; render to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors,
whenever requested, an account of all transactions by the Chief Financial
Officer and the financial condition of the Corporation; and perform all other
duties prescribed by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.

4.8      PRESIDENT

         Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the President
shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. If an officer other
than the President is designated as the Chief Executive Officer, the President
shall perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of
Directors. The President shall have the duty to call meetings of the
shareholders or Board of Directors, as set forth in Section 3.8.1, above, to be
held at such times and, subject to the limitations prescribed by law or by these
Bylaws, at such places as the President shall deem proper.

4.9      VICE PRESIDENTS

         In the absence of the President or in the event of the President's
death, inability or refusal to act, the Vice President (or in the event there
shall be more than one Vice President, the Vice Presidents in the order
designated at the time of their appointment, or in the absence of any
designation then in the order of their appointment) shall perform the duties of
the President, and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to
all the restrictions upon the President; and shall perform such other duties as
from time to time may be assigned to the Vice President by the President or by
the Board of Directors. In the event there are no Vice Presidents, the Board of
Directors may designate a member of the Board of Directors or another officer of
the Corporation to serve in such capacity until a new President is appointed.

4.10     SECRETARY

         The Secretary shall: (a) prepare the minutes of the shareholders' and
Board of Directors' meetings and keep them in one or more books provided for
that purpose; (b) authenticate such records of the Corporation as shall from
time to time be required; (c) see that all notices are duly given in accordance
with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (d) be custodian of
the corporate records and of the corporate seal, if any, and see that the seal
of the Corporation, if any, is affixed to all documents the execution of which
on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized; (e) keep a
register of the post office address of each shareholder; (f) if requested, sign
with the President certificates for shares of the Corporation, the issuance of
which shall have been authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors; (g)
have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation; and (h) in
general perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other
duties as from time to time may be assigned to the Secretary by the Chief
Executive Officer or the Board of Directors.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>


4.11     DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY

         The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers of any
officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof,
except as may be prohibited by law.

4.12     COMPENSATION

         Officers shall be awarded such reasonable compensation for their
services and provisions made for their expenses incurred in attending to and
promoting the business of the Corporation as may be fixed from time to time by
resolution of the Board of Directors.

                              ARTICLE V: COMMITTEES

         The Board of Directors may appoint and prescribe the duties of an
executive committee and such other committees, as it may from time to time deem
appropriate. Such committees shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board.

                  ARTICLE VI: RECORDS AND REPORTS - INSPECTION

6.1      INSPECTION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS

         All books and records provided for by Nevada Revised Statutes shall be
open to inspection of the directors and shareholders to the extent provided by
such statutes. (NRS 78.105)

6.2      CERTIFICATION AND INSPECTION OF BYLAWS

         The original or a copy of these Bylaws, as amended or otherwise altered
to date, certified by the Secretary, shall be open to inspection by the
shareholders of the company in the manner provided by law.

6.3      CHECKS, DRAFTS, ETC.

         All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other
evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation,
shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as
shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.

6.4      ANNUAL REPORT

         No annual report to shareholders shall be required; but the Board of
Directors may cause to be sent to the shareholders annual or other reports in
such form as may be deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.


                                      -8-
<PAGE>


                        ARTICLE VII: AMENDMENTS TO BYLAWS

         New Bylaws may be adopted or these Bylaws may be repealed or amended by
a vote or the written assent of either shareholders entitled to exercise a
majority of the voting power of the Corporation, or by a majority of the number
of Directors authorized to conduct the business of the Corporation.

                          ARTICLE VIII: CORPORATE SEAL

         This Corporation shall have the power to adopt and use a common seal or
stamp, and to alter the same, at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The use
or nonuse of a seal or stamp, whether or not adopted, shall not be necessary to,
nor shall it in any way effect, the legality, validity or enforceability of any
corporate action or document (NRS 78.065)

                        ARTICLE IX: CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

9.1      FORM

         Certificates for shares shall be of such form and device as the Board
of Directors may designate and shall state the name of the record holder of the
shares represented thereby, its number; date of issuance; the number of shares
for which it is issued; a statement of the rights, privileges, preferences and
restrictions, if any; and statement of liens or restrictions upon transfer or
voting, if any; and, if the shares be assessable, or, if assessments are
collectible by personal action, a plain statement of such facts.

9.2      EXECUTION

         Every certificate for shares must be signed by the President or the
Secretary or must be authenticated by facsimile of the signature of the
President or Secretary. Before it becomes effective, every certificate for
shares authenticated by a facsimile of a signature must be countersigned by an
incorporated bank or trust company, either domestic or foreign as registrar of
transfers.

9.3      TRANSFER

         Upon surrender to the Secretary or transfer agent of the Corporation of
a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper evidence of
succession, assignment or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the
Corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel
the old certificate, and record the transaction upon its books.

9.4      LOST OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES

         Any person claiming a certificate of stock to be lost or destroyed
shall make an affidavit or affirmation of that fact and advertise the same in
such manner as the Board of Directors may require and shall, if the Directors so
require, give the Corporation a bond of indemnity, in form and with one or more
sureties satisfactory to the Board, in at least double the value of the stock
represented by said certificate, whereupon a new certificate may be issued of
the same tenor and for the same number of shares as the one alleged to be lost
or destroyed.


                                      -9-
<PAGE>


9.5      TRANSFER AGENTS AND REGISTRARS

         The Board of Directors may appoint one or more transfer agents or
transfer clerks, and one or more registrars, which shall be an incorporated bank
or trust company, either domestic or foreign, who shall be appointed at such
times and places as the requirements of the Corporation may necessitate and the
Board of Directors may designate.

9.6      CLOSING STOCK TRANSFER BOOKS

         The Board of Directors may close the transfer books in their discretion
for a period not exceeding the sixty (60) days preceding any meeting, annual or
special, of the shareholders, or the date appointed for the payment of a
dividend.


                            CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY

I, Chloe DiVita, the undersigned, the duly elected and acting Secretary of PI
Services, Inc., do hereby certify that the above and foregoing Bylaws were
adopted as the Bylaws of said Corporation as of the 22nd day of July 2008 by the
Directors of said Corporation.


                                                  /s/ Chloe DiVita   , Secretary
                                                ---------------------




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pi10k123108ex41.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SPECIMEN STOCK CERTIFICATE
<TEXT>

Exhibit 4.1

                        NAME CHANGED TO PI SERVICES, INC.
                       Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd.
              INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA
                AUTHORIZED: 5,000,000 COMMON SHARES, NO PAR VALUE

      NUMBER                                                        SHARES



This Certifies That                                            SEE REVERSE FOR
                                    SPECIMEN                 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
                                                             ___________________

  Is The Owner Of                                              CUSIP 719411100
                                                             ___________________
                                                                  NEW CUSIP
                                                                  69339A104


          FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE COMMON SHARES, NO PAR VALUE OF

                       Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd.

transferable on the books of this Corporation in person or by attorney upon
surrender of this Certificate duly endorsed or assigned. This Certificate and
the shares represented hereby are subject to the laws of the Stated of
Minnesota, and to the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Corporation,
as now or hereafter amended. This Certificate is not valid until countersigned
by the Transfer Agent.

     In Witness Whereof, the Corporation has caused this Certificate to be
signed by the facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers and to be
sealed with the facsimile seal of the Corporation.


Dated:

                       Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd.
                            [CORPORATE SEAL OMITTED]
                                    MINNESOTA
______________________                                    ______________________
      PRESIDENT                                                 SECRETARY



                      COUNTERSIGNED:
                      CORPORATE STOCK TRANSFER, INC.
                      3200 Cherry Creek Drive South, Suite 430, Denver, CO 80209

                      By _______________________________________________________
                             Transfer Agent and Registrar Authorized Officer


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       Physicians Insurance Services, Ltd.
                         Corporate Stock Transfer, Inc.
                           Transfer Fee: As Required


                                    SPECIMEN
________________________________________________________________________________
  The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this
certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations:
<S>                                         <C>
TEN COM  -- as tenants in common            UNIF GIFT MIN ACT- .............. Custodian for ..............
                                                                   (Cust.)                     (Minor)
TEN ENT  -- as tenants by the entireties                under Uniform Gifts to Minors

JT TEN   -- as joint tenants with right of              Act of ...........................................
            survivorship and not as                                             (State)
            tenants in common
</TABLE>
    Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.


For value received .......................hereby sell, assign and transfer unto

                     PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER
                         IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE
              _____________________________________________________
             |                                                     |
             |                                                     |
             |_____________________________________________________|

                Please print or type name and address of assignee

.................................................................................

.................................................................................

.................................................................................

...........................................................................Shares
of the Common Stock represented by the within Certificate and do hereby
irrevocably constitute and appoint

.................................................................................

.................................................................................
Attorney to transfer the said stock on the books of the within-named
Corporation, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated ................20........


SIGNATURE GUARANTEED:                           X_______________________________

                                                X_______________________________


THE SIGNATURE TO THIS  ASSIGNMENT  MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS WRITTEN UPON
THE  FACE OF  THIS  CERTIFICATE  IN  EVERY  PARTICULAR,  WITHOUT  ALTERATION  OR
ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATSOEVER.  THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN
ELIGIBLE  GUARANTOR   INSTITUTION   (Banks,   Stockbrokers,   Savings  and  Loan
Associations  and  Credit  Unions)  WITH  MEMBERSHIP  IN AN  APPROVED  SIGNATURE
GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pi10k123108ex311.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
<TEXT>


Exhibit 31.1

                                  Certification

I, Michael Friess, certify that:

     1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PI Services, Inc.;

     2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
          statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
          necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
          under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
          the period covered by this report;

     3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
          information included in this report, fairly present in all material
          respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
          of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
          report;

     4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
          establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
          defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
          control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
          13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

          a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this annual report is being prepared;

          b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
          caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
          under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;

          c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
          controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
          about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
          of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
          evaluation; and

          d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting;

     5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
          based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
          reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
          registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
          functions):

          a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
          design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
          are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

          b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
          other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
          internal control over financial reporting.


                   Date: March 24, 2009             /s/ Michael Friess
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                    Michael Friess
                                                    President,
                                                    Chief Executive Officer



                                    33 of 36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pi10k123108ex312.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
<TEXT>


Exhibit 31.2

                                 Certification

I, Chloe DiVita, certify that:

     1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PI Services, Inc.;

     2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
          statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
          necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
          under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
          the period covered by this report;

     3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
          information included in this report, fairly present in all material
          respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
          of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
          report;

     4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
          establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
          defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
          control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
          13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

          a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this annual report is being prepared;

          b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
          caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
          under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;

          c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
          controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
          about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
          of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
          evaluation; and

          d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting;

     5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
          based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
          reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
          registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
          functions):

          a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
          design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
          are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

          b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
          other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
          internal control over financial reporting.


                   Date: March 24, 2009             /s/ Chloe DiVita
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                    Chloe DiVita
                                                    Treasurer, Secretary, and
                                                    Chief  Financial Officer



                                    34 of 36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pi10k123108ex321.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
<TEXT>

Exhibit 32.1

                CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                       AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
                        OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of PI Services, Inc. (the "Company") on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,2008, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned hereby
certify that to the best of my knowledge:

1.   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.   Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement this March 24,
2009.

                                                   /s/ Michael Friess
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                   Michael Friess
                                                   President,
                                                   Chief Executive Officer


A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to PI Services, Inc. and will be retained by PI Services, Inc. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to ss.18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing.











                                    35 of 36

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>pi10k123108ex322.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
<TEXT>


Exhibit 32.2

                CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                       AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
                        OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of PI Services, Inc. (the "Company") on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,2008, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned hereby
certify that to the best of my knowledge:

1.   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.   Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement this March 24,
2009.

                                                   /s/ Chloe DiVita
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                   Chloe DiVita
                                                   Treasurer, Secretary, and
                                                   Chief  Financial Officer


A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to PI Services, Inc. and will be retained by PI Services, Inc. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to ss.18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing.





                                    36 of 36


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
