<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1994 FORM 10K
<TEXT>

<PAGE> 1

                         SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, D.C. 20549

                                     FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
   [X]          ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                   SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]

                    For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1994

   [ ]        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

Commission file number 1-6152
                         THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
          NEW YORK                                        13-2614959
(State or other jurisdiction of                           (I.R.S. employer
incorporation or organization)                             identification no.)

48 Wall Street, New York, New York                        10286
(Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (212) 495-1784

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                         Name of each exchange
          Title of each class                              on which registered
          -------------------                          -----------------------
Common Stock, $7.50 par value                          NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE
8.60% Cumulative Preferred Stock                       NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE
Preferred Stock Purchase Rights                        NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE
Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2001           NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

          Title of each class
          -------------------
Warrants to Purchase Common Stock
Class A, 7.75% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days     Yes    X   No                
                                                     -----      -----
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K.      [X]

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant at February 28, 1995 consisted of:

Common Stock ($7.50 par value)                       $6,301,003,576
                                                  (based on closing price
                                                 on New York Stock Exchange)

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common Stock $7.50 par
value was 188,089,659 shares on February 28, 1995.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders are incorporated by
reference into Parts I, II, and IV.  Portions of the definitive Proxy
Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 1995 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III.

<PAGE> 2

PART I
------
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
-----------------

     The business of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. (the "Company") and
its subsidiaries is described in the "Business Review" section of the
Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders which description is included in
Exhibit 13 to this report and incorporated herein by reference.  Also, the
"Management's Discussion and Analysis" section included in Exhibit 13 contains
financial and statistical information on the operations of the Company.  Such
information is herein incorporated by reference.

COMPETITION

     The retail and commercial businesses in which the Company operates are
very competitive.  Competition is provided by both unregulated and regulated
financial services organizations, whose products and services span the local,
national, and global markets in which the Company conducts operations.

     Savings banks, savings and loan associations, and credit unions actively
compete for deposits, and money market funds and brokerage houses offer
deposit-like services.  These institutions, as well as consumer and commercial
finance companies, national retail chains, factors, insurance companies and
pension trusts, are important competitors for various types of loans.  Issuers
of commercial paper compete actively for funds and reduce demand for bank
loans.  For personal and corporate trust services and investment counseling
services, insurance companies, investment counseling firms, and other business
firms and individuals offer active competition.

CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS

General

     As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to the regulation and
supervision of the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act
("BHC Act").  The Company is also subject to regulation by the New York State
Department of Banking.  Under the BHC Act, bank holding companies may not
directly or indirectly acquire the ownership or control of more than 5% of the
voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any company, including a
bank, without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board.  In addition,
bank holding companies are generally prohibited under the BHC Act from
engaging in nonbanking activities, subject to certain exceptions.

     The Company's subsidiary banks are subject to supervision and examination
by applicable federal and state banking agencies.  The Bank of New York
("BNY") is a state-chartered New York banking corporation and a member of the
Federal Reserve System and is subject to regulation and supervision
principally by the Federal Reserve Board.  The Bank of New York (Delaware)
("BNY Del.") is a Delaware chartered FDIC insured non-member bank and
therefore is subject to regulation and supervision principally by the FDIC. 
The Bank of New York National Association ("BNYNA") is organized as a national
association under the laws of the United States and therefore is subject to
regulation and supervision principally by the Comptroller of the Currency
("Comptroller").

<PAGE> 3

Capital Adequacy

     Bank regulators have adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank
holding companies and banks.  The minimum ratio of qualifying total capital to
risk-weighted assets (including certain off-balance sheet items) is 8%.  At
least half of the total capital is to be comprised of common stock, retained
earnings, noncumulative perpetual preferred stocks, minority interests and for
bank holding companies, a limited amount of qualifying cumulative perpetual
preferred stock, less certain intangibles including goodwill ("Tier I
capital").  The remainder ("Tier II capital") may consist of other preferred
stock, certain other instruments, and limited amounts of subordinated debt and
the loan and lease loss allowance.

     In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has established minimum Leverage
Ratio (Tier I capital to average total assets) guidelines for bank holding
companies and banks.  These guidelines provide for a minimum leverage ratio of
3% for bank holding companies and banks that meet certain specified criteria,
including that they have the highest regulatory rating.  All other banking
organizations will be required to maintain a leverage ratio of 3% plus an
additional cushion of at least 100 to 200 basis points.  The guidelines also
provide that banking organizations experiencing internal growth or making
acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions
substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant
reliance on intangible assets.  Furthermore, the guidelines indicate that the
Federal Reserve Board will continue to consider a "Tangible Tier I Leverage
Ratio" in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities.  The Tangible
Tier I Leverage Ratio is the ratio of Tier I capital, less intangibles not
deducted from Tier I capital, to average total assets.  The Federal Reserve
Board has not advised the Company of any specific minimum leverage ratio
applicable to it.

     Federal banking agencies have proposed regulations that would modify
existing rules related to risk-based and leverage capital ratios.  The Company
does not believe that the aggregate impact of these modifications would have a
significant impact on its capital position.

     Bank regulators continue to indicate their desire to raise capital
requirements applicable to banking organizations beyond their current levels. 
However, management is unable to predict whether and when higher capital
requirements would be imposed and, if so, at what level and on what schedule.

FDICIA

     The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
("FDICIA"), substantially revised the depository institution regulatory and
funding provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA") and made
revisions to several other federal banking statutes.  Among other things,
FDICIA requires the federal banking regulators to take prompt corrective
action in respect of FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet
minimum capital requirements.  FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: "well
capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly
undercapitalized" and "critically undercapitalized."  Under applicable
regulations, an FDIC-insured bank is defined to be well capitalized if it
maintains a Leverage Ratio of at least 5%, a Tier I Capital Ratio of at least
6% and a Total Capital Ratio of at least 10% and is not otherwise in a
"troubled condition" as specified by its appropriate federal regulatory
agency.  A bank is generally considered to be adequately capitalized if it is
not defined to be well capitalized but meets all of its minimum capital
requirements, i.e., if it has a Total Capital Ratio of 8% or greater, a Tier I
Capital Ratio of 4% or greater and a Leverage Ratio of 4% or greater.  A bank
will be considered undercapitalized if it fails to meet any minimum required
measure, significantly undercapitalized if it is significantly below such
measure and critically undercapitalized if it maintains a level of tangible
equity capital equal to or less than 2% of total assets.  A bank may be deemed
to be in a capitalization category that is lower than is indicated by its
actual capital position if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating.

<PAGE> 4

     FDICIA generally prohibits an FDIC-insured depository institution from
making any capital distribution (including payment of dividends) or paying any
management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would
thereafter be undercapitalized.  Undercapitalized depository institutions are
subject to restrictions on borrowing from the Federal Reserve System.  In
addition, undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to growth
limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans.  For an
undercapitalized depository institution's capital restoration plan to be
acceptable, its holding company must guarantee the capital plan up to an
amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the depository institution's assets at the
time it becomes undercapitalized or the amount of the capital deficiency when
the institution fails to comply with the plan.  In the event of the parent
holding company's bankruptcy, such guarantee would take priority over the
parent's general unsecured creditors.  The federal banking agencies may not
accept a capital plan without determining, among other things, that the plan
is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the
depository institution's capital.  If a depository institution fails to submit
an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized.

     Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be subject to
a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient
voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total
assets and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. 
Critically undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to appointment
of a receiver or conservator.

     The Company's significant banking subsidiaries are well capitalized.

     The table below indicates capital ratios of the Company and its
significant banking subsidiaries at December 31, 1994 and 1993 and the
respective guidelines for well capitalized institutions under FDICIA.

              December 31, 1994            December 31, 1993
 
                         BNY                          BNY
         Company   BNY   Del.  BNYNA  Company   BNY   Del.  BNYNA
         -------   ---   ----  -----  -------   ---   ----  -----     Well
                                                                   Capitalized
                                                                    Guidelines
                                                                   -----------

Tier I     8.45%  8.26%  7.27% 18.04%   8.87%  8.21%  7.53% 13.90%      6%
Total
 Capital  13.43  12.36  11.34   19.30  13.65  12.82  11.00  15.17      10 
Leverage   7.89   7.28   7.72    8.58   7.99   7.22   8.09   6.43       5 
Tangible
 Common
 Equity    7.39   7.66   7.28    8.76   7.00   7.74   7.87   6.48

     At December 31, 1994, the amounts of capital by which the Company and its
significant banking subsidiaries exceed the guidelines are as follows:

                                      Well Capitalized 
               
                                                   BNY               
                                  Company   BNY    Del.   BNYNA
(in millions)                     -------   ---    ----   -----

    Tier I                         $1,167  $839    $ 97    $247
    Total Capital                   1,634   877     103     191
    Leverage                        1,475   961     196     155

<PAGE> 5

     The following table presents the components of the Company's risk-based
capital at December 31, 1994 and 1993:

(in millions)
                                                 1994             1993
                                                 ----             ----
Common Stock                                   $4,234            $3,778
Preferred Stock                                   119               294
Less: Intangibles                                 329               317
                                                -----            ------
Tier 1 Capital                                  4,024             3,755

Qualifying Long-term Debt                       1,774             1,489
Qualifying Allowance for Loan Losses              597               534
                                               ------            ------
Tier 2 Capital                                  2,371             2,023
                                               ------            ------
Total Risk-based Capital                       $6,395            $5,778
                                               ======            ======

     The following table presents the components of the Company's risk
adjusted assets at December 31, 1994 and 1993:
                                              1994                1993
                                        ------------------  ------------------
                                        Balance             Balance
                                        sheet/    Risk      sheet/    Risk
                                        notional  adjusted  notional  adjusted
(in millions)                            amount    balance   amount    balance
                                        --------  --------  --------  --------
Assets
------
Cash, Due From Banks and Interest-
  Bearing Deposits in Banks              $ 3,895   $   567   $ 4,780   $   318
Securities                                 4,651       671     5,597       571
Trading Assets                               940       124     1,325       270
Fed Funds Sold and Securities
  Purchased Under Resale Agreements        3,019         3        36         5
Loans                                     33,083    30,814    30,570    27,954
Allowance for Loan Losses                   (792)        -      (970)        -
Other Assets                               4,083     3,273     4,208     3,425
                                         -------   -------   -------   -------
Total Assets                             $48,879    35,452   $45,546    32,543
                                         =======   -------   =======   -------
Off-Balance Sheet Exposures
---------------------------
Commitments to Extend Credit            $ 37,771     7,520  $ 30,877     6,167
Securities Lending Indemnifications       15,326         -    15,005         -
Standby Letters of Credit and
   Other Guarantees                        7,240     4,515     5,699     3,685
Interest Rate Contracts                   28,632        81    36,834       145
Foreign Exchange Contracts                51,021       236    39,878       225
                                        --------   -------  --------   -------
Total Off-Balance Sheet Exposures       $139,990    12,352  $128,293    10,222
                                        ========   -------  ========   -------
Gross Risk Adjusted Assets                          47,804              42,765

Less: Allowance for Loan Losses not
      Qualifying as Risk Based Capital                 195                 436
                                                   -------             -------
Risk Adjusted Assets                               $47,609             $42,329
                                                   =======             =======
     
<PAGE> 6     
     
     A discussion of the Company's capital position is incorporated by
reference from the caption "Capital Resources" in the "Management's Discussion
and Analysis" section of Exhibit 13.

Brokered Deposits

     The FDIC has adopted regulations under FDICIA governing the receipt of
brokered deposits.  Under the regulations, a bank cannot accept, rollover or
renew brokered deposits unless (i) it is well capitalized or (ii) it is
adequately capitalized and receives a waiver from the FDIC.  A bank that
cannot receive brokered deposits also cannot offer "pass-through" insurance on
certain employee benefit accounts.  Whether or not it has obtained such a
waiver, an adequately capitalized bank may not pay an interest rate on any
deposits in excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates
specified by regulation.  There are no such restrictions on a bank that is
well capitalized.  Because BNY and BNY Del. are well capitalized, the Company
believes the brokered deposits regulation will have no material effect on the
funding or liquidity of BNY and BNY Del.  BNYNA is well capitalized, but has
no brokered deposits.

FDIC Insurance Assessments

     BNY, BNY Del., and BNYNA are subject to FDIC deposit insurance
assessments.  As required by FDICIA, the FDIC adopted a risk-based premium
schedule to determine the assessment rates for most FDIC-insured depository
institutions.  Under the schedule, the premiums initially range from $.23 to
$.31 for every $100 of deposits.  Each financial institution is assigned to
one of three capital groups --- well capitalized, adequately capitalized, or
undercapitalized --- and further assigned to one of three subgroups within a
capital group, on the basis of supervisory evaluations by the institution's
primary federal and, if applicable, state supervisors and other information
relevant to the institution's financial condition and the risk posed to the
applicable insurance fund.  The actual assessment rate applicable to a
particular institution will, therefore, depend in part upon the risk
assessment classification so assigned to the institution by the FDIC.  In
February 1995, the FDIC issued a proposal to change the premium range from
$.04 to $0.31 for every $100 of deposits.  If implemented, this proposal would
result in a significant reduction in FDIC insurance assessments of BNY, BNY
Delaware and BNYNA.

     The FDIC is authorized to raise insurance premiums in certain
circumstances.  Any increase in premiums would have an adverse effect on the
Company's earnings.  

     Under the FDIA, insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon
a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is
in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any
applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by a bank's
federal regulatory agency.

Depositor Preference

     The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 provides for a national
depositor preference on amounts realized from the liquidation or other
resolution of any depository institution insured by the FDIC.  That act
requires claims to be paid in the following order of priority: the receiver's
administrative expenses; deposits; other general or senior liabilities of the
institution; obligations subordinated to depositors or general creditors; and
obligations to shareholders.  Under an FDIC interim rule, which became
effective August 13, 1993, "administrative expenses of the receiver" are
defined as those incurred by the receiver in liquidating or resolving the
affairs of a failed insured depository institution.  

<PAGE> 7

Acquisitions

     The BHC Act generally limits acquisitions by the Company to commercial
banks and companies engaged in activities that the Federal Reserve Board has
determined to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident
thereto.  The Company's direct activities are generally limited to furnishing
to its subsidiaries services that qualify under the "closely related" and
"proper incident" tests.  Prior Federal Reserve Board approval is required
under the BHC Act for new activities and acquisitions of most nonbanking
companies.

     The BHC Act, the Federal Bank Merger Act, and the New York Banking Law
regulate the acquisition of commercial banks.  The BHC Act requires the prior
approval of the Federal Reserve Board for the direct or indirect acquisition
of more than 5% of the voting shares of a commercial bank.  The BHC Act
generally prohibits the acquisition of a domestic bank located outside the
Company's state of principal operations, New York State, unless authorized by
the law of the state of the target bank.  Most states have enacted interstate
banking laws that permit the Company to acquire banks located in their states,
but some states (particularly in the Southeast) presently do not permit entry
by New York bank holding companies.  The New York Banking Law requires state
regulatory approval before the Company can acquire more than 5% of the voting
shares of a commercial bank in New York.

     The Riegle-Neal Interstate banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994
which was enacted in September, 1994, authorizes (i) bank holding companies to
engage in interstate acquisitions of banks beginning one year after the date
of its enactment, (ii) interstate branching through interstate bank mergers
beginning June 1, 1997 (subject to the ability of states to "opt-in" and
thereby permit such mergers earlier or to "opt-out" and thereby prohibit
them), (iii) de novo interstate branching provided that such action is
specifically authorized by the law of the state in which the branch is to be
located and (iv) banks to receive deposits, close and service loans, and
receive payments on loans and other obligations as agent for a bank affiliate
in the same or a different state beginning September 29, 1995.  One effect of
this legislation, subject to the state authority described above, will be to
permit the Company to merge two or more of its banking subsidiaries which, as
a result, may create greater efficiency in its operations.

     The merger of BNY with another bank would require the approval of the
Federal Reserve Board or other federal bank regulatory authority and, if the
surviving bank is a state bank, the New York Superintendent of Banks.  With
respect to BNYNA, the approval of the Comptroller is required for branching of
national banks, purchasing the assets of other banks and for bank mergers in
which the continuing bank is a national bank.

     In reviewing bank acquisition and merger applications, the bank
regulatory authorities will consider, among other things, the competitive
effect and public benefits of the transactions, the capital position of the
combined organization, and the applicant's record under the Community
Reinvestment Act.

     Under Federal Reserve Board policy, the Company is expected to act as a
source of financial strength to its banks and to commit resources to support
such banks in circumstances where it might not do so absent such policy.  In
addition, any loans by the Company to its banks would be subordinate in right
of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of its banks.

Regulated Banking Subsidiaries

     As a New York State chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve
System, BNY is subject to the supervision of, and is regularly examined by,
the New York State Banking Department and the Federal Reserve Board.  As a
bank insured by the FDIC, BNY is also subject to examination by that agency. 
BNY Del. is subject to the supervision of, and is regularly examined by, the
FDIC and the Office of State Bank Commissioner of the State of Delaware. 
BNYNA is a national bank subject to the regulation and supervision of, and
regular examination by, the Comptroller and subject to regulations of the FDIC
and Federal Reserve Board.

<PAGE> 8

     Both federal and state laws extensively regulate various aspects of the
banking business, such as permissible types and amounts of loans and
investments, permissible activities, and reserve requirements.  These
regulations are intended primarily for the protection of depositors rather
than the Company's stockholders.

Restrictions on Transfer of Funds

     Restrictions on the transfer of funds to the Company are discussed in
Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Exhibit 13.  Such
discussion is incorporated herein by reference.

FIRREA

     A depository institution insured by the FDIC can be held liable for any
loss incurred by, or reasonably expected to be incurred by, the FDIC in
connection with (i) the default of a commonly controlled institution or (ii)
any assistance provided by the FDIC to a commonly controlled, FDIC-insured
depository institution in danger of default.  "Default" is defined generally
as the appointment of a conservator or receiver, and "in danger of default" is
defined generally as the existence of certain conditions indicating that a
"default" is likely to occur in the absence of regulatory assistance.

GOVERNMENT MONETARY POLICIES

     The Federal Reserve Board has the primary responsibility for monetary
policy; accordingly, its actions have an important influence on the demand for
credit and investments and the level of interest rates.

<PAGE> 9

ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average Balances and Rates on a Taxable Equivalent Basis (dollars in millions)
                      1994                  1993                  1992
==============================================================================
                              Aver-                 Aver-                 Aver-
              Average Inter-   age  Average Inter-    age Average Inter-    age
              Balance    est  Rate  Balance    est   Rate Balance    est   Rate
              -----------------------------------------------------------------
Assets
------
Interest
 -Bearing
 Deposits in
 Banks
 (Primarily
 Foreign)     $ 1,266 $   68  5.33% $   452 $   24  5.42% $   753 $   76 10.14%
Federal Funds
  Sold and
  Securities
  Purchased
  Under Resale
  Agreements    3,653    161  4.39    3,149     97  3.06    2,379     85  3.54
Loans 
 Domestic
 Offices
  Consumer      9,549  1,015 10.62    8,259    806  9.76    7,016    704 10.04
  Commercial   12,340    833  6.76   11,998    741  6.18   11,643    755  6.48
 Foreign                                                                
  Offices      10,140    564  5.56   10,170    485  4.77   11,686    651  5.57
              ------- ------        ------- ------        ------- ------
 Total Loans   32,029  2,412* 7.53   30,427  2,032* 6.68   30,345  2,110* 6.95
              ------- ------        ------- ------        ------- ------
Securities
 U.S.
  Government
  Obligations   3,516    197  5.61    3,732    215  5.78    3,611    240  6.66
 Obligations
  of States
  and
  Political
  Subdivisions    893     89 10.02    1,070    110 10.29    1,224    135 11.04
 Other
   Securities,
   including
   Trading
   Securities
  Domestic
   Offices      1,341     70  5.25    1,358     64  4.74    1,190     91  7.65
  Foreign
   Offices        191     11  5.64      192     14  7.36      177     17  9.44
              ------- ------        ------- ------        ------- ------ 
   Total Other
   Securities   1,532     81  5.30    1,550     78  5.06    1,367    108  7.88
              ------- ------        ------- ------        ------- ------
 Total
  Securities    5,941    367  6.19    6,352    403  6.36    6,202    483  7.79
              ------- ------        ------- ------        ------- ------ 
Total
 Interest-
 Earning
 Assets        42,889 $3,008  7.01%  40,380 $2,556  6.33%  39,679 $2,754  6.94%
                      ======                ======                ======
Allowance
  for Loan 
  Losses         (906)               (1,045)               (1,057)
Cash and Due                                
  from Banks    2,827                 2,735                 2,522
Other Assets    5,470                 4,574                 5,083
              -------               -------               -------
Total Assets  $50,280               $46,644               $46,227
              =======               =======               =======
Assets
Attributable
to Foreign
Offices         24.30%                24.37%                28.63%
                =====                 =====                 ===== 

*Includes fees of $118 million in 1994, $103 million in 1993, and $96 million
in 1992.
 Nonaccrual loans are included in the average loan balance; the associated
income, recognized on the cash basis, is included in interest.
 Taxable equivalent adjustments were $46 million in 1994, $54 million in 1993,
and $66 million in 1992, and are based on the federal statutory tax rate (35%
in 1994 and 1993, and 34% in 1992) and applicable state and local taxes.
 
Continued on page 10

<PAGE> 10

Average Balances and Rates on a Taxable Equivalent Basis (dollars in millions)

                           1994                1993                 1992     
===============================================================================
                                 Aver-                Aver-               Aver-
                  Average Inter-   age Average Inter-   age Average Inter-  age
                  Balance    est  Rate Balance    est  Rate Balance    est Rate
                  -------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and
Shareholders' 
Equity
---------------
Interest-Bearing
 Deposits
  Domestic Offices
   Money Market
    Rate Accounts $ 3,593 $  108 3.01% $ 3,666 $   91 2.48% $ 3,468 $  108 3.11%
   Savings          8,166    190 2.32    8,379    198 2.37    7,189    216 3.01
   Certificates of 
    Deposit of
    $100,000
    or More         1,041     42 4.03    1,189     36 3.00    1,709     64 3.75
   Other Time
    Deposits        2,296     97 4.24    2,701    119 4.39    2,965    152 5.15
                  ------- ------       ------- ------       ------- ------
   Total Domestic
    Offices        15,096    437 2.90   15,935    444 2.78   15,331    540 3.53
                  ------- ------       ------- ------       ------- ------
  Foreign Offices
   Banks in
    Foreign
    Countries       2,917    125 4.30    2,829     93 3.28    4,018    204 5.07
   Government and         
    Official
    Institutions    1,384     60 4.37    1,306     57 4.34    1,270     61 4.81
   Other Time and
    Savings         5,689    220 3.84    3,752    107 2.87    4,716    200 4.24
                  ------- ------       ------- ------       ------- ------ 
   Total Foreign
    Offices         9,990    405 4.05    7,887    257 3.26   10,004    465 4.64
                  ------- ------       ------- ------       ------- ------
   Total Interest-
    Bearing
    Deposits       25,086    842 3.35   23,822    701 2.94   25,335  1,005 3.97
                  ------- ------       ------- ------       ------- ------
Federal Funds
 Purchased and
 Securities Sold 
 Under Repurchase 
 Agreements         2,843    106 3.73    3,467    102 2.94    4,001    136 3.40
Other Borrowed
  Funds             4,135    191 4.63    2,348     86 3.66    2,045     85 4.13
Long-Term Debt      1,530    106 6.93    1,729    117 6.79    1,386     94 6.77
                  ------- ------       ------- ------       ------- ------
   Total Interest-
     Bearing 
     Liabilities   33,594 $1,245 3.71%  31,366 $1,006 3.21%  32,767 $1,320 4.03%
                  =======              =======              =======
Noninterest-
 Bearing Deposits
  Domestic Offices  8,897                8,946                7,797
  Foreign Offices      58                   69                  105
                  -------              -------              -------
    Total
     Noninterest-
     Bearing
     Deposits       8,955                9,015                7,902
                  -------              -------              -------
Other Liabilities   3,594                2,366                2,153
Preferred Stock       157                  334                  409
Common
 Shareholders'
 Equity             3,980                3,563                2,996
                  -------              -------              -------
Total Liabilities 
  and
  Shareholders'
  Equity          $50,280              $46,644              $46,227
                  =======              =======              =======
Net Interest
 Earnings and
 Interest Rate
 Spread                   $1,763 3.30          $1,550 3.12          $1,434 2.91
                          ======               ======               ======   
Net Yield on 
Interest-Earning
Assets                           4.11%                 3.84%               3.61%
                                 ====                   ====               ====
Liabilities
 Attributable
 to Foreign
 Offices            22.79%               19.74%               24.91%     
                    =====                =====                ===== 

<PAGE> 11

Rate/Volume Analysis on a Taxable Equivalent Basis (in millions)
----------------------------------------------------------------
                             1994 vs. 1993               1993 vs. 1992
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Increase (Decrease)         Increase (Decrease)
                      due to change in:           due to change in:
                      ----------------   Total    -----------------   Total 
                      Average  Average  Increase  Average   Average  Increase 
                      Balance   Rate   (Decrease) Balance    Rate   (Decrease)
                      -------  ------- ---------- -------   ------- ---------
Interest Income
---------------
  Interest-Bearing
   Deposits in Banks   $  44    $   -    $  44     $ (24)    $ (28)    $ (52)
  Federal Funds Sold
   and Securities          
   Purchased Under
   Resale Agreements      17       47       64        25       (13)       12 
  Loans
    Domestic Offices
      Consumer           134       75      209       122       (20)      102 
      Commercial          22       70       92        23       (37)      (14)
    Foreign Offices       (1)      80       79       (79)      (87)     (166)
                       -----    -----    -----    ------    ------    ------
      Total Loans        155      225      380        66      (144)      (78)
  Securities
   U.S. Government
    Obligations          (12)      (6)     (18)        8       (33)      (25)
   Obligations of
    States and
    Political
    Subdivisions         (18)      (3)     (21)      (16)       (9)      (25)
   Other Securities,
    including
    Trading Assets
    Domestic Offices      (1)       7        6        12       (39)      (27)
    Foreign Offices        -       (3)      (3)        1        (4)       (3) 
                       -----     -----   -----     -----     -----    ------
      Total Other
       Securities         (1)        4       3        13       (43)      (30)
                       -----     -----   -----     -----     -----    ------
     Total Securities    (31)       (5)    (36)        5       (85)      (80)
                       -----     -----   -----     -----     -----    ------
        Total Interest
         Income          185       267     452        72      (270)     (198)
                       -----     -----   -----     -----     -----    ------
Interest Expense
----------------
  Interest-Bearing
   Deposits
   Domestic Offices
    Money Market Rate
     Accounts             (2)       19      17         6       (23)      (17)
    Savings               (5)       (3)     (8)       32       (50)      (18)
    Certificate of
     Deposits of
     $100,000 or More     (5)       11       6       (17)      (11)      (28)
    Other Time Deposits  (18)       (4)    (22)      (12)      (21)      (33)
                       -----     -----   -----     -----     -----    ------
    Total Domestic
     Offices             (30)       23      (7)        9      (105)      (96)
                       -----     -----   -----     -----     -----    ------
   Foreign Offices
    Banks in Foreign
     Countries             3        29      32       (51)      (60)     (111)
    Government and
     Official
     Institutions          3         -       3         2        (6)       (4)
    Other Time and
     Savings              67        46      113      (37)      (56)      (93)
                       -----     -----    -----    -----     -----    ------
    Total Foreign
     Offices              73        75      148      (86)     (122)     (208)
                       -----     -----    -----    -----     -----    ------
        Total Interest-
         Bearing
         Deposits         43        98       141     (77)     (227)     (304)
  Federal Funds
     Purchased and
     Securities Sold
     Under Repurchase
     Agreements          (20)       24         4     (17)      (17)      (34)
  Other Borrowed Funds    77        28       105       11      (10)        1 
  Long-Term Debt         (13)        2       (11)      23        -        23
                       -----     -----     -----    -----    -----    ------
        Total Interest
         Expense          87       152       239      (60)   (254)      (314)
                       -----     -----     -----    -----   -----     ------
  Change in Net
   Interest Income     $  98     $ 115     $ 213    $ 132   $ (16)    $  116
                       =====     =====     =====    =====   =====     ======

Changes which are not solely due to balance changes or rate changes are
allocated to such categories on the basis of the respective percentage changes
in average balances and average rates.

<PAGE> 12

Interest-Rate Sensitivity
-------------------------

     The Company actively manages interest-rate sensitivity (the exposure of
net interest income to interest rate movements).  The relationship of
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities between repricing
dates is closely monitored, yet the Company's policies are flexible enough to 
capitalize on profit opportunities, while minimizing adverse effects on
earnings when changes in short-term and long-term interest rates occur.  The
Company uses complex simulation models to adjust the structure of its assets
and liabilities in response to interest rate exposures.       
     The Company uses three basic scenarios to model interest rate 
sensitivity, these include base line, high rate, and low rate.  The base 
line scenario is the Company's estimated most likely path for future 
short-term interest rates.  The base line scenario forecast in January 1995 
assumes rising rates.  The "high rate" scenario assumes a 79 basis point 
increase from the base line scenario (already a rising rate scenario).  
The "low rate" scenario assumes the average rate declines 121 basis points 
under the base line scenario.  Additionally, other scenarios are reviewed to 
examine the impact of other interest rate changes.
     The Company quantifies interest rate sensitivity by calculating the change
in net interest income between the three scenarios over a 12 month policy 
measurement period.  Net interest income as calculated by the earnings 
simulation model under the base line scenario becomes the standard.  The 
measurement of interest rate sensitivity is the percentage change in net 
interest income calculated by the model under high rate versus base-line 
scenario and under low rate versus base-line scenario.  The scenarios do not 
include the adjustments that management would make as rate expectations change.
     The Company's policy limit for fluctuations in net interest income
resulting from either the high rate or low rate scenario is 6 percent.  Based
upon the January 1995 outlook, if interest rates were to rise to follow the
high rate scenario, then net interest income during the policy measurement
period would be positively affected by 1.82% percent (assuming management took
no actions.)  If interest rates were to follow the low rate scenario, then net
interest income would be negatively affected by 1.94%
     In addition to the policy limit discussed above, the Company also has a
global mismatch limit to control the impact of interest rate fluctuations on
the Company's earnings. The Company's global mismatch is defined as the
absolute value of the Company's asset repricings less liability repricings in
24 maturity bands ranging from one day to over 10 years.  Off balance sheet
instruments, such as swaps and futures used to hedge balance sheet items are
included in the calculation of the global mismatch.  Each year the Company's
Board of Directors approves specific mismatch limits.  The global mismatch is
reviewed weekly by senior management. 
     The following table reflects the year-end position of the Company's
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that either reprice
or mature within the designated time periods.  Further, within each time period
assets and liabilities reprice on different dates and at different levels.  
Interest sensitivity gaps change daily.  A positive interest sensitivity gap, 
for a particular time period, is one in which more assets reprice or mature
than liabilities.  A negative interest sensitivity gap results from a greater
amount of liabilities repricing or maturing.  A positive gap implies that there
are more rate sensitive assets than liabilities which suggests that as interest
rates rise, the return on assets will rise faster than the funding costs.
Conversely, a negative gap indicates a higher ratio of rate sensitive 
liabilities than assets.  In such cases, if interest rates rise, then funding
costs will rise at a faster rate than the return on assets.  Finally, the
cumulative gap is the sum of the dollar gap for sequential time periods.
                                            

<PAGE> 13

                                               December 31, 1994
                                -----------------------------------------------
                                                         Within Greater
                                Within  Within   Within   7-12   Than
                                1 Mo.  2-3 Mos. 4-6 Mos.  Mos.  12 Mos.  Total
                                ------ -------- -------- ------ ------- -------
(in millions)
Interest-Earning Assets
-----------------------
  Foreign Offices              $ 5,840  $ 4,025   $1,677 $  196  $  217 $11,955
  Domestic Offices                      
    Loans                       16,976      471      392    564   4,387  22,790
    Securities                     131       60       93    309   3,380   3,973
    Trading Assets                 686        -        -      -       -     686
    Federal Funds Sold and 
     Securities Purchased
     Under Resale Agreement      3,019        -        -      -       -   3,019
                               -------  -------   ------ ------  ------ -------
                                26,652    4,556    2,162  1,069   7,984 $42,423
                               -------  -------   ------ ------  ------ =======

Interest-Bearing Liabilities
----------------------------
  Foreign Offices                8,323    1,614      625    488      32  11,082
  Domestic Offices
    Interest-Bearing Deposits
      Money Market Rate
       Accounts                  3,330        -        -      -       -   3,330
      Savings                    6,444        -        -     13   1,296   7,753
      Certificates of Deposit   
       of $100,000 or More         493      399      224    304     901   2,321
      Other Time Deposits          335      235      322    219     355   1,466
                               -------  -------   ------ ------  ------ -------
    Total Interest-Bearing
     Deposits                   18,925    2,248    1,171  1,024   2,584  25,952
                               -------  -------   ------ ------  ------ -------
    Federal Funds Purchased
     and Other Borrowed Funds    4,344      737      147    555      17   5,800
    Long-Term Debt                   -        -       64      -   1,710   1,774
                               -------  -------   ------ ------  ------ -------

Noninterest-Bearing Sources
 of Funds                        3,581       25       38     76   5,177   8,897
---------------------------    -------  -------   ------ ------  ------ -------
       Total                    26,850    3,010    1,420  1,655   9,488 $42,423
                                                                        =======
Effect of Financial Futures
 and Swaps                         933  (2,401)     (396) 1,055     809 
---------------------------    ------- -------    ------ ------  ------       
Interest-Sensitive Gap         $   735 $  (855)   $  346 $  469  $ (695)
----------------------         ======= =======    ====== ======  ======   
Cumulative Interest-
 Sensitivity Gap               $   735 $  (120)   $  226 $  695  $    -
--------------------           ======= =======    ====== ======  ======

<PAGE> 14

PROVISION AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES
---------------------------------------

     At December 31, 1994, the domestic commercial real estate portfolio had
approximately 76% of its loans in New York and New Jersey, 5% in California,
5% in Pennsylvania, 3% in New England, and 1% in Florida; no other state
accounts for more than 1% of the portfolio.  This portfolio consists of the
following types of properties:

                         Business loans secured by real estate      45%
                         Offices                                    28
                         Retail                                      8         
                         Hotels                                      5
                         Mixed-Used                                  4
                         Land                                        2
                         Condominiums and cooperatives               1
                         Industrial/Warehouse                        1
                         Other                                       6
                                                                  ----
                                                                   100%
                                                                  ====

     At December 31, 1994 and 1993, the Company's nonperforming real estate
loans and real estate acquired in satisfaction of loans aggregated $119
million and $171 million, respectively.  Net charge-offs of real estate loans
were $6 million in 1994 and $69 million in 1993.  In addition, other real
estate charges were $11 million and $53 million in 1994 and 1993.  A
discussion of other real estate charges under "Noninterest Expense and Income
Taxes" in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis" section included in
Exhibit 13 is incorporated herein by reference.

     At December 31, 1994, the Company's LDC exposures consisted of $78
million in medium-term loans (and no material commitments), $334 million in
short-term loans, $14 million in accrued interest, and $48 million in equity
investments.  At December 31, 1994, the allowance for loan losses associated
with LDC loans was $98 million.  In addition, the Company has $318 million of
debt securities to emerging market countries, including $270 million (book
value) of bonds whose principal payments are collateralized by U.S. Treasury
zero coupon obligations and whose interest payments are partially
collateralized.

     The Company's consumer loan portfolio is comprised principally of credit
card, other installment, and residential loans.  Residential and auto loans
are collateralized, thereby reducing the risk.  Credit card net charge-offs
were $149 million in 1994 compared to $121 million in 1993.  The 1994 and 1993
amounts exclude $32 million and $56 million in net charge-offs related to the
portion of the portfolio that is securitized.  As a percentage of average
credit card outstandings, net charge-offs were to 2.47% in 1994 compared to
2.88% in 1993.  On a managed receivables basis, net charge-offs as a
percentage of average outstandings were 2.68% in 1994 compared to 3.19% in
1993.  Other consumer net charge-offs were $7 million in 1994 and $23 million
in 1993.

     Lending to the utility industry is concentrated in investor-owned
electric utilities.  The Company also makes loans to gas and telephone
utilities.  Nonperforming loans in this industry amounted to $2 million at
year-end 1994 and 1993.  There were no charge-offs in 1994 and 1993.
     
<PAGE> 15     
     
     The Company's loans to the communications, entertainment, and publishing
industries primarily consist of credits with cable television operators,
broadcasters, magazine and newspaper publishers and motion picture theaters. 
There were no nonperforming communications loans at December 31, 1994 and
1993.  Charge-offs of communications loans were $1 million in 1993.  There
were no charge-off in 1994.  

     The Company's portfolio of loans for purchasing or carrying securities is
comprised largely of overnight loans which are fully collateralized, with
appropriate margins, by marketable securities.  Throughout its many years of
experience in this area, the Company has rarely experienced a loss.

     The Company makes short-term, collateralized loans to mortgage bankers
to fund mortgages sold to investors.  Nonperforming loans and charge-offs have
not been significant.

     Based on an evaluation of individual credits, historical loan losses, and
global economic factors, the Company has allocated its allowance for loan
losses as follows:

                           1994       1993       1992      1991      1990
                           ----       ----       ----      ----      ----
Real Estate Loans            9%         8%         9%       10%       11%
HLT Loans                    5          6          7        11        17
Other Domestic Commercial
 and Industrial Loans       51          58        57        51        38
Consumer Loans              16          10         9        10         8
Foreign Loans (excluding
 medium-term LDC loans)      7           6         6         6         6
LDC Loans                   12          12        12        12        20 
                           ----        ----      ----      ----      ----
                           100%        100%      100%      100%      100%
                           ====        ====      ====      ====      ====

     Such an allocation is inherently judgmental, and the entire allowance for
loan losses is available to absorb loan losses regardless of the nature of the
loan.

<PAGE> 16

The following table details changes in the Company's allowance for loan losses
for the last five years.

   (dollars in millions)             1994     1993     1992     1991     1990
                                     ----     ----     ----     ----     ----
Loans Outstanding, December 31,    $33,083  $30,570  $29,497  $30,335  $35,776
Average Loans Outstanding           32,029   30,427   30,345   32,719   38,139

Allowance for Loan Losses
-------------------------
Balance, January 1
  Regular
    Domestic                       $   794  $   878  $   889  $   831  $   593
    Foreign                             60       70       60       62       24
  Less Developed Countries             116      124      135      218      537*
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
    Total, January 1                   970    1,072    1,084    1,111    1,154
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
Allowance of Acquired Companies
 and Other Changes                       -        -       56      (10)       1
Credit Card Securitizations             14        1        -      (18)       -
Charge-Offs
  Domestic
    Commercial and Industrial         (158)    (142)    (311)    (358)    (111)
    Real Estate & Construction          (6)     (71)    (103)    (165)     (45)
    Consumer Loans                    (191)    (173)    (181)    (226)    (157)
  Foreign                              (38)     (54)     (20)     (32)      (9)
  Less Developed Countries             (18)      (9)     (13)     (39)    (270)
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
     Total                            (411)    (449)    (628)    (820)    (592)
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
Recoveries
  Domestic
    Commercial and Industrial           14       28       66       11       35
    Real Estate & Construction           -        2       13        1        -
    Consumer Loans                      35       29       26       21       16
  Foreign                                8        2       10        4        1
  Less Developed Countries               -        1        2        6        1
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
     Total                              57       62      117       43       53
Net Charge-Offs                       (354)    (387)    (511)    (777)    (539)
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
Provision
  Domestic                             135      242      423      742      449
  Foreign                               27       42       20       36       46
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
     Total                             162      284      443      778      495
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
Balance, December 31,
  Regular 
    Domestic                           637      794      878      889*     831*
    Foreign                             57       60       70       60       62
  Less Developed Countries              98      116      124      135*     218*
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
     Total, December 31,           $   792  $   970  $ 1,072  $ 1,084  $ 1,111
                                   =======  =======  =======  =======  =======
Ratios
------
Net Charge-Offs to Average Loans
 Outstandings                         1.11%    1.27%    1.68%    2.37%    1.41%
                                   =======  =======  =======  =======  =======
Net Charge-Offs to Total Allowance   44.70%   39.90%   47.67%   71.68%   48.51%
                                   =======  =======  =======  =======  =======
Total Allowance to Year-End Loans
 Outstanding                          2.40%    3.17%    3.63%    3.57%    3.11%
                                    ======   ======    =====   ======   ======

*Each year includes a $50 million transfer from the LDC Allowance for Loan
Losses to the Regular Allowance.

<PAGE> 17

Nonperforming Assets
--------------------
A summary of nonperforming assets is presented in the following table.

(in millions)                                          December 31,

                             1994      1993      1992      1991      1990
                             ----      ----      ----      ----      ----
Nonaccrual
----------
  Domestic                  $ 220    $  408    $  581    $1,014    $1,294
  Foreign (including
   Medium-term LDC)            77       130       198       146        86
                            -----    ------    ------    ------    ------
                              297       538       779     1,160     1,380

Reduced Rate (Domestic)         -         2         9        13        15
------------                -----    ------    ------    ------    ------
                              297       540       788     1,173     1,395

Real Estate Acquired in
-----------------------
Satisfaction of Loans          56        99       268       369       355
---------------------       -----    ------    ------    ------    ------

                            $ 353    $  639    $1,056    $1,542    $1,750
                            =====    ======    ======    ======    ======
Past Due 90 Days or More
------------------------
and Still Accruing Interest
---------------------------
  Domestic                  $ 163    $  156    $  218    $  178    $  215
  Foreign                       -         -         -        66        11
                            -----    ------    ------    ------    ------
                            $ 163    $  156    $  218    $  244    $  226
                            =====    ======    ======    ======    ======

<PAGE> 18

Securities
----------
The following table shows the maturity distribution by carrying amount and
yield (not on a taxable equivalent basis) of the Company's securities
portfolio at December 31, 1994.

                                                                 States and
                                             U.S. Government     Political     
                          U.S. Government        Agency         Subdivisions
                          ---------------    ----------------   -------------
                          Amount    Yield    Amount     Yield   Amount  Yield
                          ------    -----    ------     -----   ------  -----
(dollars in millions)

Securities Held-
----------------
 to-Maturity   
 -----------
One Year or Less          $  256    5.47%     $   1     6.04%   $  264   5.44%
Over 1 through 5 Years       736    4.99        153     5.08       119   6.94 
Over 5 through 10 Years      436    5.63          -        -       111   7.78 
Over 10 years                  -       -          -        -       275   7.53  
Mortgage-Backed Securities     -       -          -        -         -      -  
                           ------             -----             ------        
                           $1,428   5.27      $ 154     5.08    $  769   6.76 
                           ======             =====             ======         
Securities Available-
--------------------
 for-Sale
----------
One Year or Less           $   25   5.50%     $   -        -%    $   -      -%
Over 1 through 5 Years        958   5.87          -        -         2   5.23 
Over 5 through 10 Years       436   6.10          -        -         2   5.34 
Over 10 years                   7  11.19          -        -         3   5.74 
Equity Securities               -      -          -        -         -      - 
                           ------             -----              ----- 
                           $1,426   5.96      $   -        -     $   7   5.45 
                           ======             =====              =====        
   

                           Other Bonds,    Mortgage-Backed
                           Notes and         and Equity    
                           Debentures        Securities
                           -------------    ------------
                           Amount  Yield    Amount Yield     Total
                           ------  -----    ------ -----     -----
(dollars in millions)

Securities Held-
----------------
 to-Maturity   
 -----------
One Year or Less           $ 28    5.13%    $  -     - %    $  549
Over 1 through 5 Years       39    6.19        -     -       1,047
Over 5 through 10 Years      53    5.90        -     -         600
Over 10 years               294    7.07        -     -         569
Mortgage-Backed Securities    -       -      165   7.49        165
                           ----             ----            ------
                           $414    6.70     $165   7.49     $2,930
                           ====             ====            ======
Securities Available-
--------------------
 for-Sale
----------
One Year or Less           $  2       -%    $  -      -%    $   27
Over 1 through 5 Years        7       -        -      -        967
Over 5 through 10 Years       3       -        -      -        441
Over 10 years                10    5.22        -      -         20
Equity Securities             -       -      266   4.77        266
                           -----            ----            ------
                           $ 22    2.48     $266   4.77     $1,721
                           =====            ====            ======

Loans
-----

The following table shows the maturity structure of the Company's commercial
loan portfolio at December 31, 1994.
                                             Over 1 Year
                                   1 Year      Through       Over     
                                   or Less     5 Years     5 Years    Total
                                    ------   -----------   -------    -----
(in millions)
Domestic
--------
  Real Estate, Excluding Loans
   Collateralized by 1-4 Family
   Residential Properties          $  599     $1,392        $  876    $ 2,867
  Commercial and Industrial Loans   3,755      4,131         3,263     11,149
  Other, Excluding Loans to
    Individuals and those
    Collateralized by 1-4 Family
    Residential Properties          3,154        340           184      3,678
                                   ------     ------        ------    -------
                                    7,508      5,863         4,323     17,694
Foreign                             1,425        695         1,531      3,651
-------                            ------     ------        ------    -------
      Total                        $8,933     $6,558        $5,854    $21,345
                                   ======     ======        ======    =======

Loans with:
  Predetermined Interest Rates     $  437     $  193        $1,109    $ 1,739
  Floating Interest Rates           8,496      6,365         4,745     19,606
                                   ------     ------        ------    -------
       Total                       $8,933     $6,558        $5,854    $21,345
                                   ======     ======        ======    =======

<PAGE> 19

Deposits
--------

     The aggregate amount of deposits by foreign customers in domestic offices
was $875 million, $739 million, and $789 million at December 31, 1994, 1993,
and 1992.

     The following table shows the maturity breakdown of domestic time
deposits of $100,000 or more at December 31, 1994.

                                                   Time
(in millions)                 Certificates         Deposits-
                              of Deposits          Other              Total
                              ------------------------------------------------

3 Months or Less               $  842               $654              $1,496
Over 3 Through 6 Months           224                  5                 229
Over 6 Through 12 Months          374                  5                 379
Over 12 Months                    881                 19                 900
                               ------               ----              ------
     Total                     $2,321               $683              $3,004
                               ======               ====              ======


     The majority of deposits in foreign offices are time deposits in
denominations of $100,000 or more.

Other Borrowed Funds
---------------------
Information related to other borrowed funds in 1994, 1993, and 1992 is
presented in the table below.
                                   1994             1993            1992
                             ---------------  ---------------  --------------
(dollars in millions)
                                     Average          Average         Average
                             Amount     Rate  Amount     Rate  Amount    Rate
                             ------  -------  ------  -------  ------ -------

Federal Funds Purchased and
---------------------------
 Securities Sold Under
 ---------------------
 Repurchase Agreements        
 ---------------------
  At December 31             $1,502   4.91%   $2,711   2.85%    $1,773   2.81%
  Average During Year         2,843   3.73     3,467   2.94      4,001   3.40
  Maximum Month-End Balance
   During Year                6,415   3.36     4,894   2.80      5,467   3.88

Other*
-----
  At December 31               4,176  5.79%    2,781   3.61     3,029    3.82
  Average During Year          4,135  4.63     2,348   3.66     2,045    4.13
  Maximum Month-End Balance
   During Year                 5,639  4.57     3,161   3.60     3,029    3.82

*Other borrowings consist primarily of commercial paper, bank notes, extended
federal funds purchased, and amounts owed to the U.S. Treasury.


Foreign Assets
--------------
     The only foreign country in which the Company's assets exceed .75% of
year end total assets was the United Kingdom in 1993 ($351 million).  There
were no foreign countries in which the Company's assets exceeded .75% of year
end total assets in 1994.  However, at December 31, 1994 the Company had
outstanding commitments to extend credit to customers in the United Kingdom
amounting to $651 million.

<PAGE> 20

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES
-------------------
     In New York City, the Company owns the thirty story building housing its
executive headquarters at 48 Wall Street, a forty-nine story office building
at One Wall Street, and an operations center at 101 Barclay Street.  In
addition, the Company owns and/or leases administrative and operations
facilities in New York City; various locations in New Jersey; Harrison, New
York; Newark, Delaware; London, England; and Utica, New York.  Other real
properties owned or leased by the Company, when considered in the aggregate,
are not material to its operations.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
--------------------------
     Litigation regarding Northeast Bancorp., Inc. is described in Note 12
to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Exhibit 13, and such
description is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
------------------------------------------------------------
     There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders of the
registrant during the fourth quarter of 1994.

PART II
-------
ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND
--------------------------------------------------
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
        ---------------------------
     Information with respect to the market for the Company's common equity
and related stockholder matters is incorporated herein by reference from the
"Quarterly Data" section included in Exhibit 13.  The Company's securities
that are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), are indicated as such
on the front cover of this report.  The NYSE symbol for the Company's Common
Stock is BK.  The Warrants (to purchase the Company's Common Stock) are traded
over the counter.  All of the Company's other securities are not currently
listed.  The Company had 26,473 common shareholders of record at February 28,
1995.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
--------------------------------
     Selected financial data are incorporated herein by reference from the
"Financial Highlights" section included in Exhibit 13.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
----------------------------------------------------------
         CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
         -----------------------------------
     Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations is incorporated herein by reference from the corresponding
section of Exhibit 13.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
----------------------------------------------------
     Consolidated financial statements and notes and the independent auditors'
report are incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 13 to this report.

     The report of Independent Public Accountants for National Community
Banks, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 99 to this
report.

     Supplementary financial information is incorporated herein by reference
from the "Quarterly Data" section included in Exhibit 13.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
------------------------------------------------------------------------
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
         --------------------
     There have been no events which require disclosure under Item 304 of
Regulation S-K.

<PAGE> 21

PART III
--------

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
------------------------------------------------------------

     The directors of the registrant are identified on pages 27 and 28 of this
report. Additional material responsive to this item is contained in the
Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND BUSINESS EXPERIENCE DURING THE PAST
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
FIVE YEARS
----------

                                                                               
     
                                                                       Company
                                                                       Officer
      Name                     Office and Experience               Age   Since
      ----                     ---------------------               ---   -----


J. Carter Bacot     1990-1995  Chairman and Chief Executive         62    1975
                               Officer of the Company and the Bank

Thomas A. Renyi     1994-1995  President of the Company and         49    1992
                               President and Chief Operating
                               Officer of the Bank
                    1992-1994  President of the Company and 
                               Vice Chairman of the Bank
                    1990-1992  Senior Executive Vice President and
                               Chief Credit Officer of the Bank

Alan R. Griffith    1994-1995  Vice Chairman of the Company and     53    1990
                               the Bank
                    1990-1994  Senior Executive Vice President of
                               the Company, and President and Chief
                               Operating Officer of the Bank       
                              
Samuel F. Chevalier 1990-1995  Vice Chairman of the Company and     61    1989
                               the Bank
                         1990  Chief Operating Officer and
                               President of Irving Bank Corporation

Deno D. Papageorge  1990-1995  Senior Executive Vice President of   56    1980
                               the Company, Senior Executive Vice
                               President and Chief Financial
                               Officer of the Bank

Richard D. Field    1990-1995  Executive Vice President of the      54    1987
                               Company, Senior Executive Vice
                               President of the Bank

Robert E. Keilman   1990-1995  Comptroller of the Company and the   49    1984
                               Bank, Senior Vice President of the
                               Bank

Phebe C. Miller          1995  Secretary and Chief Legal Officer    45    1995
                               of the Company, Senior Vice
                               President and Chief Legal Officer
                               of the Bank
                    1994-1995  Senior Vice President of the Bank
                    1991-1994  Managing Director, General Counsel
                               and Secretary, Discount Corporation
                               of New York
                    1990-1991  Vice President and Counsel,   
                               Discount Corporation of New York
                        
Robert J. Goebert   1990-1995  Auditor of the Company, Senior Vice  53    1982
                               President of the Bank
<PAGE> 22


 Officers of BNY who perform major policy making functions:
                                                                       Bank
                                                                     Executive
                                                                      Officer
    Name                           Office and Experience         Age   Since
    ----                           ---------------------         ---   ------

Gerald L. Hassell  1994-1995  Senior Executive Vice President     43    1990
                              and Chief Commercial Banking
                              Officer
                   1992-1994  Executive Vice President -
                              Special Industries Banking
                   1990-1991  Executive Vice President -
                              Communications, Entertainment,
                              and Publishing Division

Robert J. Mueller  1992-1995  Senior Executive Vice President -   53    1989
                              Chief Credit Policy Officer
                   1990-1992  Executive Vice President - Mortgage
                              & Construction Lending

Richard A. Pace    1990-1995  Executive Vice President and Chief  49    1989
                              Technologist


There are no family relationships between the executive officers of the
Company.  The terms of office of the executive officers of the Company extend
until the annual organizational meeting of the Board of Directors.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
--------------------------------

     The material responsive to such item in the Company's definitive Proxy
Statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by
reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The material responsive to such item in the Company's definitive Proxy
Statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by
reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
--------------------------------------------------------

     The material responsive to such item in the Company's definitive Proxy
Statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by
reference.

PART IV
-------

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a) 1  Financial Statements:


    See Item 8.


(a) 2  Financial Statement Schedules:

     Financial statement schedules are omitted since the required information
is either not applicable, not deemed material, or is shown in the respective
financial statements or in the notes thereto.

<PAGE> 23

(a) 3  Listing of Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Per
Regulation S-K                          Description
--------------                          -----------

   3    (a) The By-Laws of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. as amended
            through October 13, 1987.
            (Filed as Exhibit 3(a) to the Company's 1987 Annual Report on Form
            10-K Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)

        (b) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Bank of New York
            Company, Inc. dated July 20, 1994.
            (Filed as Exhibit 4 to Form 10-Q filed by the Company
            on November 10, 1994 and incorporated herein by reference.)

   4    (a) None of the outstanding instruments defining the rights of holders
            of long-term debt of the Company represent long-term debt in
            excess of 10% of the total assets of the Company.  The Company
            hereby agrees to furnish to the Commission, upon request, a copy
            of any of such instruments.

        (b) Rights Agreement, including form of Preferred Stock Purchase
            Rights, incorporated herein by reference to the Company's
            Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated December 18, 1985.     

        (c) First Amendment, dated as of June 13, 1989, to the Rights
            Agreement, including form of Preferred Stock Purchase Right, dated
            as of December 10, 1985, between The Bank of New York Company,
            Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent, incorporated by
            reference to the amendment on Form 8, dated June 14, 1989, to the
            registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, dated
            December 18, 1985.

        (d) Second Amendment, dated as of April 30, 1993, to the Rights
            Agreement, including form of Preferred Stock Purchase Right, dated
            as of December 10, 1985, between The Bank of New York Company,
            Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent, incorporated by
            reference to the amendment on Form 8-A/A, dated April 30, 1993, to
            the registrant's Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated
            December 18, 1985.

        (e) Third Amendment, dated as of March 8, 1994, to the Rights
            Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1985, between The Bank of New
            York Company, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent,
            Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Company's Current
            Report on Form 8-K for the Report Date March 8, 1994.

 10     (a) 1984 Stock Option Plan of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. as
            amended through February 23, 1988.  (Filed as Exhibit 10(a) to the
            Company's 1988 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein
            by reference.)*

        (b) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to 1984 Stock Option Plan of The
            Bank of New York Company, Inc.*

        (c) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess Contribution Plan as
            amended through July 10, 1990.  (Filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the
            Company's 1990 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein
            by reference.)*

        (d) Amendments to The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess
            Contribution Plan dated February 23, 1994 and November 9, 1993.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(c) to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

<PAGE> 24

Exhibit No. Per
Regulation S-K                     Description
--------------                     -----------

  10    (e) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess Benefit Plan as amended
            through December 8, 1992.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(d) to the Company's 1992 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (f) Amendments to The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess Benefit
            Plan dated February 23, 1994 and November 9, 1993.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*                

        (g) Amendment dated May 10, 1994 to The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
            Excess Benefit Plan.*
           
        (h) 1994 Management Incentive Compensation Plan of The Bank of New
            York Company, Inc. 
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(g) to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*                

        (i) 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan as amended through December 8, 1992.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(f) to the Company's 1992 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (j) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to the 1988 Long-Term Incentive
            Plan of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.*

        (k) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(m) to the Company's 1992 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*
       
        (l) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to the 1993 Long-Term Incentive
            Plan of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.*

        (m) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Supplemental Executive
            Retirement Plan.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(n) to the Company's 1992 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (n) Amendment to The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Supplemental
            Executive Retirement Plan dated March 9, 1993.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(k) to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (o) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to The Bank of New York Company,
            Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.*

        (p) Trust Agreement dated April 19, 1988 related to certain executive
            compensation plans and agreements.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(h) to the Company's 1988 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (q) Trust Agreement dated November 16, 1993 related to certain
            executive compensation plans and agreements.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(m) to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (r) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to Trust Agreement dated November
            16, 1993, related to certain executive compensation plans and
            agreements.*

<PAGE> 25

Exhibit No. Per
Regulation S-K                Description
--------------                -----------

  10    (s) Trust Agreement dated December 15, 1994 related to certain
            executive compensation plans and agreements.*

        (t) Form of Remuneration Agreement between the Company and two of the
            five most highly compensated executive officers of the Company.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company's 1982 Annual Report on Form
            10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (u) Form of Tax Reimbursement Agreement dated as of July 13, 1994
            between the Company and two of the five most highly compensated
            executive officers of the Company.*

        (v) Form of Remuneration Agreement dated October 11, 1994 between the
            Company and three of the five most highly compensated officers of
            the Company.*
           
        (w) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Retirement Plan for Non-
            Employee Directors.
           (Filed as Exhibit 10(r) to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on Form
           10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (x) Amendment dated November 8, 1994 to The Bank of New York Company,
            Inc. Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors.*

        (y) Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of The Bank
            of New York Company, Inc.
            (Filed as Exhibit 10(s) to the Company's 1993 Annual Report on
            Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.)*

        (z) Amendment dated November 8, 1994 to the Deferred Compensation Plan
            for Non-Employee Directors of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.*

   11       Statement - Re: Computation of Per Common Share Earnings

   12       Statement - Re: Computation of Earnings to Fixed Charges Ratios

   13       Portions of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders

   21       Subsidiaries of the Registrant

   23.1     Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

   23.2     Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP  

   27       Financial Data Schedule

   99       Report of Independent Public Accountants for National Community
            Banks, Inc.
--------------------
* Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

<PAGE> 26

(b) Reports on Form 8-K:

           October 13, 1994: Unaudited interim financial information and
           accompanying discussion for the third quarter of 1994.

           December 6, 1994:  An Underwriting Agreement dated December 6,
           1994, a Form of Note, an Officers' Certificate, an Opinion of
           Counsel, and a Consent of Counsel in connection with a Registration
           Statement on Form S-3 (File Nos. 33-51984 and 33-50333) covering
           the Company's 8.50% Subordinated Notes Due 2004 issuable under an
           Indenture dated October 1, 1993.
 
           January 17, 1995: Unaudited interim financial information and
           accompanying discussion for the fourth quarter of 1994.

(c) Exhibits:  

           Submitted as a separate section of this report.

(d) Financial Statements Schedules:  

           None
           
<PAGE> 27

SIGNATURES
----------

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in New York, New York, on
the 27th day of March, 1995.

                                    THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.


                             By: \s\ Deno D. Papageorge         
                                  -------------------------------------
                                     (Deno D. Papageorge
                                      Senior Executive Vice President)

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been duly signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 27th day of March, 1995.

        Signature                                         Title
        ---------                                         -----

\s\J. Carter Bacot                             Chairman and
-----------------------------------            Chief Executive Officer
(J. Carter Bacot)                              (principal executive officer)


\s\ Deno D. Papageorge                         Senior Executive Vice President
-----------------------------------            (principal financial officer)
(Deno D. Papageorge)


\s\ Robert E. Keilman                          Comptroller
------------------------------------           (principal accounting officer)
(Robert E. Keilman)


                                               Director
------------------------------------
(Richard Barth)


\s\ William R. Chaney                          Director
------------------------------------
(William R. Chaney)


\s\ Samuel F. Chevalier                        Vice Chairman and Director
------------------------------------
(Samuel F. Chevalier)


                                               Director
------------------------------------
(Anthony P. Gammie)


\s\ Ralph E. Gomory                            Director
------------------------------------
(Ralph E. Gomory)

<PAGE> 28

\s\ Alan R. Griffith                           Vice Chairman                  
------------------------------------           and Director                 
(Alan R. Griffith)  


\s\ Edward L. Hennessy, Jr.                    Director                        
          
------------------------------------
(Edward L. Hennessy, Jr.)


\s\ John C. Malone                             Director
------------------------------------
(John C. Malone)


\s\ Donald L. Miller                           Director
------------------------------------
(Donald L. Miller)  


\s\ H. Barclay Morley                          Director                  
------------------------------------
(H. Barclay Morley)  


\s\ Martha T. Muse                             Director
------------------------------------
(Martha T. Muse)     


\s\ Catherine A. Rein                          Director
------------------------------------
(Catherine A. Rein)


\s\ Thomas A. Renyi                            President and         
------------------------------------           Director
(Thomas A. Renyi)


\s\ Harold E. Sells                            Director                  
------------------------------------
(Harold E. Sells)    


\s\ Delbert C. Staley                          Director
------------------------------------
(Delbert C. Staley)  


\s\ W. S. White, Jr.                           Director
------------------------------------
(W. S. White, Jr.) 


\s\ Samuel H. Woolley                          Director
------------------------------------
(Samuel H. Woolley)

<PAGE> 29                        
                        
                        INDEX TO EXHIBITS
Exhibit No. 
------------
  3   (a) The By-Laws of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. as amended through
          October 13, 1987.*
                  
      (b) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Bank of New York
          Company, Inc. dated July 20, 1994.*
               
  4   (a) None of the outstanding instruments defining the rights of holders
          of long-term debt of the Company represent long-term debt in excess
          of 10% of the total assets of the Company.  The Company hereby
          agrees to furnish to the Commission, upon request, a copy of any of
          such instruments.

      (b) Rights Agreement, including form of Preferred Stock Purchase
          Rights.*
         
      (c) First Amendment, dated as of June 13, 1989, to the Rights Agreement,
          including form of Preferred Stock Purchase Right, dated as of
          December 10, 1985, between The Bank of New York Company, Inc. and
          The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent.*

      (d) Second Amendment, dated as of April 30, 1993, to the Rights
          Agreement, including form of Preferred Stock Purchase Right, dated
          as of December 10, 1985, between The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
          and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent.*

      (e) Third Amendment, dated as of March 8, 1994, to the Rights Agreement,
          dated as of December 10, 1985, between The Bank of New York Company,
          Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent.*
                  
 10   (a) 1984 Stock Option Plan of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. as
          amended through February 23, 1988.*
                  
      (b) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to 1984 Stock Option Plan of The
          Bank of New York Company, Inc.

      (c) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess Contribution Plan as
          amended through July 10, 1990.*
                  
      (d) Amendments to The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess Contribution
          Plan dated February 23, 1994 and November 9, 1993.*
                  
      (e) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess Benefit Plan as amended
          through December 8, 1992.*
                   
      (f) Amendments to The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess Benefit Plan
          dated February 23, 1994 and November 9, 1993.*

      (g) Amendment dated May 10, 1994 to The Bank of New York Co., Inc.
          Excess Benefit Plan.
                    
      (h) 1994 Management Incentive Compensation Plan of The Bank of New York
          Company, Inc.* 
                  
      (i) 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan as amended through December 8, 1992.*
              
      (j) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to the 1988 Long-Term Incentive
          Plan of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.

      (k) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan.*

      (l) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to the 1993 Long-Term Incentive
          Plan of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.

      (m) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement 
          Plan.*

<PAGE> 30

                           INDEX TO EXHIBITS
Exhibit No. 
------------
     10  (n) Amendment to The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Supplemental
             Executive Retirement Plan dated March 9, 1993.*
                
         (o) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to The Bank of New York Company,
             Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.

         (p) Trust Agreement dated April 19, 1988 related to deferred
             compensation plans.*

         (q) Trust Agreement dated November 16, 1993 related to deferred
             compensation plans.*

         (r) Amendment dated October 11, 1994 to Trust Agreement dated
             Novemeber 16, 1993, related to deferred compensation plans.

         (s) Trust Agreement dated December 15, 1994 related to certain
             executive compensation plans and agreements.

         (t) Form of Remuneration Agreement between the Company and two of the
             five most highly compensated executive officers of the Company.*
                  
         (u) Form of Tax Reimbursement Agreement dated as of July 13, 1994
             between the Company and two of the five most highly compensated
             executive officers of the Company.

         (v) Form of Remuneration Agreement dated October 11, 1994 between the
             Company and three of the five most highly compensated officers of
             the Company.

         (w) The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Retirement Plan for Non-
             Employee Directors.* 

         (x) Amendment dated November 8, 1994 to The Bank of New York Company,
             Inc. Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors.

         (y) Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of The Bank
             of New York Company, Inc.*

         (z) Amendment dated November 8, 1994 to the Deferred Compensation
             Plan for Non-Employee Directors of The Bank of New York
             Company, Inc.
                
     11      Statement - Re: Computation of Per Common Share Earnings

     12      Statement - Re: Computation of Earnings to Fixed Charges Ratios

     13      Portions of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders

     21      Subsidiaries of the Registrant

     23.1    Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

     23.2    Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP  
        
     27      Financial Data Schedule

     99      Report of Independent Public Accountants for National Community
             Banks, Inc.
-------------------
     * Incorporated by reference






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10B
<TEXT>

  <PAGE> 1                                   EXHIBIT 10(b)
                          AMENDMENT
                              TO
                    1984 STOCK OPTION PLAN
            OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
                AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
  
  
          WHEREAS, the 1984 Stock Option Plan of The Bank of
  New York Company, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries (the
  "Plan") was adopted by the Board of Directors of The Bank of
  New York Company, Inc. (the "Company") on January 12, 1984,
  effective as of April 12, 1984; and
          WHEREAS, Section 10 of the Plan provides that the
  Board of Directors of the Company may amend the Plan at any
  time; and
          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
  desires to adopt an amendment to the Plan;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is hereby amended,
  effective as of October 11, 1994, by amending the second
  paragraph of Section 9 of the Plan to read as follows:
       A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to occur if
       (A) any "person" (as such term is defined in Section
       3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
       Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
       "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding
       securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
       or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily
       holding securities pursuant to an offering of such
       securities or a corporation owned, directly or
       indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substan-
       tially the same proportion as their ownership of the
       Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
       defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
       or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing
       25% or more of the combined voting power of the Com-
       pany's then outstanding securities ("Voting
       Securities"); or (B) during any period of not more than
       two years, individuals who constitute the Board of
       Directors of the Company as of the beginning of the
<PAGE> 2
  period and any new director (other than a director designated
  by a person who has entered into an agreement with the
  Company to effect a transaction described in clause (A) or
  (C) of this sentence) whose election by the Board of
  Directors of the Company or nomination for election by the
  Company's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least
  two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who
  either were directors at such time or whose election or
  nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for
  any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the
  shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation
  of the Company with any other corporation, other than a
  merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting
  Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior
  thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
  outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of
  the surviving entity) at least 60% of the combined voting
  power of the Voting Securities of the Company or such
  surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or
  consolidation, or the shareholders of the Company approve a
  plan of complete liquidation of the Company or any agreement
  for the sale or disposition by the Company or all or
  substantially all of the Company's assets.
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10G
<TEXT>

                                        Exhibit 10 (g)       
  <PAGE> 1.              AMENDMENT TO
              THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
                     EXCESS BENEFIT PLAN
  
  
          WHEREAS, The Bank of New York Company, Inc. Excess
  Benefit Plan (the "Excess Benefit Plan") was amended and
  restated, effective as of July 10, 1990; and
          WHEREAS, Section 17 of the Excess Benefit Plan
  provides that the Board of Directors of The Bank of New York
  Company, Inc. may amend the Excess Benefit Plan at any time,
  except in certain respects not material hereto; and
          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors desires to amend
  the Excess Benefit Plan;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the Excess Benefit Plan is hereby
  amended in the following respects, effective as of August 11,
  1994:
          1.  Section 2 of the Plan is amended by amending
  the last sentence thereof to read as follows:
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, no employee shall be a
       Participant in Part I of the Plan if he is eligible for
       benefits under (i) the Excess Benefit Plan of Irving
       Bank Corporation and Affiliated Companies,
       (ii) Appendix A to the Plan or (iii) the Preservation of
       Benefits Plan of National Community Bank of New Jersey.
  
          2.  Section 10 of the Plan is amended by amending
  the last sentence thereof to read as follows:
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, no employee shall be a
       Participant in Part II of the Plan if he is eligible for
       benefits under (i) the Excess Benefit Plan of Irving
       Bank Corporation and Affiliated Companies,
       (ii) Appendix A to the Plan or (iii) the Preservation of
       Benefits Plan of National Community Bank of New Jersey.
   
      <PAGE> 2
  
          3.  The following Appendix is added to the Plan:

                          APPENDIX A
  
            Special Retirement Benefits for Former
         Participants in the Preservation of Benefits
        Plan of National Community Bank of New Jersey
  
          Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to
       the contrary, effective as of August 11, 1994, the
       provisions of this Appendix A shall be applicable to
       persons who were participants in the Preservation of
       Benefits Plan of National Community Bank of New Jersey
       (the "POB") on August 10, 1994.  Each such participant
       is referred to hereinafter as a "POB Participant".
  
          Effective as of August 11, 1994, the Company shall
       pay to each POB Participant, or to his beneficiary after
       his death, the benefit to which the Participant (or
       beneficiary) is entitled pursuant to the terms of the
       POB as in effect on August 10, 1994.  Such benefit shall
       be paid in accordance with the provisions of the POB.
  
  
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The Bank of New York Company,
  Inc. has caused this Amendment to be executed by its duly
  authorized officers this 10th day of May, 1994.
  
                              \s\ Alan Griffith
  ATTEST:
  
  \s\ Jacqueline McSwiggan
  
      Assistant Secretary
  
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10J
<TEXT>

  <PAGE> 1                                   EXHIBIT 10(j)
  
                          AMENDMENT
                              TO
                1988 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
            OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
  
  
          WHEREAS, the 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan of The
  Bank of New York Company, Inc. (the "1988 LTIP") was adopted
  by the Board of Directors of The Bank of New York Company,
  Inc. (the "Company"), effective as of January 1, 1988; and
          WHEREAS, Section 17 of the 1988 LTIP provides that
  the Board of Directors of the Company may amend the 1988 LTIP
  at any time; and
          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
  desires to adopt an amendment to the 1988 LTIP;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the 1988 LTIP is hereby amended,
  effective as of October 11, 1994, by amending the second
  paragraph of Section 12 of the 1988 LTIP to read as follows:
          A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to occur if
       (A) any "person" (as such term is defined in Section
       3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
       Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
       "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding
       securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
       or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily
       holding securities pursuant to an offering of such
       securities or a corporation owned, directly or
       indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substan-
       tially the same proportion as their ownership of the
       Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
       defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
       or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing
       25% or more of the combined voting power of the Com-
       pany's then outstanding securities ("Voting
       Securities"); or (B) during any period of not more than
       two years, individuals who constitute the Board of
       Directors of the Company as of the beginning of the
       period and any new director (other than a director
       designated by a person who has entered into an agreement
 
   <PAGE> 2
  with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause
  (A) or (C) of this sentence) whose election by the Board of
  Directors of the Company or nomination for election by the
  Company's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least
  two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who
  either were directors at such time or whose election or
  nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for
  any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the
  shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation
  of the Company with any other corporation, other than a
  merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting
  Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior
  thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
  outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of
  the surviving entity) at least 60% of the combined voting
  power of the Voting Securities of the Company or such
  surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or
  consolidation, or the shareholders of the Company approve a
  plan of complete liquidation of the Company or any agreement
  for the sale or disposition by the Company or all or
  substantially all of the Company's assets.
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10L
<TEXT>

  <PAGE> 1                                   EXHIBIT 10(l)
  
                          AMENDMENT
                              TO
                1993 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
            OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
  
  
          WHEREAS, the 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan of The
  Bank of New York Company, Inc. (the "1993 LTIP") was adopted
  by the Board of Directors of The Bank of New York Company,
  Inc. (the "Company"), effective as of January 1, 1993; and
          WHEREAS, Section 17 of the 1993 LTIP provides that
  the Board of Directors of the Company may amend the 1993 LTIP
  at any time; and
          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
  desires to adopt an amendment to the 1993 LTIP;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the 1993 LTIP is hereby amended,
  effective as of October 11, 1994, by amending the second
  paragraph of Section 12 of the 1993 LTIP to read as follows:
          A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to occur if
       (A) any "person" (as such term is defined in Section
       3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
       Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
       "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding
       securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
       or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily
       holding securities pursuant to an offering of such
       securities or a corporation owned, directly or
       indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substan-
       tially the same proportion as their ownership of the
       Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
       defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
       or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing
       25% or more of the combined voting power of the Com-
       pany's then outstanding securities ("Voting
       Securities"); or (B) during any period of not more than
       two years, individuals who constitute the Board of
       Directors of the Company as of the beginning of the
       period and any new director (other than a director
       designated by a person who has entered into an agreement

   <PAGE> 2
  
  with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause
  (A) or (C) of this sentence) whose election by the Board of
  Directors of the Company or nomination for election by the
  Company's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least
  two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who
  either were directors at such time or whose election or
  nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for
  any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the
  shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation
  of the Company with any other corporation, other than a
  merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting
  Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior
  thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
  outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of
  the surviving entity) at least 60% of the combined voting
  power of the Voting Securities of the Company or such
  surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or
  consolidation, or the shareholders of the Company approve a
  plan of complete liquidation of the Company or any agreement
  for the sale or disposition by the Company or all or
  substantially all of the Company's assets.
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10O
<TEXT>

  <PAGE> 1                              EXHIBIT 10(o)
     
                    AMENDMENT TO
              THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
            SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
  
  
          WHEREAS, The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the "SERP") was
  adopted by the Board of Directors of The Bank of New York
  Company, Inc., effective as of June 9, 1992; and
          WHEREAS, Section 9 of the SERP provides that the
  Board of Directors may amend the SERP at any time, except in
  certain respects not material hereto; and
          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors desires to amend
  the SERP;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the SERP is hereby amended,
  effective as of October 11, 1994, by amending the last
  sentence of Section 5(c) of the SERP to read as follows:
     For purposes of this Section, a "change of control" of
       the Company shall be deemed to occur if (A) any "person"
       (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) and as used
       in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange
       Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), excluding
       The Bank of New York Company, Inc. or any of its
       subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding
       securities under an employee benefit plan of The Bank of
       New York Company, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries, an
       underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to
       an offering of such securities or a corporation owned,
       directly or indirectly, by stockholders of The Bank of
       New York Company, Inc. in substantially the same
       proportion as their ownership of The Bank of New York
       Company, Inc., is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
       defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
       or indirectly, of securities of The Bank of New York
       Company, Inc. representing 25% or more of the combined
       voting power of the then outstanding securities of The
       Bank of New York Company, Inc. ("Voting Securities"); or
       (B) during any period of not more than two years,
       individuals who constitute the Board of Directors of The

<PAGE> 2
  Bank of New York Company, Inc. as of the beginning of
  the period and any new director (other than a director
  designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with
  The Bank of New York Company, Inc. to effect a transaction
  described in clause (A) or (C) of this sentence) whose
  election by the Board of Directors of The Bank of New York
  Company, Inc. or nomination for election by the shareholders
  of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. was approved by a vote
  of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in
  office who either were directors at such time or whose
  election or nomination for election was previously so
  approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority
  thereof; or (C) the shareholders of The Bank of New York
  Company, Inc. approve a merger or consolidation of The Bank
  of New York Company, Inc. with any other corporation, other
  than a merger or consolidation which would result in the
  Voting Securities of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
  outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
  (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into
  Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 60% of
  the combined voting power of the Voting Securities of The
  Bank of New York Company, Inc. or such surviving entity
  outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation,
  or the shareholders of The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
  approve a plan of complete liquidation of The Bank of New
  York Company, Inc. or any agreement for the sale or
  disposition by The Bank of New York Company, Inc. or all or
  substantially all of the assets of The Bank of New York
  Company, Inc.
  
  
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
  has caused this Amendment to be executed by its duly
  authorized officers this 14 day of March, 1995.
  
                              \s\ Alan Griffith
  
  ATTEST:
  
  \s\ Jacqueline McSwiggan
  Assistant Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10R
<TEXT>

  <PAGE> 1                                   EXHIBIT 10 (r)
  
                         AMENDMENT TO
                   GRANTOR TRUST AGREEMENT
  
  
          THIS AGREEMENT, made as of October 11, 1994, by and
  between THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC., a corporation
  organized and existing under the laws of the State of New
  York (hereinafter referred to as the "Company"), and UNITED
  STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a corporation organized and
  existing under the laws of the State of New York (hereinafter
  referred to as the "Trustee"),
                    W I T N E S S E T H :
          WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee entered into a
  Grantor Trust Agreement dated as of November 16, 1993 (the
  "Agreement"); and
          WHEREAS, Article TWELFTH of the Agreement provides
  that the Company may amend the Agreement; and
          WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend the Agreement
  in a certain respect;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Trustee agree
  that the Agreement is amended, effective as of October 11,
  1994, by amending Article FIRST in its entirety to read as
  follows:
          FIRST:    Definition of Change in Control.  For
       purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall
       be deemed to occur if (A) any "person" (as such term is
       defined in Section 3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d)
       and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
       amended (the "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or
       any of its subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary
       holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the
       Company or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter

  <PAGE> 2
  temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering
  of such securities or a corporation owned, directly or
  indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially
  the same proportion as their ownership of the Company, is or
  becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3
  under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of
  securities of the Company representing 25% or more of the
  combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding
  securities ("Voting Securities"); or (B) during any period of
  not more than two years, individuals who constitute the Board
  of Directors of the Company as of the beginning of the period
  and any new director (other than a director designated by a
  person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to
  effect a transaction described in clause (A) or (C) of this
  sentence) whose election by the Board of Directors of the
  Company or nomination for election by the Company's
  shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
  (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were
  directors at such time or whose election or nomination for
  election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to
  constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the shareholders of the
  Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with
  any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation
  which would result in the Voting Securities of the Company
  outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
  (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into
  Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 60% of
  the combined voting power of the Voting Securities of the
  Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately
  after such merger or consolidation, or the shareholders of
  the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the
  Company or any agreement for the sale or disposition by the
  Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets.
  
          Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this
  Agreement, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have
  knowledge that a Change in Control has occurred until it
  
  <PAGE> 3
       has received written notice thereof from the Company or a
       Covered Participant.
  
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
  this Agreement to be executed in their respective names by
  their duly authorized officers under their corporate seals as
  of the day and year first above written.

                         THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
  
  
  
                         By \s\ Deno D. Papageorge
                              Senior Executive Vice President
  
  ATTEST:
  
  \s\ Jacqueline McSwiggan
  
  
  
                         UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY
                           OF NEW YORK
  
  
  
                         By \s\ Martha C. Dyer
                                   Vice President      
  ATTEST:
  
  \s\ William H. Schroder
   Senior Vice President
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10S
<TEXT>

  <PAGE> 1                                   Exhibit 10(s)
  
                   GRANTOR TRUST AGREEMENT
  
  
          THIS AGREEMENT, made as of the  15th day of
  December, 1994, by and between THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY,
  INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of
  the State of New York (hereinafter referred to as the "Com-
  pany"), and UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a cor-
  poration organized and existing under the laws of the State
  of New York (hereinafter referred to as the "Trustee"),
                               W I T N E S S E T H :
          WHEREAS, the Company is obligated under certain
  executive compensation plans and agreements, which are listed
  on Exhibit I hereto (the "Plans"), to make payment of certain
  amounts to current employees of the Company and its sub-
  sidiaries (the "Participants") under certain circumstances;
  and
          WHEREAS, the Company wishes to provide a separate
  source of funds to enable payment of such amounts to certain
  Participants who are intended to be covered by this Agreement
  (the "Covered Participants"); and
          WHEREAS, the Trustee is not a party to the Plans
  and makes no representations with respect thereto, and all
  representations and recitals with respect to the Plans shall
  be deemed to be those of the Company;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Trustee agree
  as follows:

<PAGE> 2

          FIRST:    Definition of Change in Control.  For
  purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall be
  deemed to occur if (A) any "person" (as such term is defined
  in Section 3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
  "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its
  subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities
  under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its
  subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily holding securities
  pursuant to an offering of such securities or a corporation
  owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company
  in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of
  the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined
  in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
  indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 25% or
  more of the combined voting power of the Company's then out-
  standing securities ("Voting Securities"); or (B) during any
  period of not more than two years, individuals who constitute
  the Board of Directors of the Company as of the beginning of
  the period and any new director (other than a director
  designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with
  the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (A)
  or (C) of this sentence) whose election by the Board of
  Directors of the Company or nomination for election by the
  Company's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least
  two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who

<PAGE> 3

  either were directors at such time or whose election or
  nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for
  any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the
  shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation
  of the Company with any other corporation, other than a
  merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting
  Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior
  thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
  outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of
  the surviving entity) at least 60% of the combined voting
  power of the Voting Securities of the Company or such
  surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or
  consolidation, or the shareholders of the Company approve a
  plan of complete liquidation of the Company or any agreement
  for the sale or disposition by the Company or all or
  substantially all of the Company's assets.
          Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this
  Agreement, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge
  that a Change in Control has occurred until it has received
  written notice thereof from the Company or a Covered
  Participant.
          SECOND:   Creation of Trust.  (a)  The Company
  hereby establishes with the Trustee and the Trustee hereby
  accepts a trust consisting of such cash, Letters of Credit
  (as defined herein) or other property acceptable to the
  Trustee as shall be paid or delivered to the Trustee from
 
<PAGE> 4

  time to time (hereafter called the "Fund").  The Company may,
  in its discretion, deliver to the Trustee one or more
  irrevocable letters of credit, which shall be substantially
  in the form of Exhibit II hereto (referred to hereinafter as
  the "Letters of Credit").  Each Letter of Credit shall name
  the Trustee as beneficiary and shall provide that any notices
  to the Trustee thereunder shall be sent to it at the address
  specified in Article TENTH.
          (b)  The Trustee shall hold the Fund in trust and
  manage and administer it in accordance with the terms and
  provisions of this Agreement.
          (c)  The trust created herein is intended to be a
  Grantor Trust under the provisions of Sections 671 through
  677 of the Internal Revenue Code.
          (d)  The Company may, prior to a Change in Control,
  revoke the trust by written notice to the Trustee.  Upon such
  revocation, the Trustee shall cancel all Letters of Credit,
  the trust shall terminate and all assets of the Fund, after
  payment of any unpaid fees and expenses of the Trustee, shall
  be paid to the Company.
          (e)  After a Change in Control, the trust shall
  become irrevocable and shall be held for the exclusive
  purpose of providing benefits to Covered Participants in
  accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
          THIRD:  Payments from Fund.  (a)  The Company shall
  provide the Trustee with a schedule (the "Payment Schedule")
  
<PAGE> 5
  
  of Participants, indicating (i) the amount payable to or in
  respect of each Covered Participant upon such Covered Par-
  ticipant's termination of employment or providing formulae,
  or instructions, acceptable to the Trustee, utilizing readily
  determinable and objective information, for determining such
  amounts, (ii) the form in which such amount is to be paid (as
  provided for or available under the Plans), and (iii) the
  time for commencement of such payment.  As appropriate, based
  upon the terms of the Plans and the implementation of those
  terms by the Company, and at least annually, the Company
  shall adjust the amounts payable to or in respect of
  Participants, shall add or delete Participants at any time
  prior to a Change in Control and, if appropriate, shall
  change the formulae or instructions for determining such
  amounts (provided such formulae or instructions are
  acceptable to the Trustee) by submitting a new or amending
  the existing Payment Schedule.  The Company shall provide
  promptly to each Covered Participant the information on the
  Payment Schedule pertaining to that Covered Participant,
  including all changes and adjustments.  In the event of any
  change in the Payment Schedule after a Change in Control or
  if after a Change in Control the Payment Schedule is not
  adjusted or changed at a time when a Covered Participant
  believes it should, the Covered Participant affected thereby
  shall have the right, if he disagrees with such adjustment or
  change or failure to make an adjustment or change, to furnish
 
<PAGE> 6

  information to the Trustee concerning the appropriate amount
  payable to the Covered Participant.  The Trustee shall be
  obligated to pay from the Fund amounts based upon a Payment
  Schedule as adjusted, if applicable, to reflect information
  supplied by the Covered Participant.  After a Change in
  Control, no additions to or deletions from the list of
  Covered Participants shall be permitted.
          (b)  The Trustee shall create a separate account
  (the "Account") in the Fund for each Covered Participant.  At
  the time of each contribution to the Fund or establishment
  and delivery to the Trustee of a Letter of Credit, the
  Company shall designate in writing the allocation among the
  Accounts of such contribution and Letter of Credit.  The
  Trustee shall hold all Accounts as a consolidated single
  fund.  The Fund shall be revalued by the Trustee as of the
  last business day of each calendar quarter at current market
  values, as determined by the Trustee.  For valuation
  purposes, a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to have a fair
  market value equal to the remaining amount available for draw
  under the Letter of Credit on the last business day of the
  applicable calendar quarter.  Net investment gains and losses
  shall be allocated by the Trustee proportionately among the
  Accounts as of the end of each calendar quarter based on the
  value of the Accounts as of the last business day of the
  preceding calendar quarter.  The Trustee shall maintain a
  record of the value of each Account based on the aggregate
 
<PAGE> 7

  value of the Trust Fund, the information provided by the
  Company as to its contributions and its establishment and
  delivery of Letters of Credit with respect to each Account
  and any payments therefrom.  To the extent an amount remains
  credited to a Covered Participant's Account after the
  Company's liability to him under all Plans has been paid in
  full, such excess shall, as of the end of the calendar
  quarter in which final payment has been made, be reallocated
  to the Accounts of all other Covered Participants in
  proportion to the amounts credited to the Accounts of such
  Covered Participants, unless the Company directs the Trustee,
  prior to a Change in Control, to cancel or reduce a Letter of
  Credit allocated to the Covered Participant's Account in an
  amount equal to such excess.  Notwithstanding the amount
  credited to a Covered Participant's Account pursuant to this
  paragraph, in no event shall a Covered Participant be
  entitled to payment hereunder of more than the Company's
  liability to him under the Plans.
          (c)(1)  In the event it shall be determined prior
  to a Change In Control that any Covered Participant is sub-
  ject to any tax under the terms of the trust created here-
  under, then the Trustee, upon receipt of written direction
  from the Company, shall make payments from the Fund to such
  persons, in such manner and in such amounts as the Company
  shall direct, for purposes of paying the amount of federal,
  state and local tax and interest and any penalties thereon

<PAGE> 8

  which such Covered Participant may incur arising out of such
  determination.  In the event such a determination is made
  after a Change In Control occurs, then the Trustee shall make
  payments from the Fund to such Covered Participant for the
  purposes set forth in the preceding sentence upon notice
  thereof from the Covered Participant.
          (2)  Any payment from the Fund pursuant to Sec-
  tion (c)(1) of this Article shall be charged to the Accounts
  of those Participants to whom (or on whose behalf) such a
  distribution is made, under the appropriate Plan or Plans.
          (d)  The Company may, by notice to the Trustee
  prior to a Change in Control, direct the Trustee to pay the
  Company such amount as is specified in the notice, cancel one
  or more Letters of Credit as specified in the notice, or
  reduce one or more Letters of Credit by such amount as is
  specified in the notice.  In addition, such notice shall set
  forth the Account or Accounts which shall be debited with
  respect to such payment, cancellation or reduction.  If the
  amount which would remain in the Fund after any such payment
  would be less than the unpaid fees and expenses of the
  Trustee, then the Trustee may deduct such fees and expenses
  from the payment that would otherwise be made to the Company.
          (e)  Any direction, designation or notice by the
  Company required under this Article shall be in writing.  Any
  direction by the Company with respect to a payment from the
  Fund shall be accompanied by a certification by the Company
 
<PAGE> 9

  that the payment directed is in conformity with Article
  THIRTEENTH hereof.  The Trustee shall not be liable in any
  way for any payment made pursuant to any such direction of
  the Company.  In addition, the Trustee shall not be liable in
  any way for any payment made based on information supplied to
  it by the Company.
          FOURTH:  (a)  Management of Assets of Fund.  Sub-
  ject to paragraph (b) of this Article, the Trustee, prior to
  a Change In Control, shall have exclusive authority and
  discretion to manage and control the assets of the Fund,
  other than Letters of Credit, and pursuant to such authority
  and discretion may exercise from time to time and at any time
  power:
          (i)  To invest and reinvest the Fund, without
       distinction between principal and income, in shares of
       stock (whether common or preferred) or other evidences
       of ownership, bonds, debentures, notes or other
       evidences of indebtedness, unsecured or secured by
       mortgages on real or personal property wherever situated
       (including any part interest in a bond and mortgage or
       note and mortgage whether insured or uninsured) and
       other property, or part interest in property, real or
       personal, foreign or domestic, whether or not productive
       of income or consisting of wasting assets, and in order
       to reduce the rate of interest rate fluctuations,
       contracts, as either buyer or seller, for the future
  
<PAGE> 10

       delivery of United States Treasury securities and com-
       parable United States Government-backed securities;
         (ii)  To sell, convey, redeem, exchange, grant
       options for the purchase or exchange of, or otherwise
       dispose of, any real or personal property, at public or
       private sale, for cash or upon credit, with or without
       security, without obligation on the part of any person
       dealing with the Trustee to see to the application of
       the proceeds of or to inquire into the validity,
       expediency or propriety of any such disposition;
        (iii)  To manage, operate, repair and improve, and
       mortgage or lease for any length of time any real prop-
       erty held in the Fund; to renew or extend any mortgage,
       upon any terms the Trustee may deem expedient; to agree
       to reduction of the rate of interest or any other modi-
       fication in the terms of any mortgage or of any guar-
       antee pertaining to it; to enforce any covenant or
       condition of any mortgage or guarantee or to waive any
       default in the performance thereof; to exercise and
       enforce any right of foreclosure; to bid in property on
       foreclosure; to take a deed in lieu of foreclosure with
       or without paying consideration therefor and in connec-
       tion therewith to release the obligation on the bond
       secured by the mortgage; and to exercise and enforce in
       any action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity any
 
<PAGE> 11
 
       rights or remedies in respect of any mortgage or
       guarantee;
         (iv)  To exercise, personally or by general or
       limited proxy, the right to vote any shares of stock,
       bonds or other securities held in the Fund; to delegate
       discretionary voting power to trustees of a voting trust
       for any period of time; and to exercise, personally or
       by power of attorney, any other right appurtenant to any
       securities or other property of the Fund;
          (v)  To join in or oppose any reorganization,
       recapitalization, consolidation, merger or liquidation,
       or any plan therefor, or any lease, mortgage or sale of
       the property of any organization the securities of which
       are held in the Fund; to pay from the Fund any assess-
       ments, charges or compensation specified in any plan of
       reorganization, recapitalization, consolidation, merger
       or liquidation; to deposit any property with any
       committee or depositary; and to retain any property
       allotted to the Fund in any reorganization, recapital-
       ization, consolidation, merger or liquidation;
         (vi)  To exercise or sell any conversion or sub-
       scription or other rights appurtenant to any stock,
       security or other property held in the Fund;
        (vii)  To borrow from any lender (other than the
       Trustee in its individual capacity or the Company or any
       of its affiliates) money, in any amount and upon any

<PAGE> 12

       reasonable terms and conditions, for purposes of this
       Agreement, and to pledge or mortgage any property held
       in the Fund to secure the repayment of any such loan;
        (viii)  To compromise, settle or arbitrate any claim,
       debt, or obligation of or against the Fund; to enforce
       or abstain from enforcing any right, claim, debt or
       obligation; and to abandon any property determined by it
       to be worthless; and
         (ix)  To make loans of securities held in the Fund
       to registered brokers and dealers upon such terms and
       conditions as are permitted by applicable law and regu-
       lations, and in each instance to permit the securities
       so lent to be registered in the name of the borrower or
       a nominee of the borrower, provided that in each
       instance the loan is adequately secured and neither the
       borrower nor any affiliate of the borrower has discre-
       tionary authority or control with respect to the assets
       of the Fund involved in the transaction or renders
       investment advice with respect to those assets.
          (b)  The Company shall deliver to the Trustee each
  Letter of Credit established for the Fund as executed by the
  bank issuing such credit.  On the last business day of each
  month, the Trustee shall draw on the Letters of Credit to the
  extent the assets of the Fund are not sufficient to make
  payments required to be made under the Payment Schedule
  during the next six months.  Amounts received on the draw of

<PAGE> 13

  any Letter of Credit shall reduce the allocation of the
  Letter of Credit to those Covered Participants for whom such
  Letter of Credit was previously allocated and shall be allo-
  cated to the Accounts of such Covered Participants as if such
  amounts were contributions to the Fund.
          If the Trustee receives written notice prior to the
  expiration or cancellation of a Letter of Credit from the
  bank which issued such Letter of Credit, referencing the
  Letter of Credit by number, signed by an officer of such
  bank, and stating that such Letter of Credit is due to expire
  and has not been extended, or is being cancelled (other than
  a cancellation pursuant to paragraph (d) of Article THIRD),
  the Trustee shall draw on such Letter of Credit to the full
  extent thereof prior to the expiration of such Letter of
  Credit (but in no event earlier than the fifth business day
  prior to such expiration) unless, prior to taking such
  action, the Trustee has received a replacement Letter of
  Credit or cash or other property in at least the remaining
  amount available to be drawn under the Letter of Credit which
  is due to expire or is being cancelled.
          The Trustee shall have no obligation to earn any
  income with respect to any Letters of Credit which are held
  by it as part of the Fund.  In the event that the Trustee
  shall resign or be removed, and a successor trustee shall be
  appointed hereunder, the rights and obligations of the
  Trustee under each Letter of Credit shall automatically

<PAGE> 14

  become the rights and obligations of the successor trustee,
  and the Trustee shall have no further rights, duties, obli-
  gations or liabilities with respect to any Letter of Credit.
          (c)  After a Change In Control occurs and subject
  to paragraph (g) of Article SIXTH hereof, the Trustee shall
  invest and reinvest the Fund, other than Letters of Credit,
  without distinction between principal and income, in direct
  obligations of the United States of America or agencies or
  instrumentalities thereof, obligations unconditionally and
  fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United
  States of America, and certificates of deposit and bankers'
  acceptances of a bank organized and existing under the laws
  of the United States of America or any State thereof which
  has a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000,
  all having respective maturities of not more than one year
  when purchased.
          FIFTH:  Administrative Powers.  The Trustee shall
  have and in its sole and absolute discretion may exercise
  from time to time and at any time the following administra-
  tive powers and authority with respect to the Fund:
          (a)  To continue to hold any property of the Fund
  whether or not productive of income; to reserve from
  investment and keep unproductive of income, without liability
  for interest, cash temporarily awaiting investment and such
  cash as it deems advisable or as the Company from time to
  time may specify prior to a Change In Control in order to

<PAGE> 15

  meet the administrative expenses of the Fund or anticipated
  distributions therefrom.
          (b)  To hold property of the Fund in its own name
  or in the name of a nominee or nominees, without disclosure
  of the trust, or in bearer form so that it will pass by
  delivery, but no such holding shall relieve the Trustee of
  its responsibility for the safe custody and disposition of
  the Fund in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; 
  the Trustee's books and records shall at all times show that
  such property is part of the Fund; and the Trustee shall be
  absolutely liable for any loss occasioned by the acts of its
  nominee or nominees with respect to securities registered in
  the name of the nominee or nominees;
          (c)  To organize and incorporate under the laws of
  any state it may deem advisable one or more corporations (and
  to acquire an interest in any such corporation that it may
  have organized and incorporated) for the purpose of acquiring
  and holding title to any property, interests or rights that
  the Trustee is authorized to acquire under Article FOURTH
  hereof;
          (d)  To employ in the management of the Fund
  suitable agents, without liability for any loss occasioned by
  any such agents selected by the Trustee with the care, skill,
  prudence and diligence under the circumstances then pre-
  vailing that a prudent man acting in a like capacity and
  
<PAGE> 16

  familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of an
  enterprise of a like character and with like aims;
          (e)  To make, execute and deliver, as Trustee, any
  deeds, conveyances, leases, mortgages, contracts, waivers or
  other instruments in writing that the Trustee may deem
  necessary or desirable in the exercise of its powers under
  this Agreement;
          (f)  To hold and draw upon any Letter of Credit in
  accordance with paragraph (b) of Article FOURTH; and
          (g)  To do all other acts that the Trustee may deem
  necessary or proper to carry out any of the powers set forth
  in Articles FOURTH, FIFTH and SIXTH hereof or otherwise in
  the best interests of the Fund.
          SIXTH:  Annuity Contracts.  (a)  The Trustee, upon
  written direction of the Company prior to a Change In Con-
  trol, shall pay from the Fund such sums to such insurance
  company or companies as the Company may direct for the pur-
  pose of procuring individual or group annuity contracts for
  any retirement allowance payable under a Plan (hereinafter in
  this Article referred to as "Contracts").  The Company shall
  prepare, or cause to be prepared in such form as it shall
  prescribe, the application for any Contract to be applied
  for.  The Trustee shall receive and hold in the Fund, subject
  to the provisions hereinafter set forth in this Article, all
  Contracts so obtained.
 
<PAGE> 17

         (b)  The Trustee shall be the complete and absolute
  owner of Contracts held in the Fund and, upon written direc-
  tion of the Company prior to a Change In Control, shall have
  power, without the consent of any other person, to exercise
  any and all of the rights, options or privileges that belong
  to the absolute owner of any Contract held in the Fund or
  that are granted by the terms of any such Contract or by the
  terms of this Agreement.  The Trustee shall have no discre-
  tion with respect to the exercise of any of the foregoing
  powers or to take any other action permitted by any Contract
  held in the Fund, but shall exercise such powers or take such
  action only upon the written direction of the Company prior
  to a Change In Control; the Trustee shall have no duty to
  exercise any of such powers or to take any such action unless
  and until it shall have received such direction.  The
  Trustee, upon the written direction of the Company prior to a
  Change In Control, shall deliver any Contract held in the
  Fund to such person or persons as may be specified in the
  direction.
          (c)  The Trustee shall hold in the Fund the pro-
  ceeds of any sale, assignment or surrender of any Contract
  held in the Fund and any and all dividends and other payments
  of any kind received in respect of any Contract held in the
  Fund.
          (d)  Upon the written direction of the Company
  prior to a Change In Control, the Trustee shall pay from the
 
<PAGE> 18

  Fund premiums, assessments, dues, charges and interest, if
  any, upon any Contract held in the Fund.  After a Change In
  Control occurs, the Trustee shall pay from the Fund premiums,
  assessments, dues, charges and interest, if any, upon any
  Contract held in the Fund, without direction from the
  Company.
          (e)  No insurance company that may issue any
  Contract or Contracts held in the Fund shall be deemed to be
  a party to this Agreement for any purpose, or to be respon-
  sible in any way for the validity of this Agreement or to
  have any liability under this Agreement other than as stated
  in each Contract that it may issue.  Any insurance company
  may deal with the Trustee as sole owner of any Contract
  issued by it and held in the Fund, without inquiry as to the
  authority of the Trustee to act, and may accept and rely upon
  any written notice, instruction, direction, certificate or
  other communication from the Trustee believed by it to be
  genuine and to be signed by an officer of the Trustee and
  shall incur no liability or responsibility for so doing.  Any
  sums paid out by any insurance company under any of the terms
  of a Contract issued by it and held in the Fund either to the
  Trustee, or, in accordance with its direction, to any other
  person or persons designated as payees in such Contract shall
  be a full and complete discharge of the liability to pay such
  sums, and the insurance company shall have no obligation to
  look to the disposition of any sums so paid.  No insurance

<PAGE> 19

  company shall be required to look into the terms of this
  Agreement, to question any action of the Trustee or to see
  that any action of the Trustee is authorized by the terms of
  this Agreement.
          (f)  Anything contained herein to the contrary
  notwithstanding, neither the Company nor the Trustee shall be
  liable for the refusal of any insurance company to issue or
  change any Contract or Contracts or to take any other action
  requested by the Trustee; nor for the form, genuineness,
  validity, sufficiency or effect of any Contract or Contracts
  held in the Fund; nor for the act of any person or persons
  that may render any such Contract or Contracts null and void;
  nor for the failure of any insurance company to pay the
  proceeds and avails of any such Contract or Contracts as and
  when the same shall become due and payable; nor for any delay
  in payment resulting from any provision contained in any such
  Contract or Contracts; nor for the fact that for any reason
  whatsoever (other than their own negligence or willful
  misconduct) any Contract or Contracts shall lapse or
  otherwise become uncollectible.
          (g)  After a Change In Control occurs, the Trustee
  may exercise any of the powers set forth in paragraphs (a)
  through (f) of this Article without direction from the Com-
  pany, including the power to purchase Contracts the rates of
  return and maturity dates of which may reasonably be expected
  to yield assets of the Fund sufficient to discharge all or a

<PAGE> 20

  portion of the Company's obligations for retirement allow-
  ances under the Plans as set forth in the most recent infor-
  mation furnished to the Trustee by the Company prior to such
  Change In Control.
          SEVENTH:  Taxes, Expenses and Compensation of
  Trustee.  (a)  The Company shall pay any federal, state,
  local or other taxes imposed or levied with respect to the
  corpus and/or income of the Fund or any part thereof under
  existing or future laws and, the Company in its discretion,
  or the Trustee, in its discretion, may contest the validity
  or amount of any tax, assessment, claim or demand respecting
  the Fund or any part thereof.
          (b)  The Company shall pay to the Trustee from time
  to time such reasonable compensation for its services as
  trustee as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the
  Trustee.  The Company shall also pay the reasonable and
  necessary expenses incurred by the Trustee in the performance
  of its duties under the Agreement, including reasonable fees
  of counsel engaged by the Trustee pursuant to paragraph (b)
  of Article EIGHTH of this Agreement.  Such compensation and
  expenses shall be charged against and paid from the Fund to
  the extent not paid by the Company.
          EIGHTH:  General Duties of Trustee.  (a)  The
  Trustee shall discharge its duties under this Agreement
  solely in the interest of the beneficiaries of the Fund and
  (i) for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to such

<PAGE> 21

  beneficiaries and defraying reasonable expenses of admini-
  stering the Fund; (ii) with the care, skill, prudence and
  diligence under the circumstances then prevailing that a
  prudent man acting in a like capacity and familiar with such
  matters would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a like
  character and with like aims; and (iii) by diversifying the
  investments of the Fund so as to minimize the risk of large
  losses, unless under the circumstances it is clearly prudent
  not to do so.
          (b)  The Trustee may consult with counsel, who may
  be counsel for the Company or for the Trustee in its indivi-
  dual capacity, and shall not be deemed imprudent by reason of
  its taking or refraining from taking any action in accordance
  with the opinion of counsel.  The Trustee shall not be
  required to give any bond or any other security for the
  faithful performance of its duties under this Agreement,
  except as required by law.
          (c)  The Trustee shall be under no duties whatso-
  ever, except such duties as are specifically set forth as
  such in this Agreement, and no implied covenant or obligation
  shall be read into this Agreement against the Trustee.  The
  Trustee shall not be compelled to take any action toward the
  execution or performance of the trust created hereunder or to
  prosecute or defend any suit or claim in respect thereof,
  unless indemnified to its satisfaction against loss,
  liability, and reasonable costs and expenses. 

<PAGE> 22

  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event
  that the bank issuing a Letter of Credit shall fail or refuse
  to pay upon any draw thereunder, the Trustee will not be
  obligated to pursue any remedy against such issuing bank
  unless it shall have first received from the Company, the
  Participants or any of them security or indemnity to its
  satisfaction against the costs and expenses (including
  attorney's fees) which may be incurred therein or thereby. 
  The Trustee shall be under no liability or obligation to
  anyone with respect to any failure on the part of the Company
  to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.
          (d)  The Company shall pay and shall protect,
  indemnify and save harmless the Trustee and its officers,
  directors or trustees, employees and agents from and against
  any and all losses, liabilities (including liabilities for
  penalties), actions, suits, judgments, demands, damages,
  reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
  reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) of any nature
  arising from or relating to any action or failure to act by
  the Trustee, its officers, directors or trustees, employees
  and agents or the transactions contemplated by this Agree-
  ment, except to the extent that any such loss, liability,
  action, suit, demand, damage, cost or expense is the result
  of the negligence or willful misconduct of the Trustee, its
  officers, directors or trustees, employees or agents.

<PAGE> 23

          NINTH:  Accounts of Trustee.  (a)(i)  The Trustee
  shall keep accurate and detailed accounts of all its
  receipts, investments and disbursements under this Agreement. 
  Such person or persons as the Company shall designate shall
  be allowed to inspect the books of account relating to the
  Fund upon request at any reasonable time during the business
  hours of the Trustee.
         (ii)  Within 120 days after the close of each
  calendar year, the Trustee shall transmit to the Company, and
  certify the accuracy of, a written statement of the assets
  and liabilities of the Fund at the close of that year,
  showing the current value of each asset at that date, and a
  written account of all the Trustee's transactions relating to
  the Fund during the period from the last previous accounting
  to the close of that year.  (For the purposes of this
  paragraph, the date of the Trustee's resignation or removal
  as provided in Article ELEVENTH hereof shall be deemed to be
  the close of a calendar year.)
        (iii)  Unless the Company shall have filed with the
  Trustee written exceptions or objections to any such
  statement and account within 60 days after receipt thereof,
  the Company shall be deemed to have approved such statement
  and account; and in such case or upon the written approval by
  the Company of any such statement and account, the Trustee
  shall be forever released and discharged with respect to all
  matters and things embraced in such statement and account as

<PAGE> 24

  though it had been settled by decree of a court of competent
  jurisdiction in an action or proceeding to which the Company
  and all persons having any beneficial interest in the Fund
  were parties.
          (b)  Nothing contained in this Agreement or in the
  Plans shall deprive the Trustee of the right to have a judi-
  cial settlement of its accounts.  In any proceeding for a
  judicial settlement the Trustee's accounts or for instruc-
  tions in connection with the Fund, the only other necessary
  party thereto in addition to the Trustee shall be the
  Company.  If the Trustee so elects, it may bring in as a
  party or parties defendant any other person or persons.  No
  person interested in the Fund, other than the Company, shall
  have a right to compel an accounting, judicial or otherwise,
  by the Trustee, and each such person shall be bound by all
  accounting by the Trustee to the Company, as herein provided,
  as if the account had been settled by decree of a court of
  competent jurisdiction in an action or proceeding to which
  such person was a party.
          TENTH:  Administration of the Plans; Communica-
  tions.  (a)  The Company shall administer the Plans as pro-
  vided therein, and subject to paragraph (b) of Article THIRD
  hereof or subject to any delegation by the Company and
  assumption by the Trustee of the duties of administering the
  Plans, the Trustee shall not be responsible in any respect
  for administering the Plans nor shall the Trustee be

<PAGE> 25

  responsible for the adequacy of the Fund to meet and dis-
  charge all payments and liabilities under the Plans.  The
  Trustee shall be fully protected in relying upon any written
  notice, instruction, direction or other communication signed
  by an officer of the Company.  The Company from time to time
  shall furnish the Trustee with the names and specimen
  signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to act
  or give directions hereunder and shall promptly notify the
  Trustee of the termination of office of any such officer of
  the Company and the appointment of a successor thereto. 
  Until notified to the contrary, the Trustee shall be fully
  protected in relying upon the most recent list of the
  officers of the Company furnished to it by the Company.
          (b)  Any action required by any provision of this
  Agreement to be taken by the Board of Directors of the Com-
  pany shall be evidenced by a resolution of the Board of
  Directors certified to the Trustee by the Secretary or an
  Assistant Secretary of the Company under its corporate seal,
  and the Trustee shall be fully protected in relying upon any
  resolution so certified to it.  Unless other evidence with
  respect thereto has been specifically prescribed in this
  Agreement, any other action of the Company under any provi-
  sion of this Agreement, including any approval of or excep-
  tions to the Trustee's accounts, shall be evidenced by a
  certificate signed by an officer of the Company, and the
  Trustee shall be fully protected in relying upon such

<PAGE> 26

  certificate.  The Trustee may accept a certificate signed by
  an officer of the Company as proof of any fact or matter that
  it deems necessary or desirable to have established in the
  administration of the trust (unless other evidence of such
  fact or matter is expressly prescribed herein), and the
  Trustee shall be fully protected in relying upon the state-
  ments in the certificate.
          (c)  The Trustee shall be entitled conclusively to
  rely upon any written notice, instruction, direction,
  certificate or other communication believed by it to be
  genuine and to be signed by the proper person or persons, and
  the Trustee shall be under no duty to make investigation or
  inquiry as to the truth or accuracy of any statement con-
  tained therein.
          (d)  Until notice be given to the contrary, com-
  munications to the Trustee shall be sent to it at its office
  at 770 Broadway, New York, New York 10003-9548, Attention: 
  Department Manager, Employee Benefits Services; communica-
  tions to the Company shall be sent to it at its office at
  48 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, Attention:  General
  Counsel.
          ELEVENTH:  Resignation or Removal of Trustee. 
  (a)  The Trustee may resign at any time upon 60 days' written
  notice to the Company, or upon shorter notice if acceptable
  to the Company.  The Company, by action of its Board of
  Directors, may remove the Trustee at any time upon 60 days'

<PAGE> 27

  written notice to the Trustee, or upon shorter notice if
  acceptable to the Trustee.  In the event it resigns or is
  removed, the Trustee shall have a right to have its accounts
  settled as provided in Article NINTH hereof.
          (b)  Upon the resignation or removal of the
  Trustee, the Company, by action of its Board of Directors,
  shall appoint a successor trustee which shall be a bank as
  defined under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, having a
  net worth in excess of $100,000,000 or having assets in
  excess of $2,000,000,000, other than the Company or any
  corporation that, directly or through one or more inter-
  mediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common
  control with the Company, to act hereunder after the effec-
  tive date of such removal or resignation.  Each successor
  trustee shall have the powers and duties conferred upon the
  Trustee in this Agreement, and the term "Trustee" as used in
  this Agreement shall be deemed to include any successor
  trustee.  Upon designation or appointment of a successor
  trustee, the Trustee shall transfer and deliver the Fund to
  the successor trustee, reserving such sums as the Trustee
  shall deem necessary to defray its expenses in settling its
  accounts, to pay any of its compensation due and unpaid and
  to discharge any obligation of the Fund for which the Trustee
  may be liable.  If the sums so reserved are not sufficient
  for these purposes, the Trustee shall be entitled to recover
  the amount of any deficiency from either the Company or the

<PAGE> 28

  successor trustee, or both.  When the Fund shall have been
  transferred and delivered to the successor trustee and the
  accounts of the Trustee have been settled as provided in
  Article NINTH hereof, the Trustee shall be released and
  discharged from all further accountability or liability for
  the Fund and shall not be responsible in any way for the
  further disposition of the Fund or any part thereof.
          TWELFTH:  Amendment of Agreement.  (a)  Subject to
  paragraph (b) of this Article TWELFTH, the Company expressly
  reserves the right at any time to amend this Agreement and
  the trust created thereby to any extent that it may deem
  advisable.  No such amendment shall be made that affects the
  duties or responsibilities of the Trustee without its consent
  thereto in writing.  Such amendment shall become effective
  upon delivery to the Trustee of a written instrument of
  amendment, duly executed and acknowledged by the Company and
  accompanied by a certified copy of a resolution of the Board
  of Directors of the Company authorizing such amendment.
          (b)  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this
  Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement and the trust
  created thereby may not be amended after the date a Change In
  Control occurs without the written consent of two-thirds in
  number of the Covered Participants.  The Trustee may request
  that the Company furnish evidence to establish that such a
  majority in number of such Covered Participants have granted
  written consent to such an amendment.

<PAGE> 29

          THIRTEENTH:  Prohibition of Diversion.  (a)  Except
  as provided in paragraph (b) below and in paragraphs (b)
  and (d) of Article THIRD, at no time prior to the satisfac-
  tion of all liabilities with respect to Covered Participants
  and their beneficiaries shall any part of the corpus and/or
  income of the Fund be used for, or diverted to, purposes
  other than for the exclusive benefit of Covered Participants
  and their beneficiaries and the assets of the Fund shall
  never inure to the benefit of the Company and shall be held
  for the exclusive purposes of providing benefits to Covered
  Participants and their beneficiaries and defraying reasonable
  expenses of administering the Fund.  Upon satisfaction of all
  liabilities with respect to Covered Participants and their
  beneficiaries under the Plans, this Agreement and the trust
  shall be terminated and the remaining assets of the Fund
  shall be distributed to the Company.
          (b)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this
  Agreement to the contrary, the corpus and/or income of the
  Fund shall at all times be subject to the claims of creditors
  of the Company.  In the event that (i) a final judicial
  determination is entered that the Company is unable to pay
  its debts as such debts mature or (ii) there shall have been
  filed by or against the Company in any court or other tri-
  bunal either of the United States or of any State or of any
  other authority now or hereafter exercising jurisdiction, a
  petition in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or for

<PAGE> 30

  reorganization or for the appointment of a receiver or
  trustee of all or substantially all of the Company's property
  under the present or any future federal bankruptcy code or
  any other present or future applicable federal, state or
  other bankruptcy or insolvency statute or law, then the
  Trustee shall not make payments from the Fund to any bene-
  ficiary, but under either of such circumstances, the Trustee
  shall deliver any property held in the Fund only as a court
  or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction may direct to
  satisfy the claims of the Company's creditors.  The Board of
  Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
  shall furnish the Trustee with written notice of such final
  judicial determination or filing described herein.
          If the Trustee receives a written allegation from a
  person claiming to be a creditor of the Company that the
  Company is unable to pay its debts as they mature, the
  Trustee shall, within the 30-day period from the date of
  receipt of such allegation, determine whether the Company is
  in fact unable to pay its debts as they mature.  During such
  period, the Trustee shall suspend all payments from the Fund. 
  If the Trustee determines the Company is able to pay its
  debts as they mature, payments from the Fund will resume. 
  Otherwise, the Trustee will deliver the assets of the Fund as
  a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction may
  direct to satisfy the claims of the Company's creditors, and,

<PAGE> 31

  in the absence of such direction, the Trustee shall continue
  to suspend payments from the Fund.
          FOURTEENTH:  Sufficiency of Fund.  Notwithstanding
  any provision of this Agreement, the Company shall remain
  obligated to pay Participants the amounts due to them under
  the Plans.  If the assets of an Account are insufficient to
  fulfill the Company's obligations to a Covered Participant
  when due, then the Company shall pay to such Covered Par-
  ticipant (and his beneficiaries) the amount of such
  insufficiency.
          FIFTEENTH:  Prohibition of Assignment of Interest. 
  No interest, right or claim in or to any part of the Fund or
  any payment therefrom shall be assignable, transferable or
  subject to sale, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, commuta-
  tion, anticipation, garnishment, attachment, execution or
  levy of any kind, and the Trustee shall not recognize any
  attempt to assign, transfer, sell, mortgage, pledge, hypo-
  thecate, commute or anticipate the same, except to the extent
  required by law.
          SIXTEENTH:  Affiliates.  Prior to a Change in
  Control, any corporation that, directly or through one or
  more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under
  common control with the Company may adopt and become a party
  to this Agreement by delivering to the Trustee an instrument
  in writing, duly executed and acknowledged, adopting and
  assuming jointly and severally the obligations of the Company

<PAGE> 32

  under this Agreement and constituting and appointing the
  Company to be the agent and attorney in fact of such
  corporation for the purposes of giving or receiving notices,
  instructions, directions and other communications to or from
  the Trustee and approving the accounts of the Trustee, accom-
  panied by duly certified copies of resolutions of the Board
  of Directors of such corporation adopting the Agreement and
  approving and authorizing execution, acknowledgment and
  delivery of such instrument and a duly certified copy of a
  resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company approving
  and consenting to the same.
          SEVENTEENTH:  Miscellaneous.  (a)  This Agreement
  shall be interpreted, construed and enforced, and the trust
  hereby created shall be administered, in accordance with the
  laws of the United States and of the State of New York.
          (b)  The titles to Articles of this Agreement are
  placed herein for convenience of reference only, and the
  Agreement is not to be construed by reference thereto.
          (c)  This Agreement shall bind and inure to the
  benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and the
  Trustee, respectively, and the Covered Participants and their
  beneficiaries under the Plans.
          (d)  This Agreement may be executed in any number
  of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
  original but all of which together shall constitute but one

<PAGE> 33

  instrument, which may be sufficiently evidenced by any
  counterpart.
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
  this Agreement to be executed in their respective names by
  their duly authorized officers under their corporate seals as
  of the day and year first above written.
                         THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
  
  
                         By \s\ Charles Rappold
                              Chief Legal officer & Secretary
  ATTEST:
  \s\ Robert Keilman
  
  
                         UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY
                                OF NEW YORK
  
  
                         By \s\ William H. Schroder    
                                Senior Vice President          
  ATTEST:
  
  \s\Ann E. Clark


<PAGE> 34  
   
  STATE OF NEW YORK )
                    :    SS.:
  COUNTY OF NEW YORK     )
  
  
               On this  15  day of December, 1994, before
  me personally came   Charles Rappold , to me known, who, being
  by me duly sworn, did depose and say that he resides at 1050
  Rahway Rd. Plainfield, NJ, and that he is CLO & Secretary of
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC., one of the corporations
  described in and which executed the foregoing instrument;
  that he knows the seal of said corporation; that the seal
  affixed to said instrument is such corporate seal; that it
  was so affixed by order of the Board of Directors of said
  corporation; and that he signed his name thereto by like
  order.
  
  
  
  
                         \s\ Patricia D. Steube
  
  
  
  STATE OF NEW YORK )
                    :    SS.:
  COUNTY OF NEW YORK     )
  
  
               On this  16  day of December, 1994, before me
  personally came William H. Schroeder, to me known, who, being
  by me duly sworn, did depose and say that he resides at 70 E.
  10 St New York, New York , and that he is a Senior Vice President of
  UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, one of the
  corporations described in and which executed the foregoing
  instrument; that he knows the seal of said corporation; that
  the seal affixed to said instrument is such corporate seal;
  that it was so affixed by order of the Board of Trustees of
  said corporation; and that he signed his name thereto by like
  order.
  
  
  
                    \s\ Stuart Omansky
  

<PAGE> 1  
  
                       EXHIBIT I
  
  
  Tax Reimbursement Agreements between The Bank of New York
  Company, Inc. and the following persons:
  
          Individual                    Date of Agreement
  
     J. Carter Bacot                    July 13, 1994
     Deno D. Papageorge                 July 13, 1994


<PAGE> 1
                              EXHIBIT II
            [FORM OF IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT]
  
  
  
                                                  [Date]
  
  
  
  United States Trust Company of New York,
    as Trustee
  770 Broadway
  New York, New York  10003-9548
  
  Attention:  [              ]
  
  
  Dear Sirs:
          At the request and for the account of The Bank of
  New York Company, Inc., we hereby establish in your favor
  (and in favor of your successors, the terms "you" and "yours"
  referring to you and any successor), as Trustee under the
  Trust Agreement between The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
  and United States Trust Company of New York, dated as of
  __________, 1994 (the "Trust Agreement"), this Irrevocable
  Letter of Credit No. _________ in the amount of U.S.
  $_______.  This Letter of Credit is effective immediately and
  shall expire at the close of banking business at our office
  at [address] on [        ], 1995, unless terminated earlier
  or extended in either case in accordance with the provisions
  hereof.  The amount of this Letter of Credit will be reduced
  from time to time as hereinafter provided.
          Funds under this Letter of Credit are available to
  you in immediately available funds upon presentation of your
  sight draft in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto appropriately
  completed.

<PAGE> 2

          The amount available under this Letter of Credit
  shall be automatically reduced by the amount of each draft
  paid hereunder (effective on the date of payment of such
  draft).  In addition, upon presentation by you of a
  certificate in the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto appropriately
  completed, the amount available under this Letter of Credit
  shall be automatically reduced by the amount stated in such
  certificate.
          Presentation of drafts and certificates hereunder
  shall be made at our office at [address], Attention: 
  ___________________, or at any other office in the City and
  State of New York which may be designated by us by written
  notice delivered to you.
          Upon the earlier to occur of any one of the
  following events:  (i) the surrender to us by you of this
  Letter of Credit for cancellation and (ii) the expiration
  date stated in the initial paragraph hereof, this Letter of
  Credit shall automatically expire.
          Communications with respect to this Letter of
  Credit shall be delivered to us by registered mail, return
  receipt requested (except that drafts and certificates shall
  be presented by hand delivery), addressed to us at [address],
  Attention:  _______________, specifically referring to the
  number of this Letter of Credit.

<PAGE> 3

          We hereby agree that drafts drawn and presented in
  compliance with this Letter of Credit and accompanied by the
  documents required hereby will be paid in accordance with the
  terms hereof.
          It is a condition of this Letter of Credit that it
  will be automatically extended for periods of one year from
  the then relevant expiry date, unless sixty (60) days prior
  to that relevant expiry date we notify you by registered
  mail, return receipt requested, that we elect not to extend
  this Letter of Credit for any additional period, provided,
  however, that under no circumstances will this Letter of
  Credit be renewed or extended beyond [          ].
          We hereby agree that all notices to you under this
  Letter of Credit will be sent to you by registered mail,
  return receipt requested, at 770 Broadway, New York, New York
  10003-9548, Attention:  Department Manager, Employee Benefits
  Services, or such other address as from time to time
  specified by you in writing.
          This Letter of Credit shall be governed by, and
  construed in accordance with, the terms of the Uniform
  Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits (1983
  Revision), International Chamber of Commerce, Publication
  No. 400 (the "UCP").  This Letter of Credit shall be deemed
  to be issued under the laws of the State of New York
  (including the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in said

<PAGE> 4

  State), and, as to matters not governed by the UCP, shall be
  governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
  the State of New York.
                              Very truly yours,
                              [Name of Bank]
  
                              By ___________________________
                                        Vice President

<PAGE> 1
                            EXHIBIT A-1

                         SIGHT DRAFT
  
  
                                             [Date]
  
  
  
          For Value Received, pay on demand (by wire transfer
  in same day funds) to Account No. [insert number of account
  to which payment is to be made and name and address of bank]
  ________ United States Dollars ($__________).
          Charge to Account of [name of account party]
  Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ___________.
  
  TO:     [Name of Bank]
     [Address]
     Attention:  _________________,
                 Letter of Credit Operations
  
  
  
                              UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY
                                OF NEW YORK
  
  
  
                              By ____________________________
                                 Title:

<PAGE> 1
                             EXHIBIT B-1
                    REQUEST FOR REDUCTION
  
  
  
                                                  [Date]
  
  
  
  [Name of Bank]
  [Address]
  
  Attention:  ____________________,
            Letter of Credit Operations
  
  
               Irrevocable Letter of Credit No.      
  
  
  Gentlemen:
          In accordance with the above-captioned Letter of
  Credit, each of the undersigned hereby requests that the
  amount available to be drawn by the beneficiary under said
  Letter of Credit be reduced by $__________ upon receipt by
  you of this certificate.

                         THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
  
                         By ________________________________
                            Title:
  
  
                         UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY 
                           OF NEW YORK
  
  
  
                         By _________________________________
                            Title:
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10U
<TEXT>

                                             EXHIBIT 10(u)
     <PAGE> 1.
                  Tax Reimbursement Agreement
                                 
     
               AGREEMENT, dated as of July 13, 1994, by and
     between THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC. ("Employer") and  
                  ("Employee").
               WHEREAS, Employer and Employee have entered into a
     severance benefit agreement dated May 17, 1982 (the "1982
     Agreement"); and
               WHEREAS, Employer desires to reimburse Employee
     with respect to any excise taxes owed by Employee under
     Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
     amended (the "Code") in connection with compensation or
     benefits received pursuant to the 1982 Agreement.
               NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
     covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable
     consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows:    
               1.  Tax Reimbursement Payment.  (a)  If any
     of the payments provided under the 1982 Agreement (the
     "Contract Payments") or any other portion of the Total
     Payments (as defined below) will at any time be subject to
     the tax (the "Excise Tax") imposed by Section 4999 of the
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or the applicable
     provisions of any successor statute (the "Code"), the
     Employer shall pay to the Employee, by the fifth day
     following the Employee's date of termination of employment
     from the Employer, an additional amount (the "Tax
     Reimbursement Payment") such that the net amount retained by
     the Employee, after deduction of any Excise Tax on the
     Contract Payments and such other Total Payments and any

<PAGE> 2

     federal and state and local income tax, employment tax and
     Excise Tax upon the payment provided for by this Section 1,
     shall be equal to the Total Payments.  For purposes of
     determining whether any of the payments will be subject to
     the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax:
               (i)  any other payments or benefits received or to
     be received by the Employee in connection with the
     termination of his employment as contemplated by the 1982
     Agreement or a change in control of the Employer (whether
     payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other
     plan, arrangement or agreement with (a) the Employer, (b)
     the Employer's successors, (c) any person whose action
     results in a change in control of the Employer or (d) any
     corporation affiliated (or which, as a result of the
     completion of a transaction causing a change in control of
     the Employer, will become affiliated) with the Employer
     within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code) (together
     with the Contract Payment, the "Total Payments") shall be
     treated as "parachute payments" within the meaning of
     Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all "excess parachute
     payments" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) shall be
     treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless in the opinion
     of tax counsel selected by the Employer's independent
     auditors and acceptable to the Employee the Total Payments
     (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments,
     or such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part)
     represent reasonable compensation for services actually
     rendered within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the
     Code either in their entirety or in excess of the base

     <PAGE> 3
     amount within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the
     Code, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax; and
               (ii) the value of any non-cash benefits or any
     deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the
     Employer's independent auditors in accordance with the
     principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.
               (b)  For purposes of determining the amount of the
     Tax Reimbursement Payment, the Employee shall be deemed to
     pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of
     federal, state and local income taxation in the calendar
     year in which the Tax Reimbursement Payment is to be made,
     net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which
     could be obtained from deduction of such state and local
     taxes.  In the event that the Excise Tax is subsequently
     determined to be less than the amount taken into account
     hereunder at the time of termination of the Employee's
     employment, the Employee shall repay to the Employer at the
     time that the amount of such reduction in Excise Tax is
     finally determined the portion of the Tax Reimbursement
     Payment attributable to such reduction (plus the portion of
     the Tax Reimbursement Payment attributable to the Excise Tax
     and federal, state and local income tax and employment tax
     imposed on the Tax Reimbursement Payment being repaid by the
     Employee if such repayment results in a reduction in Excise
     Tax and/or a federal and state and local income tax
     deduction) plus interest on the amount of such repayment at
     the rate provided in Section 1274(d) of the Code.  In the
     event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount
     taken into account hereunder at the time of the termination
     <PAGE> 4
     of the Employee's employment (including by reason of any
     payment the existence or amount of which cannot be
     determined at the time of the Tax Reimbursement Payment),
     the Employer shall make an additional tax reimbursement
     payment in respect of such excess (plus any interest payable
     with respect to such excess) at the time that the amount of
     such excess is finally determined.
               (c)  In the event of any proceeding before the
     Internal Revenue Service, United State Tax Court, the United
     States Claims Court or any other federal court involving the
     question of whether any payment made or benefit provided by
     the Employer to the Employee is an excess parachute payment
     (including any proceeding initiated by a claim for refund or
     tax return examination with respect to either the Employer
     or the Employee), the Employer shall have the right to
     participate in such proceeding with counsel of its
     selection, which counsel shall be experienced in federal
     income tax matters and shall be reasonably satisfactory to
     the Employee.  The direct costs of any such proceeding
     (including, but not limited to, all fees and disbursements
     of the Employee's counsel and the Employer's counsel) shall
     be borne by the Employer.
                    2.  Governing Law.  This Agreement is
     governed by and is to be construed and enforced in
     accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
     regard to its conflicts of law principles.  If under such
     law, any portion of this Agreement is at any time deemed to
     be in conflict with any applicable statute, rule, regulation
     or ordinance, such portion shall be deemed to be modified or
     
     <PAGE> 5
     altered to conform thereto or, if that is not possible, to
     be omitted from this Agreement; the invalidity of any such
     portion shall not affect the force, effect and validity of
     the remaining portion hereof.
               3.  Miscellaneous.
               (a)  Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may be
     amended but only by a subsequent written agreement of the
     parties.  Any waiver or discharge must be in writing and
     signed by Employee or such officer of Employer as may be
     designated by the Board of Directors of Employer (the
     "Board").  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of
     any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with,
     any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed
     by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or
     dissimilar provisions at the same or any prior or subsequent
     time.
               (b)  Successors in Interest.  This Agreement shall
     be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Employee,
     Employee's heirs, executors, administrators and
     beneficiaries, and shall be binding upon and inure to the
     benefit of Employer and its successors.  No rights or
     obligations of Employer under this Agreement may be assigned
     or transferred by Employer, except Employer shall require
     any successor to or acquiror of (whether direct or indirect,
     by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) all or
     substantially all of the business and/or assets of Employer
     to expressly assume and agree in writing to perform this
     Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that
     
     
     <PAGE> 6
     Employer would be required and to perform it as if no such
     succession had taken place.
               (c)  Withholding Taxes.  Any amount payable to
     Employee under this Agreement shall be subject to applicable
     withholding of income, wage and other taxes.
               (d)  Claims and Denials.  All claims by Employee
     for benefits under this Agreement shall be directed to and
     determined by the Board and shall be in writing.  Any denial
     by the Board of a claim for benefits under this Agreement
     shall be delivered to Employee in writing and shall set
     forth the specific reasons for the denial and the specific
     provisions of this Agreement relied upon.  The Board shall
     afford a reasonable opportunity to Employee for a review of
     the decisions denying a claim and shall further allow
     Employee to appeal to the Board a decision of the Board
     within sixty (60) days after notification by the Board that
     Employee's claim has been denied.
               (e)  Arbitration.  Any dispute or controversy
     arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be
     settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a panel
     of three (3) arbitrators in the State of New York, in
     accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration
     Association then in effect.  Judgment may be entered on the
     arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction.  The
     expenses of such arbitration shall be borne by Employer.
               (f)  Designated Beneficiary.  In the event of
     Employee's death, all amounts due to Employee hereunder
     shall be paid to Employee's spouse or, if Employee's spouse
          predeceases him, to his estate, unless Employee provides to
     <PAGE> 7
     the Employer in writing the names of the beneficiary or
     beneficiaries who shall be paid any such amounts (Employee's
     spouse, estate or specified beneficiary, as the case may be,
     shall be Employee's "Designated Beneficiary" for purposes of
     this Agreement).
               (g)  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed
     in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
     to be an original but all of which together will constitute
     one and the same instrument.
     
               (h)  Applicability.  This Agreement shall be
     applicable and payments shall be made hereunder solely to
     the extent the Tax Reimbursement Payment is not provided to
     Employee by means of another agreement with the Employer or
     any successor entity or affiliate of the Employer.
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
     executed this Agreement as of the year and day first above
     written.
     
                                EMPLOYER
     
     
                                                                
                                By:  
                                Title:  
                                        
     
     
                                                                
                                EMPLOYEE
     
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10V
<TEXT>

  
  <PAGE> 1                                   EXHIBIT 10(v)
  
  
                                        October 11, 1994
  
  
  
  
  
  Dear Mr.      :
  
          The Bank of New York Company, Inc., a New York cor-
  poration (the "Company"), considers the establishment and
  maintenance of a sound and vital management to be essential
  to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Company
  and its shareholders.  In this connection, the Company
  recognizes that, as is the case with many publicly held
  corporations, the possibility of a change in control may
  arise and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and
  questions which it may raise among management of the Company
  and its principal subsidiary, The Bank of New York (the
  "Bank"), may result in the departure or distraction of
  management personnel to the detriment of the Company and its
  shareholders.  Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the
  Company (the "Board") has determined that appropriate steps
  should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued
  attention and dedication of members of management of the
  Company and the Bank to their assigned duties without
  distraction in circumstances arising from the possibility of
  a change in control of the Company.  In particular, the Board
  believes it important, should the Company or its shareholders
  receive a proposal for transfer of control of the Company,
  that you be able to assess and advise the Board whether such
  proposal would be in the best interests of the Company and
  its shareholders and to take such other action regarding such
  proposal as the Board might determine to be appropriate,
  without being influenced by the uncertainties of your own
  situation.
  
          In order to induce you to remain in the employ of
  the Company, this letter agreement sets forth the severance
  benefits which the Company agrees will be provided to you in
  the event your employment with the Company or the Bank is
  terminated subsequent to a "change in control" of the Company
  under the circumstances described below.
  
          1.   Agreement to Provide Services; Right to
  Terminate.
  
          (i)  Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (ii)
  below, the Company, the Bank or you may terminate your
    employment at any time, subject to the Company's providing

  <PAGE>2
  the benefits hereinafter specified in accordance with the
  terms hereof.
  
         (ii)  In the event a tender offer or exchange offer
  is made by a Person (as hereinafter defined) for more than
  25% of the combined voting power of the Company's outstanding
  securities ordinarily having the right to vote at elections
  of directors ("Voting Securities"), including shares of the
  common stock of the Company, you agree that you will not
  leave the employ of the Company or the Bank (other than as a
  result of Disability or upon Retirement, as such terms are
  hereinafter defined) and will render the services contem-
  plated in the recitals to this Agreement until such tender
  offer or exchange offer has been abandoned or terminated or a
  change in control of the Company, as defined in Section 3
  hereof, has occurred. For purposes of this Agreement, the
  term "Person" shall mean and include any individual, cor-
  poration, partnership, group, association or other "person",
  as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities
  Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), other than the
  Company, the Bank, any other subsidiary of the Company or any
  employee benefit plan(s) sponsored by the Company, the Bank
  or any other subsidiary of the Company.
  
          2.  Term of Agreement.  This Agreement shall
  commence on the date hereof and shall continue in effect
  until December 31, 1995; provided, however, that commencing
  on January 1, 1996 and each January 1 thereafter, the term of
  this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one addi-
  tional year unless at least 90 days prior to such January lst
  date, the Company or you shall have given notice that this
  Agreement shall not be extended; and provided, further, that,
  notwithstanding the delivery of any such notice, this Agree-
  ment shall continue in effect for a period of twenty-four
  (24) months after a change in control of the Company, as
  defined in Section 3 hereof, if such change in control shall
  have occurred during the term of this Agreement, as it may be
  extended by the first proviso set forth above.  Notwith-
  standing anything in this Section 2 to the contrary, this
  Agreement shall terminate if you or the Company or the Bank
  terminate your employment prior to a change in control of the
  Company.
  
          3.  Change in Control.  For purposes of this
  Agreement, a "change in control" of the Company shall be
  deemed to occur if (A) any "person" (as such term is defined
  in Section 3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
  "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its
  subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities
  under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its
  subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily holding securities
  pursuant to an offering of such securities or a corporation
  
 <PAGE> 3
  owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company
  in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of
  the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined
  in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
  indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 25% or
  more of the combined voting power of the Company's then out-
  standing securities ("Voting Securities"); or (B) during any
  period of not more than two years, individuals who constitute
  the Board as of the beginning of the period and any new
  director (other than a director designated by a person who
  has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a
  transaction described in clause (A) or (C) of this sentence)
  whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the
  Company's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least
  two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who
  either were directors at such time or whose election or
  nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for
  any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the
  shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation
  of the Company with any other corporation, other than a
  merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting
  Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior
  thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
  outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of
  the surviving entity) at least 60% of the combined voting
  power of the Voting Securities of the Company or such
  surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or
  consolidation, or the shareholders of the Company approve a
  plan of complete liquidation of the Company or any agreement
  for the sale or disposition by the Company or all or
  substantially all of the Company's assets.
  
          4.  Termination Following Change in Control.  If
  any of the events described in Section 3 hereof constituting
  a change in control of the Company shall have occurred, you
  shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 5
  hereof upon the termination of your employment with the
  Company or the Bank within twenty-four (24) months after such
  event, unless such termination is (a) because of your death
  or Retirement, (b) by the Company for Cause or Disability or
  (c) by you other than for Good Reason (as all such capital-
  ized terms are hereinafter defined).
  
          (i)  Disability.  Termination by the Company of
  your employment based on "Disability" shall mean termination
  because of your absence from your duties with the Company on
  a full time basis for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive
  days as a result of your incapacity due to physical or mental
  illness, unless within thirty (30) days after Notice of
  Termination (as hereinafter defined) is given to you
  following such absence you shall have returned to the full
    time performance of your duties.

<PAGE> 4
  
         (ii)  Retirement.  Termination by you or by the
  Company of your employment based on "Retirement" shall mean
  termination on or after your attainment of age sixty-five (65).
  
        (iii)  Cause.  Termination by the Company or the Bank
  of your employment for "Cause" shall mean termination upon
  (a) the willful and continued failure by you to perform sub-
  stantially your duties with the Company or the Bank (other
  than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to
  physical or mental illness) after a demand for substantial
  performance is delivered to you by the Chairman of the Board
  or President of the Company or the Chief Executive Officer of
  the Bank, as appropriate, which specifically identifies the
  manner in which such executive believes that you have not
  substantially performed your duties, or (b) the willful
  engaging by you in illegal conduct which is materially and
  demonstrably injurious to the Company or the Bank.  For
  purposes of this paragraph (iii), no act, or failure to act,
  on your part shall be considered "willful" unless done, or
  omitted to be done, by you in bad faith and without reason-
  able belief that your action or omission was in, or not
  opposed to, the best interests of the Company or the Bank. 
  Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given
  pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based
  upon the advice of counsel for the Company or the Bank shall
  be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done,
  by you in good faith and in the best interests of the Company
  and the Bank.  It is also expressly understood that your
  attention to matters not directly related to the business of
  the Company or the Bank shall not provide a basis for termi-
  nation for Cause so long as the Board has approved your
  engagement in such activities.  Notwithstanding the fore-
  going, you shall not be deemed to have been terminated for
  Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to you
  a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote
  of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of
  the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the
  purpose (after reasonable notice to you and an opportunity
  for you, together with your counsel, to be heard before the
  Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board
  you were guilty of the conduct set forth above in (a) or (b)
  of this paragraph (iii) and specifying the particulars
  thereof in detail.
  
         (iv)  Good Reason.  Termination by you of your
  employment for "Good Reason" shall mean termination based on:
  
          (A)  a determination by you, in your reasonable
       judgment, that there has been an adverse change in your
       status or position(s) as an executive officer of the
       Company or the Bank as in effect immediately prior to
  
  <PAGE> 5
  the change in control, including, without limitation, any
  adverse change in your status or position as a result of a
  diminution in your duties or responsibilities (other than, if
  applicable, any such change directly attributable to the fact
  that the Company is no longer publicly owned) or the
  assignment to you of any duties or responsibilities which are
  inconsistent with such status or position(s), or any removal
  of you from or any failure to reappoint or reelect you to
  such position(s) (except in connection with the termination
  of your employment for Cause, Disability or Retirement or as
  a result of your death or by you other than for Good Reason);
  
          (B)  a reduction by the Company or the Bank in your
       base salary as in effect immediately prior to the change
       in control;
  
          (C)  the failure by the Company or the Bank to
       continue in effect any Plan (as hereinafter defined) in
       which you are participating at the time of the change in
       control of the Company (or Plans providing you with at
       least substantially similar benefits) other than as a
       result of the normal expiration of any such Plan in
       accordance with its terms as in effect at the time of
       the change in control, or the taking of any action, or
       the failure to act, by the Company or the Bank which
       would adversely affect your continued participation in
       any of such Plans on at least as favorable a basis to
       you as is the case on the date of the change in control
       or which would materially reduce your benefits in the
       future under any of such Plans or deprive you of any
       material benefit enjoyed by you at the time of the
       change in control;
  
          (D)  the failure by the Company or the Bank to
       provide and credit you with the number of paid vacation
       days to which you are then entitled in accordance with
       its normal vacation policy as in effect immediately
       prior to the change in control;
  
          (E)  the requirement by the Company or the Bank
       that you be based at an office that is greater than
       35 miles from where your office is located immediately
       prior to the change in control except for required
       travel on the business of the Company or the Bank to an
       extent substantially consistent with the business travel
       obligations which you undertook on behalf of the Company
       or the Bank prior to the change in control;
  
          (F)  the failure by the Company to obtain from any
       Successor (as hereinafter defined) the assent to this
       Agreement contemplated by Section 6 hereof;
     
      <PAGE> 6
          (G)  any purported termination by the Company or
       the Bank of your employment which is not effected
       pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the
       requirements of paragraph (v) below (and, if applicable,
       paragraph (iii) above); and for purposes of this
       Agreement, no such purported termination shall be
       effective; or
  
          (H)  any refusal by the Company or the Bank to
       continue to allow you to attend to matters or engage in
       activities not directly related to the business of the
       Company or the Bank which, prior to the change in
       control, you were permitted by the Board to attend to or
       engage in.
  
  For purposes of this Agreement, "Plan" shall mean any compen-
  sation plan such as an incentive, stock option or restricted
  stock plan or any employee benefit plan such as a thrift,
  pension, profit sharing, medical, disability, accident, life
  insurance plan or a relocation plan or policy or any other
  plan, program or policy of the Company or the Bank intended
  to benefit employees.
  
          (v)  Notice of Termination.  Any purported termi-
  nation by the Company or the Bank or by you following a
  change in control shall be communicated by written Notice of
  Termination to the other party hereto.  For purposes of this
  Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a notice
  which shall indicate the specific termination provision in
  this Agreement relied upon.
  
         (vi)  Date of Termination.  "Date of Termination"
  following a change in control shall mean (a) if your
  employment is to be terminated for Disability, thirty (30)
  days after Notice of Termination is given (provided that you
  shall not have returned to the performance of your duties on
  a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), (b) if
  your employment is to be terminated by the Company or the
  Bank for Cause or by you pursuant to Sections 4(iv)(F) and 6
  hereof or for any other Good Reason, the date specified in
  the Notice of Termination, or (c) if your employment is to be
  terminated by the Company or the Bank for any reason other
  than Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination,
  which in no event shall be a date earlier than ninety (90)
  days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is
  given, unless an earlier date has been expressly agreed to by
  you in writing either in advance of, or after, receiving such
  Notice of Termination.  In the case of termination by the
  Company or the Bank of your employment for Cause, if you have
  not previously expressly agreed in writing to the
  termination, then within thirty (30) days after receipt by
  you of the Notice of Termination with respect thereto, you
    may notify the Company that a dispute exists concerning the
  
  <PAGE> 7
  termination, in which event the Date of Termination shall be
  the date set either by mutual written agreement of the
  parties or by the arbitrators in a proceeding as provided in
  Section 13 hereof.  During the pendency of any such dispute,
  the Company or the Bank will continue to pay you your full
  compensation in effect just prior to the time the Notice of
  Termination is given and until the dispute is resolved in
  accordance with Section 13.
  
            5. Compensation Upon Termination or During
  Disability; Other Agreements.
  
          (i)  During any period following a change in
  control of the Company that you fail to perform your duties
  as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness,
  you shall continue to receive your salary at the rate then in
  effect and any benefits or awards under any Plans shall
  continue to accrue during such period, to the extent not
  inconsistent with such Plans, until your employment is
  terminated pursuant to and in accordance with paragraphs 4(i)
  and 4(vi) hereof.  Thereafter, your benefits shall be
  determined in accordance with the Plans then in effect.
  
         (ii)  If your employment shall be terminated for
  Cause following a change in control of the Company, the
  Company or the Bank shall pay you your salary through the
  Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to the
  time a Notice of Termination is given plus any benefits or
  awards (including both the cash and stock components) which
  pursuant to the terms of any Plans have been earned and are
  otherwise payable, but which have not yet been paid to you. 
  Thereupon the Company and the Bank shall have no further
  obligations to you under this Agreement.
  
        (iii)  Subject to Section 8 hereof, if, within
  twenty-four (24) months after a change in control of the
  Company, as defined in Section 3 above, shall have occurred,
  your employment by the Company or the Bank shall be termi-
  nated (a) by the Company or the Bank other than for Cause,
  Disability or Retirement or (b) by you for Good Reason, then
  the Company shall pay or cause the Bank to pay to you, no
  later than the fifth business day following the Date of
  Termination, without regard to any contrary provisions of any
  Plan, the following:
  
          (A)  your salary through the Date of Termination at
       the rate in effect just prior to the time a Notice of
       Termination is given plus any benefits or awards (inclu-
       ding both the cash and stock components) which pursuant
       to the terms of any Plans have been earned and otherwise
       payable, but which have not yet been paid to you; and
     
   <PAGE> 8
  
          (B)  as severance pay and in lieu of any further
       salary for periods subsequent to the Date of Termi-
       nation, an amount in cash equal to 2.99 times your
       "annualized includible compensation for the base period"
       (as defined in Section 280G(d)(1) of the Internal
       Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code")).
  
         (iv)  If, within twenty-four (24) months after a
  change in control of the Company, as defined in Section 3
  above, shall have occurred, your employment by the Company or
  the Bank shall be terminated (a) by the Company or the Bank
  other than for Cause, Disability or Retirement or (b) by you
  for Good Reason, then the Company shall maintain or cause the
  Bank to maintain in full force and effect, for the continued
  benefit of you and your dependents for a period terminating
  on the earliest of (a) three years after the Date of Ter-
  mination, (b) the commencement date of equivalent benefits
  from a new employer or (c) your attainment of age sixty-five (65),
  all insured and self-insured employee welfare
  benefit Plans in which you were entitled to participate
  immediately prior to the Date of Termination, provided that
  your continued participation is possible under the general
  terms and provisions of such Plans (and any applicable
  funding media) and you continue to pay an amount equal to
  your regular contribution under such plans for such par-
  ticipation.  If, at the end of three years after the
  Termination Date, you have not reached your sixty-fifth
  birthday and you have not previously received or are not then
  receiving equivalent benefits from a new employer, the Com-
  pany shall or cause the Bank to arrange, at its sole cost and
  expense, to enable you to convert your and your dependents'
  coverage under such Plans to individual policies or programs
  upon the same terms as employees of the Company and the Bank
  may apply for such conversions.  In the event that your
  participation in any such Plan is barred, the Company shall
  or cause the Bank, at its sole cost and expense, to arrange
  to have issued for the benefit of you and your dependents
  individual policies of insurance providing benefits substan-
  tially similar (on an after-tax basis) to those which you
  otherwise would have been entitled to receive under such
  Plans pursuant to this paragraph (iv) or, if such insurance
  is not available at a reasonable cost to the Company or the
  Bank, the Company shall or cause the Bank to otherwise
  provide you and your dependents with equivalent benefits (on
  an after-tax basis).  You shall not be required to pay any
  premiums or other charges in an amount greater than that
  which you would have paid in order to participate in such
  Plans.
  
          (v)  Except as specifically provided in para-
  graph (iv) above, the amount of any payment provided for in
  this Section 5 shall not be reduced, offset or subject to

  <PAGE> 9
  recovery by the Company or the Bank by reason of any compen-
  sation earned by you as the result of employment by another
  employer after the Date of Termination, or otherwise.
  
          6.  Successors; Binding Agreement.
  
          (i)  The Company will seek, by written request at
  least five business days prior to the time a Person becomes a
  Successor (as hereinafter defined), to have such Person by
  agreement in form and substance satisfactory to you, assent
  to the fulfillment of the Company's obligations under this
  Agreement.  Failure of such Person to furnish such assent by
  the later of (A) three business days prior to the time such
  Person becomes a Successor or (B) two business days after
  such Person receives a written request to so assent shall
  constitute Good Reason for termination by you of your
  employment if a change in control of the Company occurs or
  has occurred.  For purposes of this Agreement, "Successor"
  shall mean any Person that succeeds to, or has the practical
  ability to control (either immediately or with the passage of
  time), the Company's business directly, by merger or
  consolidation, or indirectly, by purchase of the Company's
  Voting Securities or otherwise.
  
         (ii)  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
  and be enforceable by your personal or legal representatives,
  executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees,
  devisees and legatees.  If you should die while any amount
  would still be payable to you hereunder if you had continued
  to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein,
  shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
  to your devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no
  such designee, to your estate.
  
        (iii)  For purposes of this Agreement, the "Company"
  shall include any corporation or other entity which is the
  surviving or continuing entity in respect of any merger,
  consolidation or form of business combination in which the
  Company ceases to exist.
  
          7.  Fees, Expenses and Interest; Mitigation.
  
          (i)  The Company shall, or cause the Bank to,
  reimburse you, on a current basis, for all reasonable legal
  fees and related expenses incurred by you in connection with
  the Agreement following a change in control of the Company,
  including, without limitation, (a) all such fees and
  expenses, if any, incurred in contesting or disputing any
  termination of your employment or incurred by you in seeking
  advice with respect to the matters set forth in Section 8
  hereof or (b) your seeking to obtain or enforce any right or
  benefit provided by this Agreement, in each case, regardless
  of whether or not your claim is upheld by a court of com-
  
  <PAGE> 10
  petent jurisdiction; provided, however, you shall be required
  to repay any such amounts to the Company to the extent that a
  court issues a final and non-appealable order setting forth
  the determination that the position taken by you was
  frivolous or advanced by you in bad faith.  In addition to
  the fees and expenses provided herein, you shall also be paid
  interest on any disputed amount ultimately paid to you at the
  prime rate announced by the Bank from time to time from the
  date payment should have been made until paid in full.
  
         (ii)  You shall not be required to mitigate the
  amount of any payment the Company or the Bank becomes
  obligated to make to you in connection with this Agreement,
  by seeking other employment or otherwise.
  
          8.  Taxes.  
  
          (i)  All payments to be made to you under this
  Agreement will be subject to required withholding of federal,
  state and local income and employment taxes.  
  
         (ii)  Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to
  the contrary, if any of the payments provided for in this
  Agreement, together with any other payments which you have
  the right to receive from the Company or any corporation
  which is a member of an "affiliated group" (as defined in
  Section 1504(a) of the Code without regard to Section 1504(b)
  of the Code) of which the Company is a member, would consti-
  tute a "parachute payment" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2)
  of the Code), the payments pursuant to this Agreement shall
  be reduced (reducing first the payments under Section
  5(iii)(B)) to the largest amount as will result in no portion
  of such payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by
  Section 4999 of the Code; provided, however, that the deter-
  mination as to whether any reduction in the payments under
  this Agreement pursuant to this proviso is necessary shall be
  made by you in good faith, and such determination shall be
  conclusive and binding on the Company with respect to its
  treatment of the payment for tax reporting purposes.
  
          9.  Survival.  The respective obligations of, and
  benefits afforded to, the Company and you as provided in
  Sections 5, 6(ii), 7, 8, 13 and 14 of this Agreement shall
  survive termination of this Agreement.
  
         10.  Notice.  For the purposes of this Agreement,
  notices and all other communications provided for in the
  Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
  been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States
  registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid
  and addressed, in the case of the Company, to the address set
  forth on the first page of this Agreement or, in the case of
  the undersigned employee, to the address set forth below his
  <PAGE> 11
  signature, provided that all notices to the Company shall be
  directed to the attention of the Chairman of the Board or
  President of the Company, with a copy to the Secretary of the
  Company, or to such other address as either party may have
  furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith,
  except that notice of change of address shall be effective
  only upon receipt.
  
         11.  Miscellaneous.  No provision of this Agreement
  may be modified, waived or discharged unless such modifi-
  cation, waiver or discharge is agreed to in a writing signed
  by you and the Chairman of the Board or President of the
  Company.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any
  breach by the other party hereto of, or of compliance with,
  any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed
  by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or
  dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any
  prior or subsequent time.  No agreements or representations,
  oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the
  subject matter hereof have been made by either party which
  are not expressly set forth in this Agreement.  The validity,
  interpretation, construction and performance of this Agree-
  ment shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York
  applied without regard to conflict of laws principles.
  
         12.  Validity.  The invalidity or unenforceability
  of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the
  validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
  Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
  
         13.  Arbitration.  Any dispute or controversy
  arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be
  settled exclusively by arbitration in New York City by three
  arbitrators in accordance with the rules of the American
  Arbitration Association then in effect.  Judgment may be
  entered on the arbitrators' award in any court having
  jurisdiction; provided, however, that you shall be entitled
  to seek specific performance of your right to be paid until
  the Date of Termination during the pendency of any dispute or
  controversy arising under or in connection with this
  Agreement.  The Company shall bear all costs and expenses
  arising in connection with any arbitration proceeding pur-
  suant to this Section 13.
  
         14.  Employee's Commitment.  You agree that subse-
  quent to your period of employment with the Company and the
  Bank, you will not at any time communicate or disclose to any
  unauthorized person, without the written consent of the
  Company, any proprietary processes of the Company or any
  subsidiary or other confidential information concerning their
  business, affairs, products, suppliers or customers which, if
  disclosed, would have a material adverse effect upon the
    business or operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,

 <PAGE> 12
   taken as a whole; it being understood, however, that the
  obligations of this Section 14 shall not apply to the extent
  that the aforesaid matters (a) are disclosed in circumstances
  where you are legally required to do so or (b) become
  generally known to and available for use by the public
  otherwise than by your wrongful act or omission.
  
         15.  Related Agreements.  To the extent that any
  provision of any other agreement between the Company, the
  Bank or any of the Company's other subsidiaries and you shall
  limit, qualify or be inconsistent with any provision of this
  Agreement, then for purposes of this Agreement, while the
  same shall remain in force, the provision of this Agreement
  shall control and such provision of such other agreement
  shall be deemed to have been superseded, and to be of no
  force or effect, as if such other agreement had been formally
  amended to the extent necessary to accomplish such purpose.
  
          16.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed
  in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be
  an original but all of which together will constitute one and
  the same instrument.
  
          If this letter correctly sets forth our agreement
  on the subject matter hereof, kindly sign and return to the
  Company the enclosed copy of this letter which will then
  constitute our agreement on this subject and will supersede
  our previous letter agreement, dated January 12, 1993.
  
                         Sincerely,
  
                         THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
  
  
  
                         By _______________________________
                            Name:
                            Title:
  Agreed to this     day
  of           , 1994.
  
  
  
  _________________________
  Employee
  Address:
  
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10X
<TEXT>

                                                             
  <PAGE> 1                                   EXHIBIT 10(x)
                         AMENDMENT
                            TO
              THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
                     RETIREMENT PLAN FOR
                    NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
  
  
          WHEREAS, The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
  Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "Directors'
  Retirement Plan") was adopted by the Board of Directors of
  The Bank of New York Company, Inc. (the "Company"), effective
  as of May 11, 1993; and
          WHEREAS, Section 6 of the Directors' Retirement
  Plan provides that the Board of Directors of the Company may
  amend the Plan at any time, except in certain respects not
  material hereto; and
          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
  desires to adopt an amendment to the Directors' Retirement
  Plan;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the Directors' Retirement Plan is
  hereby amended, effective as of November 8, 1994, by the
  addition of a new paragraph (e) at the end of Section 2 of
  the Plan to read as follows:
          (e)  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to
       the contrary, in the event of a Change of Control (as
       defined below), (i) each retired member of the Board who
       is then receiving (or entitled to receive) retirement
       benefits under the Plan shall be paid within 60 days
       thereafter, a lump sum payment of the actuarial
       equivalent of the retired member's retirement benefit as
       of the Change of Control and (ii) each member of the
       Board who ceases to be a member of the Board within two
       years after the Change of Control for any reason other
       than his death and (A) is entitled to a retirement
       benefit under the Plan or (B) would be entitled to a
       retirement benefit under the Plan if he satisfied the
       age and service requirements of paragraph (a) of

<PAGE> 2
  
  Section 1 of the Plan, shall receive a lump sum payment of
  the actuarial equivalent of the member's retirement benefit
  as determined in accordance with the next sentence, within
  60 days after he ceases to be a member of the Board.  The
  retirement benefit of a member of the Board referred to in
  clause (ii) of the preceding sentence shall be equal to 100%
  of his annual retainer payable for (i) the life of the member
  of the Board, if he has attained age 70 when he ceased to be
  a member of the Board, or (ii) the number of years of service
  as a member of the Board, if he had not attained age 70 when
  he ceased to be a member of the Board.  The actuarial
  equivalent of retirement benefits hereunder shall be
  determined on the basis of the actuarial assumptions in
  effect under the Retirement Plan of The Bank of New York
  Company, Inc. immediately prior to the date of payment.
  
          A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to occur if
       (A) any "person" (as such term is defined in Section
       3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
       Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
       "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding
       securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
       or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily
       holding securities pursuant to an offering of such
       securities or a corporation owned, directly or
       indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substan-
       tially the same proportion as their ownership of the
       Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
       defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
       or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing
       25% or more of the combined voting power of the Com-
       pany's then outstanding securities ("Voting
       Securities"); or (B) during any period of not more than
       two years, individuals who constitute the Board of
       Directors of the Company as of the beginning of the
       period and any new director (other than a director
       designated by a person who has entered into an agreement
       with the Company to effect a transaction described in
       clause (A) or (C) of this sentence) whose election by
       the Board of Directors of the Company or nomination for
       election by the Company's shareholders was approved by a
       vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then
       still in office who either were directors at such time
       or whose election or nomination for election was
       previously so approved, cease for any reason to con-
       stitute a majority thereof; or (C) the shareholders of
       the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the
       Company with any other corporation, other than a merger
       or consolidation which would result in the Voting
       Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior
       thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
<Page 3>
  
  outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of
  the surviving entity) at least 50% of the combined voting
  power of the Voting Securities of the Company or such
  surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or
  consolidation, or the shareholders of the Company approve a
  plan of complete liquidation of the Company or any agreement
  for the sale or disposition by the Company or all or
  substantially all of the Company's assets.
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10Z
<TEXT>

  <PAGE> 1                                   EXHIBIT 10(z)
  
                         AMENDMENT
                              TO
                  DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
                  FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
            OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
  
  
          WHEREAS, the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee
  Directors of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. (the
  "Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan") was adopted by the
  Board of Directors of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. (the
  "Company"), effective as of December 1, 1993; and
          WHEREAS, Section 7(a) of the Directors' Deferred
  Compensation Plan provides that the Board of Directors of the
  Company may amend the Plan at any time; and
          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
  desires to adopt an amendment to the Directors' Deferred
  Compensation Plan;
          NOW, THEREFORE, the Directors' Deferred
  Compensation Plan is hereby amended, effective as of
  November 8, 1994, by amending Section 5(g) of the Plan to
  read as follows:
          (g)  A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to occur
       if (A) any "person" (as such term is defined in Section
       3(a)(9) and as used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
       Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
       "Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding
       securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
       or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily
       holding securities pursuant to an offering of such
       securities or a corporation owned, directly or
       indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substan-
       tially the same proportion as their ownership of the
       Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
       defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
       or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing
       25% or more of the combined voting power of the Com-
       pany's then outstanding securities ("Voting
       Securities"); or (B) during any period of not more than
       two years, individuals who constitute the Board of

<PAGE> 2
  
  Directors of the Company as of the beginning of the period
  and any new director (other than a director designated by a
  person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to
  effect a transaction described in clause (A) or (C) of this
  sentence) whose election by the Board of Directors of the
  Company or nomination for election by the Company's
  shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
  (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were
  directors at such time or whose election or nomination for
  election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to
  constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the shareholders of the
  Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with
  any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation
  which would result in the Voting Securities of the Company
  outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
  (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into
  Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 60% of
  the combined voting power of the Voting Securities of the
  Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately
  after such merger or consolidation, or the shareholders of
  the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the
  Company or any agreement for the sale or disposition by the
  Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets.
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>EPS
<TEXT>


                                                                  EXHIBIT 11
 <PAGE> 1
 <TABLE>
                           THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
                        Computation of Earnings Per Common Share
                            For the Years Ended December 31,

<CAPTION>

                                                    1994      1993      1992
                                                    ----      ----      ----
                                       (in millions, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                <C>       <C>       <C>
Weighted Average Number of Shares of
  Common Stock for Primary Computation               188       186       172

Shares Assumed to be Issued on Conversion:
  Debentures                                          12        12        12
  Cumulative Preferred Stock                           2         2         4
                                                   -----     -----     -----

Weighted Average Number of Shares of
  Common Stock Assuming Full Dilution                202       200       188
                                                   =====     =====     =====


Net Income                                         $ 749     $ 559     $ 393

Dividend Requirements on Preferred Stock              13        25        33
                                                   -----     -----     -----

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders          736       534       360

Interest On Convertible Debentures, Net of Tax        10        10        11

Dividends on Convertible Preferred Stock               2         3         6
                                                   -----     -----     -----

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders,
  Assuming Full Dilution                           $ 748     $ 547     $ 377
                                                   =====     =====     =====

Earnings Per Share:
  Primary                                          $3.92     $2.87     $2.10 

  Fully Diluted                                     3.70      2.72      2.00 

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>


                                                                 EXHIBIT 12
 <TABLE>

                             THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
                       Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratios
                          of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges
                              and Preferred Stock Dividends
                             For The Years Ended December 31,
<CAPTION>

EARNINGS                                1994     1993    1992    1991    1990
--------                                ----     ----    ----    ----    ---- 
                                               (Dollars in millions)

<S>                                   <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>
Income Before Income Taxes            $1,198   $  886  $  588  $  208  $  430
Fixed Charges, Excluding Interest on
  Deposits                               436      340     346     378     816
                                      ------   ------  ------  ------  ------
Income Before Income Taxes and Fixed
  Charges Excluding Interest on
  Deposits                             1,634    1,226     934     586   1,246
Interest on Deposits                     842      701   1,005   1,794   2,489
                                      ------   ------  ------  ------  ------

Income Before Income Taxes and Fixed
  Charges, Including Interest on
  Deposits                            $2,476   $1,927  $1,939  $2,380  $3,735 
                                      ======   ======  ======  ======  ======

FIXED CHARGES
-------------

Interest Expense, Excluding Interest 
  on Deposits                         $  403   $  305  $  315  $  346  $  782
One-Third Net Rental Expense*             33       35      31      32      34
                                      ------   ------  ------  ------  ------
Total Fixed Charges, Excluding
  Interest on Deposits                   436      340     346     378     816
Interest on Deposits                     842      701   1,005   1,794   2,489
                                      ------   ------  ------  ------  ------
Total Fixed Charges, Including
  Interest on Deposits                $1,278   $1,041  $1,351  $2,172  $3,305
                                      ======   ======  ======  ======  ======

PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS, PRE-TAX
  BASIS                               $   21   $   40  $   50  $   51  $   47
----------------------------------    ======   ======  ======  ======  ======

EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES RATIOS
--------------------------------

Excluding Interest on Deposits          3.75x    3.61x   2.70x   1.55x   1.53x
Including Interest on Deposits          1.94     1.85    1.44    1.10    1.13

EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES
& PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS RATIOS
----------------------------------

Excluding Interest on Deposits          3.58     3.23    2.36    1.37    1.44
Including Interest on Deposits          1.91     1.78    1.38    1.07    1.11

<FN>

*The proportion deemed representative of the interest factor.

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

<PAGE> 1


              

                                                                  EXHIBIT 13

                                                            










                                   1994 Annual Report to Shareholders

<TABLE>
                           
                                       FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
<CAPTION>

Dollars in millions, 
 except per share amounts         1994      1993      1992      1991      1990
<S>                           <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Net Interest Income           $  1,717   $ 1,497   $ 1,367   $ 1,350   $ 1,476
Noninterest Income               1,289     1,319     1,183     1,094       976
Provision for Loan Losses          162       284       443       778       495
Noninterest Expense              1,646     1,646     1,519     1,458     1,527
Net Income                         749       559       393       134       311
Net Income Available to  
 Common Shareholders               736       534       360       102       278
Return on Average Assets          1.49%     1.20%     0.85%     0.29%     0.59%
Return on Average Common 
 Shareholders' Equity            18.49     14.98     12.00      3.85     10.64
Common Dividend Payout Ratio     27.88     27.99     33.89    125.49     57.91
 
Per Common Share
Primary Earnings              $   3.92   $  2.87   $  2.10   $  0.64   $  1.75
Fully Diluted Earnings            3.70      2.72      2.00         -      1.75
Cash Dividends                    1.10      0.86      0.76      0.84      1.06
Market Value at Year End         29.00     28.50     26.94     15.44      8.88
 
Average Securities            $  5,941   $ 6,352   $ 6,202   $ 4,676   $ 4,623
Average Loans                   32,029    30,427    30,345    32,719    38,139
Average Total Assets            50,280    46,644    46,227    46,617    53,214
Average Deposits                34,041    32,837    33,237    35,669    37,905
Average Long-Term Debt           1,530     1,729     1,386       991       872
Average Preferred 
 Shareholders' Equity              157       334       409       395       395
Average Common 
 Shareholders' Equity            3,980     3,563     2,996     2,652     2,611
 

At Year End
Allowance for Loan Losses  
 as a Percent of Loans            2.40%     3.17%     3.63%     3.57%     3.11%
Tier I Capital Ratio              8.45      8.87      7.59      5.79      5.03
Total Capital Ratio              13.43     13.65     12.30      9.40      7.96
Leverage Ratio                    7.89      7.99      7.11      5.77      5.02
Common Equity to Assets Ratio     8.55      8.29      7.30      6.14      5.36
Total Equity to Assets Ratio      8.79      8.94      8.24      7.04      6.16
Common Shares Outstanding
(in millions)                  186.935   187.228   182.131   160.746   159.338
Employees                       15,477    15,621    16,167    15,139    15,847

<FN>
The per common share amounts and common shares outstanding have been restated
to reflect the 2-for-1 common stock split effective April 22, 1994.                          
   
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 2

<TABLE>
                               Consolidated Balance Sheets
                            The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
<CAPTION>
                                                                  December 31,     
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in millions, except per share amounts                  1994       1993             
                                                               ----       ----
<S>                                                         <C>        <C>
Assets
  Cash and Due from Banks                                   $ 2,903    $ 4,511
  Interest-Bearing Deposits in Banks                            992        269
  Securities:
    Held-to-Maturity (fair value of $2,707
    in 1994 and $4,449 in 1993)                               2,930      4,356
    Available-for-Sale (fair value of
    $1,721 in 1994 and $1,243 in 1993)                        1,721      1,241
                                                            -------    -------
         Total Securities                                     4,651      5,597
  Trading Assets at Fair Value                                  940      1,325
  Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased
   Under Resale Agreements                                    3,019         36
  Loans (less allowance for loan losses of $792 in  
   1994 and $970 in 1993)                                    32,291     29,600
  Premises and Equipment                                        914        945
  Due from Customers on Acceptances                             810        888
  Accrued Interest Receivable                                   290        222
  Other Assets                                                2,069      2,153
                                                            -------    -------
         Total Assets                                       $48,879    $45,546
                                                            =======    =======    
 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
  Deposits:
   Noninterest-Bearing (principally domestic offices)       $ 8,579    $ 8,690
   Interest-Bearing            
    Domestic Offices                                         14,871     15,156
    Foreign Offices                                          10,641      8,313
                                                            -------    -------
         Total Deposits                                      34,091     32,159
  Federal Funds Purchased and Securities
   Sold Under Repurchase Agreements                           1,502      2,711
  Other Borrowed Funds                                        4,738      2,781
  Acceptances Outstanding                                       812        901
  Accrued Taxes and Other Expenses                            1,049        763
  Accrued Interest Payable                                      213        111
  Other Liabilities                                             404        458
  Long-Term Debt                                              1,774      1,590
                                                            -------    -------
         Total Liabilities                                   44,583     41,474
                                                            -------    -------
 Shareholders' Equity
   Preferred Stock-no par value, authorized 5,000,000
    shares, outstanding 184,000 shares in 1994 and
    3,648,100 shares in 1993                                    111        267
   Class A Preferred Stock-par value $2.00 per share,
    authorized 5,000,000 shares, outstanding 322,104       
    shares in 1994 and 1,085,415 shares in 1993                   8         27
   Common Stock-par value $7.50 per share, authorized
    350,000,000 shares, issued 190,213,322 shares in 1994
    and 187,400,962 shares in 1993                            1,427      1,406
   Additional Capital                                           858        841
   Retained Earnings                                          2,048      1,536
   Securities Valuation Allowance                               (58)         -
                                                            -------    -------
                                                              4,394      4,077
   Less:  Treasury Stock (2,566,071 shares in 1994
    and 173,198 shares in 1993), at cost                         78          5
          Loan to ESOP (712,695 shares in 1994), at cost         20          -
                                                            -------    -------
         Total Shareholders' Equity                           4,296      4,072
                                                            -------    -------
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity                  $48,879    $45,546
                                                            =======    =======
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

</TABLE>

<PAGE> 3

<TABLE>
                          Consolidated Statements of Income
                          The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
<CAPTION>
In millions, except per share amounts          For the years ended December 31,
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1994         1993         1992
                                                ----         ----         ----
<S>                                           <C>          <C>          <C>
Interest Income 
Loans                                         $2,405       $2,025       $2,102
Securities 
 Taxable                                         227          235          262
 Exempt from Federal Income Taxes                 56           69           86
                                              ------       ------       ------
                                                 283          304          348
Deposits in Banks                                 68           24           76
Federal Funds Sold and Securities
 Purchased Under Resale Agreements               161           97           85
Trading Assets                                    45           53           76
                                              ------       ------       ------
     Total Interest Income                     2,962        2,503        2,687
                                              ------       ------       ------
Interest Expense
Deposits                                         842          701        1,005
Federal Funds Purchased and Securities
 Sold Under Repurchase Agreements                106          102          136
Other Borrowed Funds                             191           86           85
Long-Term Debt                                   106          117           94
                                              ------       ------       ------
     Total Interest Expense                    1,245        1,006        1,320
                                              ------       ------       ------
Net Interest Income                            1,717        1,497        1,367
Provision for Loan Losses                        162          284          443
                                              ------       ------       ------
Net Interest Income After Provision
 for Loan Losses                               1,555        1,213          924
                                              ------       ------       ------
Noninterest Income
Processing Fees
  Securities                                     359          309          275
  Other                                          171          162          148
                                              ------       ------       ------
                                                 530          471          423
Trust and Investment Fees                        126          134          121
Service Charges and Fees                         465          454          437
Securities Gains                                  15           64           42
Other                                            153          196          160
                                              ------       ------       ------
      Total Noninterest Income                 1,289        1,319        1,183
                                              ------       ------       ------
Noninterest Expense
Salaries and Employee Benefits                   852          813          714
Net Occupancy                                    178          178          168
Furniture and Equipment                           88           95           97
Other                                            528          560          540
                                              ------       ------       ------
      Total Noninterest Expense                1,646        1,646        1,519
                                              ------       ------       ------
Income Before Income Taxes                     1,198          886          588
 Income Taxes                                    449          327          195
                                              ------       ------       ------
Net Income                                    $  749       $  559       $  393
                                              ======       ======       ======
Net Income Available to Common
 Shareholders                                 $  736       $  534       $  360
                                              ======       ======       ======
Per Common Share:
Primary Earnings                              $ 3.92       $ 2.87       $ 2.10
Fully Diluted Earnings                          3.70         2.72         2.00
Cash Dividends                                  1.10         0.86         0.76
Average Common Shares Outstanding            187.889      186.084      171.448

<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

</TABLE>

<PAGE> 4

<TABLE>
              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
                          The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
<CAPTION>                    
Dollars in millions             
For the years ended December 31,                        1994     1993     1992
                                                        ----     ----     ----
<S>                                                   <C>      <C>      <C>
Preferred Stock
  Balance, January 1                                  $  294   $  428   $  395
    Issuance in Public Offering (shares: 1,334,000)        -        -      139
    Redemption and Repurchase (shares: 3,464,100 in 
     1994, 752,120 in 1993, and 100,000 in 1992)        (156)     (76)     (99)
    Conversion of Preferred Stock (shares: 763,311 in 
     1994, 65,157 in 1993, and 75 in 1992)               (19)     (58)      (7)
                                                      ------   ------   ------
  Balance, December 31                                   119      294      428
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Common Stock
  Balance, January 1                                   1,406    1,366    1,208
    Issuance in Public Offering (shares: 18,400,000)       -        -      138
    Conversion of Preferred Stock (shares: 1,412,076   
     in 1994, 2,937,092 in 1993, and 369,580 in 1992)     11       22        2
    Other Issuances (shares: 1,400,284 in 1994,    
     2,305,298 in 1993, and 2,227,102 in 1992)            10       18       18
                                                      ------   ------   ------
  Balance, December 31                                 1,427    1,406    1,366
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Additional Capital
  Balance, January 1                                     841      784      561
    Issuance in Public Offering                            -        -      201
    Conversion of Preferred Stock                          8       24        3
    Redemption and Repurchases of Preferred Stock         (4)      (1)      (1)
    Other                                                 13       34       20
                                                      ------   ------   ------
  Balance, December 31                                   858      841      784
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Retained Earnings 
  Balance, January 1                                   1,536    1,153      913
    Net Income                                           749      559      393
    Cash Dividends
     Common Stock                                       (205)    (150)    (122)
     Preferred Stock                                     (14)     (27)     (33)
    Redemption of Preferred Stock                        (17)       -        -
    Change in Accumulated Foreign
     Currency Translation Adjustment                      (1)       1        2
                                                      ------   ------   ------
  Balance, December 31                                 2,048    1,536    1,153
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Securities Valuation Allowance
  Balance, January 1                                       1        -        -
    Net Unrealized Loss on Securities
     Available-for-Sale                                  (59)       -        -
                                                      ------   ------   ------
  Balance, December 31                                   (58)       -        -
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Less Treasury Stock
  Balance, January 1                                       5        1        6
    Issued (shares: 1,331,734 in 1994, 10,800 in  
     1993, and 424,346 in 1992)                          (39)       -       (6)
    Acquired (shares: 3,724,607 in 1994, 156,330 in 
     1993, and 35,644 in 1992)                           112        4        1
                                                      ------   ------   ------
  Balance, December 31                                    78        5        1
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Less Loan to ESOP (712,695 shares in 1994)                20        -        -
                                                      ------   ------   ------
  Balance, December 31                                    20        -        -
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Total Shareholders' Equity, December 31               $4,296   $4,072   $3,730
                                                      ======   ======   ======
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 5

<TABLE>
                           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                             The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
<CAPTION>
In millions                                    For the years ended December 31,
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        1994     1993     1992
                                                        ----     ----     ----
<S>                                                   <C>      <C>      <C>
Operating Activities
Net Income                                            $  749   $  559   $  393
Adjustments to Determine Net Cash Provided (Used) 
by Operating Activities:                                   
  Provision for Losses on Loans and Other Real Estate    169      338      520
  Depreciation and Amortization                          200      187      176
  Deferred Income Taxes                                  271      193      165
  Securities Gains                                       (15)     (64)     (42)
  Change in Trading Assets                             1,309     (591)    (251)
  Change in Accruals and Other, Net                     (232)      88     (263)
                                                      ------   ------   ------
    Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities          2,451      710      698
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Investing Activities
Change in Interest-Bearing Deposits in Banks            (711)      16      155
Purchases of Securities Held-to-Maturity                (367)  (2,344)  (1,436)
Sales of Securities Held-to-Maturity                       -       22      361
Maturities of Securities Held-to-Maturity                684    1,174    1,159
Purchase of Securities Available-for-Sale             (1,177)  (2,104)  (3,356)
Sales of Securities Available-for-Sale                 1,985    3,467    2,792
Maturities of Securities Available-for-Sale                8       31       37
Net Principal Collected (Disbursed) on Loans to          
  Customers                                           (3,039)  (2,030)   1,049
Sales of Loans                                           323      494      634
Sales of Other Real Estate                                33       80       81
Change in Federal Funds Sold and Securities 
  Purchased Under Resale Agreements                   (2,983)     229    1,462
Purchases of Premises and Equipment                      (43)     (47)     (40)
Acquisitions, Net of Cash Acquired                      (161)      58      688
Other, Net                                                18      (32)      40
                                                      ------   ------   ------
    Net Cash Provided (Used) by Investing Activities  (5,430)    (986)   3,626
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Financing Activities
Change In Deposits                                     1,814   (1,048)  (1,781)
Change in Federal Funds Purchased and Securities 
  Sold Under Repurchase Agreements                    (1,209)     938   (1,927)
Change in Other Borrowed Funds                           990     (248)   1,897
Proceeds from the Issuance of Long-Term Debt             297      546      595
Repayments of Long-Term Debt                            (115)    (655)    (131)
Redemption, Conversion, and Repurchases of Preferred
  Stock and Warrants                                    (177)     (90)    (102)
Issuance of Common Stock                                  42       53      380
Issuance of Preferred Stock                                -        -      139
Treasury Stock Acquired                                 (112)      (4)      (1)
Cash Dividends Paid                                     (219)    (179)    (153)
                                                      ------   ------   ------
    Net Cash Provided (Used) by Financing Activities   1,311     (687)  (1,084)
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash                   60      (32)     (33)
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Change in Cash and Due From Banks                     (1,608)    (995)   3,207
Cash and Due from Banks at Beginning of Year           4,511    5,506    2,299
                                                      ------   ------   ------
Cash and Due from Banks at End of Year                $2,903   $4,511   $5,506
                                                      ======   ======   ======
Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information
Cash Paid During the Year for:
    Interest                                          $1,143   $1,047   $1,408
    Income Taxes                                         155      181       74
Noncash Investing Activity (Primarily
   Foreclosure of Real Estate)                            43       54      179
Reclassification of Assets to Securities
   Held for Sale                                       1,390        -        -
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1.  Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies

The following is a summary of the Company's more significant accounting
and reporting policies.

Securities - Effective January 1, 1994, the Company accounts for debt
and equity securities classified as available-for-sale at fair value,
except for those equity securities whose fair value cannot be readily
determined.  These securities are carried at cost.  Equity investments
of less than a majority but at least 20% ownership are accounted for by
the equity method and classified as other assets.  For securities
carried at fair value the after tax effect of net unrealized gains and
losses is reported as a separate component of shareholders' equity. 
Previously such securities were stated at the lower of aggregate cost or
market value.  

     Securities classified as trading assets are carried at fair value,
with net unrealized holding gains and losses recognized currently in
income.  Debt securities, which the Company has the ability and intent
to hold until maturity, are classified as held-to-maturity and stated at
cost, adjusted for discount accrued and premium amortized.  Gains and
losses on the sale of securities are determined by the specific
identification method.  

Allowance for Loan Losses - The allowance for loan losses is maintained
at a level that, in management's judgment, is adequate to absorb future
losses.  Management's judgment is based on an evaluation of existing
risks of individual credits; past loan loss experience; the volume,
composition, and growth of the loan portfolio; current and projected
economic conditions; and other relevant factors.

     Effective January 1, 1995, a new accounting standard requires the
Company to introduce the time value of money into the determination of
the portion of the allowance for loan losses which relates to impaired,
non-consumer loans.  The loss component of impaired, non-consumer loans
will be measured by the difference between their recorded value and fair
value.  Fair value would be either the present value of the expected
future cash flows from borrowers, market value of the loan, or the fair
value of the collateral.  The impact of the new method on the Company's
results of operations and financial condition is not expected to be
material.

Nonperforming Assets - Commercial loans are placed on nonaccrual status
when collateral is insufficient and principal or interest is past due 90
days or more, or when there is reasonable doubt that interest or
principal will be collected.  Accrued interest is usually reversed when
a loan is placed on nonaccrual status.  Interest payments received on
nonaccrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal
depending upon management's judgment.  Loans are not restored to
accruing status until principal and interest are current or they become
fully collateralized.  Consumer loans are not classified as
nonperforming assets, but are charged off when they are between 120 and
185 days past due, depending on the product.  Interest accrual on
consumer loans is suspended when the loans are 120 days past due.  Real
estate acquired in satisfaction of loans is carried in other assets at
the lower of the recorded investment in the property or fair value minus
estimated costs to sell.


Derivative Financial Instruments - Derivative contracts, such as
futures, forwards, swaps, options, and similar products, used in trading
activities are recorded at market value; gains and losses are included
in other noninterest income.  Revenues and expenses related to
derivative contracts used to hedge the Company's assets and liabilities
are recorded in net interest income.   Realized gains and losses on
hedge transactions are deferred and amortized as adjustments to net
interest income over the lives (currently 5 years) of the assets or
liabilities.  

Other - Certain 1993 and 1992 information has been reclassified to
conform its presentation with the 1994 financial statements and to
reflect the effects of the 2-for-1 common stock split effective April
22, 1994.

<PAGE> 7

2.  Mergers and Acquisitions

During 1994, the Company made acquisitions related to its corporate
trust and factoring businesses.  In December 1992, the Company acquired
substantially all of the banking activities of Barclays Bank of
New York, N.A. (Barclays).  This transaction added deposits of $1.9
billion and assets of $1.8 billion. The pro forma effect of these
acquisitions would not have been material.

     On August 11, 1993, the 10,730,668 outstanding shares of National
Community Banks'(NCB) common stock were exchanged for 20,602,882 shares
of the Company's common stock and the 1,149,750 outstanding shares of
NCB's preferred stock were exchanged for an equal number of shares of
the Company's Class A preferred stock.  The merger was accounted for as
a pooling of interests and prior period financial statements were
restated.  

     In the first quarter of 1995, the Company made acquisitions related
to its corporate trust, American depositary receipts and unit investment
trust businesses.

3.  Securities

The following table sets forth the amortized cost and the fair values of
securities at the end of the last two years:

                                               1994        
                          --------------------------------------------
                                          Gross Unrealized
In millions               Amortized       ----------------       Fair    
                               Cost       Gains     Losses       Value
                          ---------       ------    ------       -----
Securities Held-to- 
 Maturity  
U. S. Government 
 Obligations                 $1,428         $ 1      $  92      $1,337   
U.S. Government Agency
 Obligations                    319           -         23         296   
Obligations of States and 
 Political Subdivisions         769           5          7         767   
Emerging Markets                294           -        104         190  
Other Debt Securities           120           -          3         117  
                             ------         ---      -----      ------  
   Total Securities
    Held-to-Maturity          2,930           6        229       2,707   
                             ------         ---      -----      ------
Securities 
 Available-for-Sale    
U. S. Government 
 Obligations                  1,520           2         96       1,426   
Obligations of States and
 Political Subdivisions           7           -          -           7   
Emerging Markets                 24           3          5          22 
Equity Securities               268          11         13         266  
                             ------         ---      -----      ------   
   Total Securities
    Available-for-Sale        1,819          16        114       1,721    
                             ------         ---      -----      ------  
   Total Securities          $4,749         $22      $ 343      $4,428   
                             ======         ===      =====      ======  

<PAGE> 8

                                              1993        
                          -------------------------------------------
                                         Gross Unrealized                
In millions               Amortized      ----------------        Fair    
                               Cost      Gains     Losses       Value
                          ---------      -----     ------      ------
Securities Held-to- 
 Maturity  
U. S. Government 
 Obligations                 $2,754       $ 61        $2       $2,813   
U.S. Government Agency
 Obligations                    250          8         -          258   
Obligations of States and 
 Political Subdivisions       1,033         10         -        1,043   
Equity Securities               206         16         2          220  
Other Debt Securities           113          3         1          115  
                             ------       ----        --       ------  
   Total Securities
    Held-to-Maturity          4,356         98         5        4,449   
                             ------       ----        --       ------
Securities 
 Available-for-Sale    
U. S. Government 
 Obligations                  1,096          1         -        1,097   
U.S. Government Agency
 Obligations                    120          -         -          120   
Obligations of States and
 Political Subdivisions           9          -         -            9   
Equity Securities                16          1         -           17  
                             ------       ----        --       ------   
   Total Securities
    Available-for-Sale        1,241          2         -        1,243    
                             ------       ----        --       ------  
   Total Securities          $5,597       $100        $5       $5,692   
                             ======       ====        ==       ======  

     The amortized cost and fair values of securities at December 31,
1994, by contractual maturity, are as follows:

                                     Held-to-Maturity     Available-for-Sale
                                   --------------------  -------------------
                                   Amortized       Fair  Amortized      Fair 
In millions                             Cost      Value       Cost     Value
                                   ---------    -------  ---------   -------

Due in One Year or Less               $  549     $  544     $   25    $   27
Due After One Year Through
 Five Years                            1,047        999      1,003       967
Due After Five Years Through
 Ten Years                               600        549        507       441
Due After Ten Years                      569        462         16        20
Mortgage-Backed Securities               165        153          -         -
Equity Securities                          -          -        268       266
                                      ------     ------     ------    ------
                                      $2,930     $2,707     $1,819    $1,721
                                      ======     ======     ======    ======  
    
     Realized gross gains and (losses) on the sale of securities
available-for-sale were $17 million and $(1) million in 1994 and $38
million and $(3) million in 1993.

     Assets, including securities sold under repurchase agreements,
carried at $2 billion, $3 billion, and $2 billion at December 31, 1994,
1993, and 1992 were pledged for various purposes as required or
permitted by law.

<PAGE> 9

4.  Loans

The Company's loan distribution and industry concentrations of credit
risk at December 31, 1994 and 1993 are incorporated by reference from
"Loans" in the Management's Discussion and Analysis Section of this
Report.  The Company's retail, community, and middle market banking
operations in the New York metropolitan area create a significant
geographic concentration.
     
     In the ordinary course of business the Company and its banking
subsidiaries have made loans at prevailing interest rates and terms to
directors and executive officers of the Company and to certain entities
to which these individuals are related.  The aggregate dollar amount of
these loans was $663 million and $237 million at December 31, 1994 and
1993, respectively.  The change in the amount of loans outstanding is
primarily attributable to the inclusion of previously existing loans to
entities which became related parties upon increased ownership interests
acquired during 1994 by entities related to a director of the Company.
All loans were fully performing during this period.

Transactions in the allowance for loan losses are summarized as follows:

-------------------------------------------------------------
In millions                          1994      1993      1992
-------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, January 1                  $ 970    $1,072    $1,084
  Charge-Offs                        (411)     (449)     (628)
  Recoveries                           57        62       117
                                    -----    ------    ------
    Net Charge-Offs                  (354)     (387)     (511)
  Provision                           162       284       443
  Credit Card Securitization           14         1         -
  Acquisitions                          -         -        56 
                                    -----    ------    ------
Balance, December 31                $ 792    $  970    $1,072
                                    =====    ======    ======

     Nonaccrual and reduced rate loans outstanding at December 31, 1994,
1993, and 1992 were $297 million, $540 million, and $788 million.  At
December 31, 1994, commitments to borrowers whose loans were classified
as nonaccrual or reduced rate were not material.  At December 31, 1994
there were no derivative financial instruments on nonperforming status.

     Interest income received on nonaccrual and reduced rate loans
exceeded reversals by $3 million in 1994, $4 million in 1993, and $7
million in 1992.  Interest income would have been increased by $17
million, $27 million, and $89 million if loans on nonaccrual status at
December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992 had been performing for the entire
year.  At year end, foreign (including LDC) loans on nonperforming
status were $77 million in 1994, $130 million in 1993, and $198 million
in 1992.  Interest income received on foreign nonperforming loans
equaled reversals in 1994 and 1993, and exceeded reversals by $1 million
in 1992.  Interest income would have been increased by $2 million, $6
million, and $10 million if foreign loans on nonaccrual status at
December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992 had been performing for the entire
year.

     Other real estate was $56 million, $99 million, and $268 million,
at December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992.  Writedowns of and expenses
related to other real estate included in noninterest expense were $11
million, $53 million, and $106 million (including operating expenses of
$4 million, $8 million, and $25 million) in 1994, 1993, and 1992.

<PAGE> 10

5.  Long-Term Debt

The following is a summary of the contractual maturity and sinking fund
requirements of long-term debt at December 31, 1994 and 1993:

                                            1994                        1993
                      ---------------------------------------------    -----
                                   1 Year    After 5 Years                 
                       Under      Through          Through
In millions           1 Year      5 Years         10 Years    Total     Total
                      ------    ---------    -------------   ------    ------
Fixed                     $3          $12           $1,700   $1,715    $1,499
Variable                   5           24               30       59        91
                          --          ---           ------   ------    ------
 Total                    $8          $36           $1,730   $1,774    $1,590
                          ==          ===           ======   ======    ======


     Fixed-rate debt at December 31, 1994 had interest rates ranging
from 6.50% to 8.50%.  The weighted average interest rates on fixed-rate
debt at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were 7.50% and 7.29%.  Exposure to
interest rate movements is reduced by interest rate swap agreements.  As
a result of these agreements, the effective interest rates differ from
those stated.  The weighted average interest rates on variable-rate debt
at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were 6.25% and 5.58%.

     The Company's $250 million of 7.50% subordinated debentures due
2001 are convertible at the option of the holder into common stock of
the Company at a price of $19.55 per share, subject to adjustment in
certain circumstances.  The debentures may be redeemed, at the option of
the Company, on or after August 15, 1996 at an initial redemption price
of 103.75% of the principal amount, declining by 0.75% per annum.

<PAGE> 11

6.  Shareholders' Equity

The following is a summary of the Company's preferred stock outstanding:

Dollars in millions, except per share amounts         December 31, 1994   1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.60% Cumulative, stated value $625 per share, issued
184,000 shares (4,600,000 depositary shares)                       $111   $111
Other                                                                 8    183
                                                                   ----   ----
       Total                                                       $119   $294
                                                                   ====   ====

     All holders of cumulative preferred stock have cumulative dividend
rights in preference to holders of common stock.  

     The 8.60% cumulative preferred stock has a liquidation preference
of $625 per share and is redeemable at the option of the Company on and
after December 1, 1997 at $625 per share, plus cumulative and unpaid
dividends.

     At December 31, 1994, 13,771,936 warrants expiring in 1998
(exercise price $31 per share) to purchase approximately 27,543,872
shares of the Company's common stock were outstanding.  

     The treasury shares were acquired pursuant to a plan to buy back up
to 5 million common shares.  

     At December 31, 1994, the Company had reserved for issuance 59
million common shares pursuant to the terms of securities and employee
benefit plans.

     The Company has a preferred stock purchase rights plan.  The plan
provides that if any person or group becomes the beneficial owner of 20%
or more of the Company's common stock (an "acquiring person"), then on
and after the tenth day thereafter, each right would entitle the holder
to purchase $400 in market value of the Company's common stock for $200. 
In addition, if there is a business combination between the Company and
an acquiring person, or in certain other circumstances, each right (if
not previously exercised) would entitle the holder to purchase $200 in
market value of the common stock of the acquiring person for $100.  The
rights are redeemable by the Company at $0.05 per right until they are
exercisable, and will expire in 2004.

     The effect of common stock equivalents (stock options and warrants)
on earnings per share is not dilutive.  Fully diluted earnings per share
give effect to the assumed conversion of convertible debentures and
convertible preferred stock.

<PAGE> 12

7.  Income Taxes

Income taxes included in the consolidated statements of income consist
of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     1994                   1993                  1992
In         ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
millions   Current Deferred Total Current Deferred Total Current Deferred Total
           ------- -------- ----- ------- -------- ----- ------- -------- -----
<S>           <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>      <C>   <C>      <C>     <C>   <C>
Federal       $134    $ 189  $323    $ 90     $153  $243     $13     $112  $125
Foreign         13        -    13      11        -    11      10        -    10
State and  
Local           31       82   113      33       40    73       7       53    60
              ----    -----  ----    ----     ----  ----     ---     ----  ----
              $178    $ 271  $449    $134     $193  $327     $30     $165  $195
              ====    =====  ====    ====     ====  ====     ===     ====  ====

</TABLE>                                                                   

     The components of income before taxes for the computation of taxes
are as follows:
------------------------------------------
In millions         1994     1993     1992
------------------------------------------
Domestic          $1,149     $821     $540
Foreign               49       65       48
                  ------     ----     ----
                  $1,198     $886     $588
                  ======     ====     ====

     The Company's net deferred tax liability (included in accrued
taxes) at December 31 consisted of the following:
------------------------------------------------------------
In millions                       1994       1993      1992 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                                      
Lease Financings                 $ 883     $  784    $  722                   
Depreciation and Amortization      308        285       280
Credit Losses on                                                               
  Nonperforming Loans             (386)      (508)     (532)
Other                              105        106        70
                                 -----     ------    ------
 
  Net Deferred Tax Liability     $ 910     $  667    $  540
                                 =====     ======    ======

     The Company has not recorded a valuation allowance because it
expects to realize all of its deferred tax assets.

     A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the
Company's effective income tax rate is shown in the following table:     
 
    
                                  1994        1993        1992
                                  ----        ----        ----

Federal Rate                      35.0%       35.0%       34.0%
Tax-Exempt Interest               (1.6)       (2.7)       (4.9)
Foreign Operations                (1.3)       (0.2)       (3.2)
State and Local Income
 Taxes, Net of Federal
 Income Tax Benefit                5.8         4.6         6.7
Nondeductible Expenses             1.3         2.3         3.1
Leveraged Lease Portfolio         (0.5)        0.3        (0.7)
Other                             (1.2)       (2.4)       (1.8)
                                 -----       -----       -----
Effective Rate                    37.5%       36.9%       33.2%
                                 =====       =====       =====

<PAGE> 13

8.  Employee Benefit Plans

Pension Plans
-------------
The Company has defined benefit retirement plans covering substantially
all full-time employees.  The Company has an Employee Stock Ownership
Plan (ESOP), which may provide additional benefits.  The Company's
funding policy is to annually contribute an amount necessary to satisfy
the Internal Revenue Service's funding standards.

     The following table presents the income (expense) components
included in net pension income:
  
  In millions                                         1994    1993    1992
                                                      ----    ----    ----
  Service Cost - Benefits Earned                      $(17)   $(14)   $(14)
  Interest Cost on Projected Benefit Obligation        (23)    (20)    (23)
  Actual Return on Plan Assets                         (16)     52      74
  Net Amortization and Deferral                         82       9     (20)
                                                      ----    ----    ----
  Net Pension Income                                  $ 26    $ 27    $ 17
                                                      ====    ====    ====

     The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in
computing pension income was 10.5% in 1994, 1993, and 1992.  The ESOP
provision was $1 million in 1994 and 1993 and $3 million in 1992.

     The following table sets forth the retirement plans' funded status
at December 31, 1994 and 1993:
  
  In millions                                                 1994     1993
                                                              ----     ----
  Present Value of Accumulated Benefit Obligation, Including
    Vested Benefits of $220 in 1994 and $265 in 1993          $232     $281
                                                              ====     ====
  Present Value of Projected Benefit Obligation               $257     $311
  Plan Assets at Fair Value, Primarily Short-Term
    Investments, Fixed-Income and Equity Securities            561      588
                                                              ----     ----
  Excess of Plan Assets over the 
    Projected Benefit Obligation                               304      277
  Unrecognized Prior Service Cost                              (24)     (27)
  Unrecognized Net Loss from Past Differences and
    Effects of Changes in Assumptions                           43       41 
  Unrecognized Net Asset Being Amortized over 16.2 Years       (24)     (27)
                                                              ----     ----
  Prepaid Pension Cost Included in Other Assets               $299     $264
                                                              ====     ====
  Assumptions used in computing the benefit obligation  
  were: 
  
  Weighted Average Discount Rate                              9.38%    7.88%
  Rate of Increase in Future Compensation Level               4.38     4.38

<PAGE> 14

Other Postretirement Benefits
-----------------------------
     The Company provides health care and life insurance benefits for
certain retired employees.  In the first quarter of 1993, the Company
changed to the accrual from the cash method of accounting for these
benefits.  

     The cost of these benefits consisted of the following components:

In millions                                            1994       1993
                                                       ----       ----
Service Cost - Benefits Earned                         $  2       $  3
Accumulated Benefit Obligation:
  Interest                                               10         11
  Amortization                                            7          7
                                                       ----       ----
    Total                                              $ 19       $ 21
                                                       ====       ====

     The assumed health care cost trend rates to be used in determining
the cost of these benefits for 1995 is 9%, decreasing proportionately in
each successive year to 6% in 2010 and thereafter.  A change of one
percentage point in this rate for each year would change the benefit
obligation by 10% and the cost of the benefits by 7%.

     The following table sets forth the funded status of the Company's
other postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31:
                                             
   In millions                                                1994      1993 
                                                             -----      ----
   Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation:
     Retirees                                                $  69     $  88
     Fully Eligible Active Plan Participants                    21        23
     Other Active Plan Participants                             29        37
                                                             -----     -----
   Total Obligation                                            119       148
   Unrecognized Net Gain (Loss) from Past Differences    
     and Effects of Changes in Assumptions                      20       (16)
   Unrecognized Net Liability Being Amortized 
     Over 20 Years                                            (116)     (123) 
                                                             -----     -----
   Accrued Postretirement Benefit                             
     Obligation Included in Other Liabilities                $  23     $   9
                                                             =====     =====

      The assumed discount rates used in determining the accumulated
benefit obligation were 9.38% and 7.75% in 1994 and 1993.

<PAGE> 15

9.  Company Financial Information

The condensed financial statements of the Company are as follows:

Balance Sheets
In millions          December 31,                   1994        1993
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets
Cash and Due from Banks                           $    -      $    2
Securities                                           138          96
Loans                                                199           3
Investment in and Advances to Subsidiaries
 Banks                                             6,112       5,713
 Other                                               140         435
                                                  ------      ------
                                                   6,252       6,148
                                                  ------      ------
Other Assets                                         138         129
                                                  ------      ------
  Total Assets                                    $6,727      $6,378
                                                  ======      ======
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Other Borrowed Funds                              $  427      $  407
Due to Subsidiaries 
 Banks                                                32          42
 Other                                                16          12
                                                  ------      ------
                                                      48          54
                                                  ------      ------
Other Liabilities                                    183         256
Long-Term Debt                                     1,773       1,589
                                                  ------      ------
  Total Liabilities                                2,431       2,306
                                                  ------      ------
Shareholders' Equity*
 Preferred                                           119         294
 Common                                            4,177       3,778
                                                  ------      ------
  Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity      $6,727      $6,378
                                                  ======      ======

*See Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity.

<PAGE> 16

Statements of Income

In millions    For the years ended December 31,          1994    1993    1992
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Income 
Dividends from Subsidiaries
 Banks                                                   $240    $171    $156
 Other                                                      -       7      32
Interest from Subsidiaries
 Banks                                                     98      99      70
 Other                                                      -       1       1
Other                                                      24      21       8
                                                         ----    ----    ----
  Total                                                   362     299     267
                                                         ----    ----    ----
Operating Expenses
Interest (including $1 in 1994, $8 in 1993,
 and $10 in 1992 to nonbank subsidiaries)                 122     128     108
Other                                                      15      18      10
                                                         ----    ----    ----
  Total                                                   137     146     118
                                                         ----    ----    ----
Income Before Income Taxes and Equity in
 Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries                   225     153     149

Income Tax Benefit                                         (8)    (11)    (19)
                                                         ----    ----    ----
Income Before Equity in Undistributed 
 Earnings of Subsidiaries                                 233     164     168
                                                         ----    ----    ----
Equity in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries
 Banks                                                    506     386     236 
 Other                                                     10       9     (11)
                                                         ----    ----    ----
  Total                                                   516     395     225 
                                                         ----    ----    ----
Net Income                                               $749    $559    $393
                                                         ====    ====    ====
<PAGE> 17

Statements of Cash Flows
In millions       For the years ended December 31,    1994     1993     1992
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
Net Income                                           $ 749    $ 559   $  393
Adjustments to Determine Net Cash Provided (Used)
  by Operating Activities
  Amortization                                           3        4        2
  Equity in Undistributed Earnings 
   of Subsidiaries                                    (517)    (393)    (226)
  Securities (Gains) Losses                            (13)     (14)      15 
  Change in Interest Receivable                         (4)      (4)      (4)
  Change in Interest Payable                             1       (1)      13
  Change in Taxes Payable                              (78)      31       (1)
  Other, Net                                             9        3      (18)
                                                     -----    -----   ------
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities           150      185      174
                                                     -----    -----   ------
Investing Activities
Purchase of Securities                                (142)     (57)     (39)
Sales of Securities                                     89      117       94
Maturities of Securities                                 1       37        4
Change in Loans                                       (196)       8        8
Acquisition of, Investment in, and Advances to 
  Subsidiaries                                         367      154   (1,265)
                                                     -----    -----   ------
   Net Cash Provided (Used) by Investing Activities    119      259   (1,198)
                                                     -----    -----   ------
Financing Activities
Change in Other Borrowed Funds                          20       32      257 
Proceeds from the Issuance of Long-Term Debt           297      546      595
Repayments of Long-Term Debt                          (115)    (589)    (129)
Change in Advances from Subsidiaries                    (7)    (217)      40 
Redemption, Conversion, and Repurchases of
  Preferred Stock and Warrants                        (177)     (90)    (102)
Issuance of Common Stock                                42       53      380
Issuance of Preferred Stock                              -        -      139
Treasury Stock Acquired                               (112)      (4)      (1)
Cash Dividends Paid                                   (219)    (179)    (153)
                                                     -----    -----   ------
   Net Cash Provided (Used) by Financing 
    Activities                                        (271)    (448)   1,026 
                                                     -----    -----   ------
Change in Cash and Due from Banks                       (2)      (4)       2 
Cash and Due from Banks at Beginning of Year             2        6        4
                                                     -----    -----   ------
Cash and Due from Banks at End of Year               $   -    $   2   $    6
                                                     =====    =====   ======
Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information
Cash Paid During the Year for:
   Interest                                          $ 122    $ 129   $   95
   Income Taxes                                        118      152       78

<PAGE> 18

     The Bank of New York ("Bank"), a significant subsidiary, is subject
to dividend limitations under the Federal Reserve Act and the New York
Banking Law.  The Bank of New York National Association ("BNYNA") is
subject to dividend limitations under the National Bank Act.  Under
these statutes, prior regulatory approval is required for dividends in
any year that would exceed either bank's net profits for such year
combined with retained net profits for the prior two years.  Also, both
banks are prohibited from paying a dividend in an amount greater than
"undivided profits then on hand" less "bad debts" (generally loans six
months or more past due).

     Under the first of these two standards, in 1995 the Bank could
declare dividends of $513 million plus net profits earned in 1995 and
BNYNA could declare dividends of $117 million plus net profits earned in
1995.  Neither bank is restrained from paying dividends under the second
of these two standards.  

     In addition to these statutory tests, each bank's primary federal
regulator (the Federal Reserve Board, in the case of the Bank, and the
Comptroller of the Currency, in the case of BNYNA) could prohibit a
dividend if they determined that the payment would constitute an unsafe
or unsound banking practice.  Bank regulators have indicated that,
generally, dividends should be paid by banks only to the extent of
earnings from continuing operations.

     The Company, the Bank, BNYNA, and The Bank of New York (Delaware)
each must comply with risk based capital and leverage ratio guidelines
established by bank regulators for bank holding companies and banks.  In
addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of
1991 ("FDICIA") restricts dividend payments that would cause certain
capital ratios to fall below "adequate" capital ratio standards.  Each
of the Company, the Bank, BNYNA, and The Bank of New York (Delaware) is
in compliance with the capital and leverage ratio standards applicable
to it.

     The dividend policy of The Bank of New York (Delaware) is to
declare dividends that, at a minimum, allow it to meet capital
guidelines established by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
("FDIC").

     Consistent with its policy regarding bank holding companies serving
as a source of financial strength for their subsidiary banks, the
Federal Reserve Board has stated that, as a matter of prudent banking, a
bank holding company generally should not maintain a rate of cash
dividends unless its net income available to common stockholders has
been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of
earnings retention appears consistent with the bank holding company's
capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition.

     The Federal Reserve Act limits amounts of, and requires collateral
on, extensions of credit by the Company's insured bank subsidiaries to
the Company and, with certain exceptions, its nonbank affiliates; also,
there are restrictions on the amounts of investments by such banks in
stock and other securities of the Company and such affiliates, and
restrictions on the acceptance of their securities as collateral for
loans by such banks.  Extensions of credit by insured bank subsidiaries
to each of the Company and such affiliates are limited to 10% of such
bank subsidiary's capital and surplus, and in the aggregate for the
Company and all such affiliates to 20%.

     The subsidiary banks of the Company are required to maintain
reserve balances with Federal Reserve Banks under the Federal Reserve
Act and Regulation D.  Required balances averaged $789 million and $769
million for the years 1994 and 1993. 

<PAGE> 19

10.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying amounts of the Company's financial instruments (i.e.,
monetary assets and liabilities) are determined under different
accounting methods-see Note 1.  The following disclosure discusses these
instruments on a uniform basis - fair value.  However, active markets do
not exist for a significant portion of these instruments, principally loans
and commitments.  As a result, fair value determinations require significant 
subjective judgments regarding future cash flows.  Other judgments would 
result in different fair values.  Among the assumptions used by the Company 
are discount rates ranging principally from 7% to 11% at December 31, 1994 
and 4% to 11% at December 31, 1993.  The fair value information supplements 
the basic financial statements and other traditional financial data
presented throughout this Report.

     A summary of the practices used for determining fair value is as
follows:

Securities, Trading Activities, and Derivatives Designated as Hedges
--------------------------------------------------------------------
The fair value of securities and trading assets and liabilities is based
on quoted market prices, dealer quotes, or pricing models.  The fair
value of derivative instruments such as options, future and forward rate
contracts, commitments to purchase and sell foreign exchange, and
foreign currency swaps, are similarly determined.  The fair value of
interest rate swaps is the amount that would be received or paid to
terminate the agreement.  

Loans and Commitments
---------------------
For certain categories of consumer loans, fair value includes
consideration of the quoted market prices for securities backed by
similar loans.  The fair value of other types of loans is determined by
discounting the future cash flows  and using secondary market values. 
The fair value of commitments to extend credit, standby letters of
credit, and commercial letters of credit is based upon the cost to
settle the commitment.

Other Financial Assets
----------------------
The fair value of these assets is assumed to equal their carrying value
due to their short maturity.

Deposits, Borrowings, and Long-Term Debt
----------------------------------------
The fair value of noninterest-bearing deposits is assumed to be their
carrying amount.  The fair value of interest-bearing deposits,
borrowings, and long-term debt is estimated based upon the current rates
for instruments of the same remaining maturity or quoted market prices
for the same or similar issues.

<PAGE> 20

The carrying amount and estimated fair value of the Company's financial
instruments are as follows:

In millions    December 31,               1994                   1993
                                  --------------------    -------------------
                                  Carrying        Fair    Carrying       Fair
                                    Amount       Value      Amount      Value
                                  --------       -----    --------    -------
            
Assets:                         
Securities                        $ 4,780      $ 4,623     $ 5,715    $ 5,878
Trading Assets*                       940          940       1,325      1,325
Loans and Commitments              30,739       30,944      28,259     28,839
Derivatives Designated as Hedges       19           15          28        (42)
Other Financial Assets              7,211        7,211       5,065      5,065
                                  -------      -------     -------    -------
  Total Financial Assets           43,689      $43,733      40,392    $41,065
                                               =======                =======
Non-Financial Assets                5,190                    5,154
                                  -------                  -------
Total Assets                      $48,879                  $45,546
                                  =======                  =======
Liabilities:
Noninterest-Bearing Deposits      $ 8,579      $ 8,579     $ 8,690    $ 8,690
Interest-Bearing Deposits          25,512       25,477      23,469     23,524
Borrowings                          5,888        5,886       5,586      5,607
Long-Term Debt                      1,774        1,812       1,590      1,808
Trading Liabilities*                  562          562           -          -
Derivatives Designated as Hedges       14           45          26        (30)
                                  -------      -------     -------    -------
  Total Financial Liabilities      42,329      $42,361      39,361    $39,599
                                               =======                =======
Non-Financial Liabilities           2,254                    2,113
                                  -------                  -------
Total Liabilities                 $44,583                  $41,474
                                  =======                  ======= 

*  On January 1, 1994, a new accounting standard required the Company to
recognize unrealized gains and losses related to certain interest rate
and foreign currency contracts as assets and liabilities on its balance
sheet.  The new standard allows the netting of unrealized gains and
losses with the same counterparty when a master netting agreement is in
effect.  The Company previously presented all unrealized gains and
losses on a net basis.  Reported assets and liabilities would have been
increased by approximately $688 million at December 31, 1993 as a result
of the new standard.

     Commitments and contingent items reduced the fair value of loans
and commitments by $79 million in 1994 and $62 million in 1993.

<PAGE> 21

     The table below summarizes the carrying amount of items hedged and
the related notional amount and fair value (unrealized gain/loss) of
interest rate swaps and futures contracts that were designated as
hedges:

In millions                                                             
                                       Interest            Futures
                                      Rate Swaps*         Contracts** 
Financial                            ------------         -----------         
Instruments                                 
-----------            Carrying  Notional  Unrealized  Notional  Unrealized
                         Amount    Amount  Gain (Loss)   Amount  Gain (Loss)
                       --------  --------  ----  ----    ------  ----  ----
At December 31, 1994
--------------------
Loans                    $1,383    $  705   $22  $( 8)   $1,319    $1   $ -   
Deposits                  2,779     1,030    14   (15)    2,325     -    (7)
Borrowings                1,907     1,777     7    (3)    1,040     -    (2)  
Long-Term Debt              400       400     -   (39)        -     -     -   
Credit Card 
 Securitization             200       200     -     -         -     -     - 


At December 31, 1993
--------------------
Loans                    $1,001    $  649   $ -  $(35)   $2,033    $-   $ -
Securities                  601       100     1     -     4,452     -    (8)
Deposits                    579       579    27     -         -     -     - 
Borrowings                  717       717     -     -         -     -     -
Long-Term Debt              275       275     3     -         -     -     -
Credit Card 
 Securitization             450       450     9     -         -     -     -


     
      * Gross unrealized gains (losses) for interest rate swaps 
        are shown net at December 31, 1993.

     ** Including forward rate agreements 


    A discussion of the credit, interest rate, and foreign exchange
risks inherent in off-balance-sheet financial transactions is presented
under "Trading and Off-Balance-Sheet Risks" in the Management's Discussion
and Analysis Section of this report.

    The Company's financial assets and liabilities are primarily
variable rate instruments.  Fixed rate loans and deposits are issued to
satisfy customer and investor needs.  Derivative financial instruments
are utilized to manage exposure to the effect of interest rate changes
on fixed rate assets and liabilities, and to enhance liquidity.  The
Company matches the duration of derivatives to that of the assets and
liabilities being hedged, so that changes in fair value resulting from
changes in interest rates will be offset.
 
    The Company used receive fixed and pay fixed interest rate swaps,
futures contracts, and forward rate agreements to convert fixed rate
loans, deposits, borrowings, long term debt, and securitized credit card
receivables to floating rates.  The aggregate notional amount of the
futures contracts is greater than the amount of assets hedged because
the three-month duration of the futures contract is shorter than the
duration of the assets hedged.  The basis swaps convert various variable
rate borrowings to LIBOR which better matches the assets funded by the
borrowings. 

<PAGE> 22

    The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to protect the
value of its investments in foreign subsidiaries.  The after-tax effects
are shown in the cumulative translation adjustment included in
shareholders' equity.  At December 31, 1994 and 1993, $202 million and
$212 million in notional amount of foreign exchange contracts, with fair
values of zero and $2 million, hedged corresponding amounts of
foreign investments.  These foreign exchange contracts had a maturity of
approximately one month at December 31, 1994.

     Deferred net gains on derivative financial instruments designated
as hedges amounted to $4 million and $7 million at December 31, 1994 and
1993.  

     Net interest income increased by $24 million, $39 million, and zero
in 1994, 1993, and 1992 as a result of derivative financial instruments
designated as hedges.

     The following table illustrates the notional amount, maturities,
and weighted average rates for interest rate contracts that were
designated as hedges:
                                                          Maturities
In millions                            Total    -----------------------------
                                     12/31/94    1995       1996   Thereafter
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Receive Fixed Interest Rate Swaps:                                       
  Notional Amount                     $1,525   $  522     $  228     $ 775 
  Weighted Average:                                                      
    Receive Rate                        6.94%    6.95%      8.01%     6.62%
    Pay Rate (1)                        6.97     5.55       6.95      7.94
Pay Fixed Interest Rate Swaps:
  Notional Amount                     $  705   $  152     $   36     $ 517
  Weighted Average:
    Receive Rate (1)                    7.21%    5.51%      7.08%     7.72%
    Pay Rate                            7.03     5.38       7.74      7.46
Basis Interest Rate Swaps:
  Notional Amount                     $1,882   $1,721          -     $ 161
  Weighted Average:
    Receive Rate                        5.86%    5.87%         -      5.76%
    Pay Rate                            5.87     5.81          -      6.52
Long Eurodollar Futures:
  Notional Amount                     $2,381   $  954     $  537     $ 890
  Weighted Average Rate                 7.44%    6.90%      7.51%     7.98%
Short Eurodollar Futures:
  Notional Amount                     $1,319   $1,283     $   36         -
  Weighted Average Rate                 6.37%    6.37%      6.18%        -
Forward Rate Agreements:
  Notional Amount                     $  984   $  984          -         -
  Weighted Average:
  Receive Rate                          7.13%    7.13%         -         -
  Pay Rate                              7.62     7.62          -         -

   (1) The variable replacement rates shown above are calculated from the
       implied forward LIBOR yield curve as of December 31, 1994.  However,
       actual repricings are generally based on 3 month LIBOR.

<PAGE> 23

11.  Trading Activities

The fair value and the notional amount of the Company's financial
instruments that are held for trading purposes are:

In millions                                          1994 Fair Values
                           Notional Amount         Assets       Liabilities
                          ------------------  ---------------  -------------- 
Trading Account           12/31/94  12/31/93  12/31  Average   12/31  Average
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Interest Rate Contracts:
 Futures and Forward
  Contracts                $ 3,890   $ 9,998   $  7   $   18    $  2    $ 14
 Swaps                       6,527     8,053     58      144      41     117
 Written Options             5,497     6,225      -        -      26      14
 Purchased Options           5,685     5,159     26       14       -       -

Foreign Exchange Contracts: 
 Swaps                         549       677     31       45      38      52
 Written Options             2,161       898     14       14       7      12
 Purchased Options           2,451     1,027      3        9      13      16
 Commitments to Purchase 
  and Sell Foreign Exchange 45,860    37,265    383      721     435     712

Debt Securities                                 162      582       -       -
Other Securities                                256      336       -       -
                                               ----    -----    ----    ---- 
Total Trading Account                          $940   $1,883    $562    $937
                                               ====   ======    ====    ====
                                                                
     The credit exposure for these assets represents unrealized gains
with counterparties (Assets in the table above).  These credit exposures
have been reduced by $284 million as a result of master netting
agreements related to trading account and hedging derivatives.  

     At December 31, 1994, approximately $14.3 billion of interest rate
contracts will mature within one year, $6.2 billion between one to five
years, and the balance after five years.  Substantially all foreign
exchange contracts mature within one year.  

     Other noninterest income included the following income related to
trading activities:

In millions                                               
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                  1994             1993             1992
                                  ----             ----             ----
Foreign Exchange                   $27              $54              $66
Interest Rate Contracts             13               18                7
Debt and Other Securities            4                7               21
                                   ---              ---              ---
                                   $44              $79              $94
                                   ===              ===              ===

     Foreign exchange includes income from trading commitments to
purchase and sell foreign exchange, futures, and options.  Interest rate
contracts reflect the results of trading futures and forward contracts,
interest rate swaps, foreign currency swaps, and options.  Debt and
other securities reflect income from trading debt and equity securities
and mortgage loan origination activities.

<PAGE> 24

12.  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

In the normal course of business, various commitments and contingent
liabilities are outstanding which are not reflected in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets.  Management does not expect any material
losses to result from these matters.   

     A summary of the notional amount of the Company's off-balance-sheet
credit  transactions, net of participations, at December 31, 1994 and
1993 follows:
                                                                    
In millions                                               
                                    
Off-Balance-Sheet Credit Risks                 1994               1993 
------------------------------                 ----               ----
Commercial Lending Commitments               $21,931            $19,463        
Credit Card Commitments                       15,512             11,118
Standby Letters of Credit                      4,085              3,146        
Commercial Letters of Credit                   2,070              1,497        
Securities Lending Indemnifications           15,326             15,005        

     The total potential loss on undrawn commitments, standby and
commercial letters of credit, and securities lending indemnifications is
equal to the total notional amount if drawn upon, which does not
consider the value of any collateral.  The Company does not anticipate
the use of all of its unused credit lines available to credit card
holders by individual customers at one time.  These credit lines are
contingent upon customers maintaining specific credit standards, and the
Company has the right to reduce or cancel them at any time.  

     Standby letters of credit principally support corporate obligations
and include $1.6 billion and $1.0 billion that were collateralized with
cash and securities at December 31, 1994 and 1993.  At December 31, 1994
and 1993, securities lending indemnifications were secured by collateral
of $15.3 billion and $15.0 billion.  

     At December 31, 1994, approximately $3.4 billion of the standbys
will expire within one year, $0.7 billion between one to five years, and
the balance after five years.  

     At December 31, 1994 and 1993, the Company has recourse obligations
related to the sale of $1,251 million and $2,118 million of mortgages
and credit card receivables.  The Company has recorded liabilities for
these obligations of $7 million and $20 million at December 31, 1994 and
1993.

     Net rent expense for premises and equipment was $96 million in
1994, $99 million in 1993, and $91 million in 1992.

     At December 31, 1994, the Company and its subsidiaries were
obligated under various noncancelable lease agreements, certain of which
provide for additional rents based upon real estate taxes, insurance,
and maintenance and for various renewal options.  The minimum rental
commitments under noncancelable operating leases for premises and
equipment having a term of more than one year from December 31, 1994 are
as follows:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Year ending December 31,        In millions        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

           1995                                 $ 68  
           1996                                   60  
           1997                                   49  
           1998                                   35  
           1999                                   25  
           Subsequent to 1999                     95   
                                                ----
           Total Minimum Lease Payments         $332   
                                                ====

<PAGE> 25

     In April 1990, the Company notified Northeast Bancorp., Inc. (NEB)
that NEB had materially breached its obligation under a merger
agreement.  Following denial by the Federal Reserve Board of the
Company's application for approval to acquire NEB and failure by state
regulators to approve the proposed merger prior to the August 15, 1990
termination date, the Company's Board of Directors notified NEB in
September 1990 that it had terminated the merger agreement.

     In May 1990, NEB brought suit against the Company in the United
States Court for the District of Connecticut seeking money damages of
$350 million relating to NEB's allegations that the Company breached its
obligations.  In November 1990, the Company filed a motion for summary
judgment to have the lawsuit dismissed; in June 1991, this motion was
granted as to NEB's Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act and libel
claims and denied as to NEB's other claims.  In March 1993, the
Company's motion for summary judgment on NEB's contract claims was
denied.  In May 1993, as part of the acquisition of NEB's Class A voting
common stock by First Fidelity Bancorporation, NEB's interest in the
suit was transferred to a trust funded with $2 million for the benefit
of former NEB shareholders.  In the opinion of management, the claims
made are without merit.

     In the ordinary course of business, there are various claims
pending against the Company and its subsidiaries.  In the opinion of
management, liabilities arising from such claims, if any, would not have
a material effect upon the Company's consolidated financial statements.


13.  Other Noninterest Income and Expense

     Other noninterest income includes equity in earnings of
unconsolidated subsidiaries of $34 million, $46 million, and $26 million
in 1994, 1993, and 1992.  Other noninterest expense includes deposit
insurance premiums of  $52 million, $57 million, and $50 million in
1994, 1993, and 1992 and amortization of intangibles of $86 million, $81
million, and $78 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992.

<PAGE> 26

14.  Stock Option Plans

The Company has stock option plans (the Plans) which provide for the
issuance of stock options at fair market value at the date of grant to
officers and key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries.  Under
the Company's 1993 Plan, options to acquire common stock may be granted
in amounts that do not exceed, on a cumulative basis, 1% of the
outstanding shares of common stock per year, and, subject to adjustment,
options covering no more than approximately 9.2 million shares in the
aggregate may be granted during the first five years.  Generally, each
option granted under the Plans is exercisable between one and 10 years
from the date of grant.  The following is a summary of activity under
the Plans for the years 1994, 1993, and 1992:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       1994                   1993                  1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Option                 Option                Option
                            Price                  Price                 Price
                  Shares  Per Share      Shares  Per Share     Shares Per Share
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>            <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Outstanding, 
 January 1     6,609,852  $9.38 to    6,089,188  $5.56 to   5,940,276  $5.56 to
                           27.38                  22                    22
                                                   
Granted        1,012,800   26 to      2,054,300   27.38     1,804,660   8.34 to
                           31.88                                        18.88

Exercised       (847,386)  9.38 to   (1,417,608)  5.56 to  (1,497,268)  9.38 to
                           27.38                  22                    22
                         
Canceled         (58,520)  9.38 to     (116,028)  9.38 to    (158,480) 12.79 to
                           27.38                  27.38                 22
               ---------  ---------   ---------  --------   ---------  --------
Outstanding,              $10.71 to              $9.38 to              $5.66 to
 December 31   6,716,746   31.88      6,609,852   27.38     6,089,188   22
               =========  =========   =========  ========   =========  ========
Exercisable,              $10.71 to              $9.38 to              $5.56 to
 December 31   4,959,134   27.38      3,863,358   22        3,652,992   22
               =========  =========   =========  ========   =========  ========
Available for 
 Grant,
 December 31   4,346,130              5,607,850                None
               =========              =========

</TABLE>

<PAGE> 27

15.  Foreign Operations

The Company's foreign activities consist of banking, trust, and
processing  services provided to customers domiciled outside of the
United States, principally in Europe and Asia.  The following financial
information concerning such activities reflects direct attributions and
charges for funds employed, based upon average costs of interest-bearing
funds:


                                   1994
                   --------------------------------------
                              Income
                              Before
                     Total    Income       Net      Total
                   Revenue     Taxes    Income     Assets
                   -------    ------    ------    -------
Europe              $  124    $    6      $  3    $ 1,939
Asia                   211        94        53      2,179
Other Foreign          181         9         5      2,785
Domestic             3,735     1,089       688     41,976
                    ------    ------      ----    -------
  Total             $4,251    $1,198      $749    $48,879
                    ======    ======      ====    =======

                                   1993
                   --------------------------------------
                              Income
                              Before
                     Total    Income       Net      Total
                   Revenue     Taxes    Income     Assets
                   -------    ------    ------    -------
Europe              $  138      $ 18      $ 10    $ 1,375
Asia                   201        78        44      2,079
Other Foreign          190         9         5      2,355
Domestic             3,293       781       500     39,737
                    ------      ----      ----    -------
  Total             $3,822      $886      $559    $45,546
                    ======      ====      ====    =======

                                    1992
                   --------------------------------------
                              Income
                              Before
                     Total    Income       Net      Total
                   Revenue     Taxes    Income     Assets
                   -------    ------    ------    -------
Europe              $  208      $ 48      $ 28    $ 1,329
Asia                   187        52        30      2,071
Other Foreign          212        42        24      2,382
Domestic             3,263       446       311     39,428
                    ------      ----      ----    -------
  Total             $3,870      $588      $393    $45,210
                    ======      ====      ====    =======

    Foreign exchange activities arise from servicing customers' needs
for foreign exchange, and from managing the Company's foreign currency
positions.  Net gains resulting from foreign exchange transactions were
$27 million, $54 million, and $66 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992, and
are included in other noninterest income.

<PAGE> 28

Independent Auditors' Report                       Deloitte & Touche LLP


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
The Bank of New York Company, Inc.
New York, New York

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Bank
of New York Company, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of
December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of
income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits.  The 1992 consolidated financial statements give
retroactive effect to the merger of the Company and National Community
Banks, Inc., which has been accounted for as a pooling of interests as
described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.  We did
not audit the consolidated statements of income, changes in
shareholders' equity, and cash flows of National Community Banks, Inc.
for the year ended December 31, 1992, which statements reflect net
income of $23,785,000 for the year ended December 31, 1992.  Those
statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been
furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts
included for National Community Banks, Inc. for 1992, is based solely on
the report of such other auditors.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other
auditors, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The
Bank of New York Company, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994
and 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994 in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, on
January 1, 1994 the Company changed its method of accounting for certain
investments in debt and equity securities to conform with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 115.

\s\  Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York
February 24, 1995 

<PAGE> 29

Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Company's Financial
Condition and Results of Operations

------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
SUMMARY OF RESULTS

For the year 1994, The Bank of New York Company, Inc. (the Company)
reported record net income of $749 million or a record $3.70 per fully
diluted share, compared with $559 million or $2.72 per fully diluted
share in 1993 and $393 million or $2.00 per fully diluted share in 1992.
     Net interest income reached record levels as the net interest
spread increased to 3.30% and the net yield on interest earning assets
was 4.11%.  These increases reflect a continued shift in the asset mix
toward higher yielding assets, including strong growth in credit cards. 
A reduction in nonperforming assets also contributed to the increase in
net interest income.  Revenues from the Company's securities and other
processing businesses remained strong.  A lower provision for loan
losses and continued control of operating expenses contributed to higher
earnings.
     The Company increased its quarterly stock dividend to 32 cents per
share, a 42% increase.  The Company also declared a 2-for-1 common stock
split.  In addition, the Company repurchased 3.7 million shares of
common stock.  The Company retained $512 million of earnings and issued
$300 million of subordinated debt.  Two issues of preferred stock were
redeemed in 1994, reducing preferred stock by $156 million and retained
earnings by $17 million.
     In 1994, returns on average common equity and on average assets
established all-time highs.  Return on average common equity was 18.49%
in 1994 compared with 14.98% in 1993 and 12.00% in 1992, while return on
average assets for 1994 was 1.49% compared with 1.20% in 1993 and .85%
in 1992.
     Nonperforming assets declined by $286 million, or 45%, to $353
million in 1994.  December 31, 1994 marked the fourteenth consecutive
quarter that nonperforming assets declined.
     The Tier I and total capital ratios for the Company at December 31,
1994 were 8.45% and 13.43% compared with 8.87% and 13.65% last year and
7.59% and 12.30% in 1992.  Tangible common equity as a percent of total
assets was 7.39% at December 31, 1994 compared with 7.00% one year ago
and 5.83% in 1992. 
     In 1993, spreads widened reflecting a continuing shift in asset mix
toward higher yielding assets and a lower level of nonperforming assets. 
Fee income was strong, especially from credit cards and securities and
other processing.  A lower provision for loan losses, continued control
of operating expenses, and the acquisition of 62 branches of Barclays
Bank of New York, N.A. (Barclays) on December 11, 1992, also helped to
increase earnings.  Earnings at the National Community Division (BNYNA)
increased significantly in 1993.
     During 1993, the Company strengthened its capital position.  The
Company retained $383 million of earnings and issued $550 million of
subordinated debt while $655 million of long-term debt matured or was
redeemed and $75 million of preferred stock was redeemed.  In addition,
$58 million of preferred stock was converted into $46 million of common
stock.  
     In 1992, noninterest income from personal trust, funds transfer,
trade finance, securities lending, mutual fund custody, stock transfer,
government securities clearance, and corporate trust grew significantly. 
Net interest income increased, reflecting increases in the net interest
rate spread and the net yield on interest-earning assets.  Strict
control of operating expenses resulted in a modest increase in
compensation expense and declines in furniture and fixture and occupancy
expense.  The provision for loan losses was significantly lower in 1992
compared with 1991.  
     In 1992, the Company sold 18.4 million shares of common stock for
$339 million, $600 million of subordinated debt, and $143 million of
preferred stock.  It redeemed $100 million of subordinated debt and $100
million of preferred stock. 

<PAGE> 30

NET INTEREST INCOME

Dollars in millions                           1994          1993         1992
                                              ----          ----         ----
Net Interest Income on a Taxable
 Equivalent Basis                           $1,763        $1,550       $1,434
Net Interest Rate Spread                      3.30%         3.12%        2.91%
Net Yield on Interest-Earning Assets          4.11%         3.84%        3.61%

     On a taxable equivalent basis, net interest income increased 14% in
1994.  Credit card growth, the large decline in nonperforming loans, and
wider interest rate spreads contributed to this growth during 1994. 
Average loans grew to $32.0 billion in 1994 from $30.4 billion in 1993. 
Managed credit card outstandings were up by 24% to $7.7 billion at
December 31, 1994 and the number of card accounts increased by 25% from
one year ago to 6.0 million.  Large corporate lending in the U.S. also
showed strong growth.  The net interest rate spread and net yield on
interest-earning assets increased by 6% and 7% in 1994.  The spread and
yield benefitted from the return of most of the Company's credit card
securitization to its balance sheet.  The increase in the yield also
reflects an increase in the volume of interest-free sources of funds by
$281 million (a portion attributable to compensating balances in lieu of
servicing fees), and higher returns on these funds in a rising interest
rate environment.
     Net interest income increased 8%, the spread by 7%, and the yield
by 6% in 1993.  Contributing to these increases were a $0.7 billion rise
in the level of average interest-earning assets, the Company being
liability sensitive in a declining rate environment, and the large
decline in nonperforming loans.  The increase in yield also reflects a
higher volume of interest-free sources of funds, partially offset by
lower returns on these funds in a low interest rate environment.  
     Average earning assets increased to $40.4 billion in 1993 from
$39.7 billion in 1992, primarily resulting from a $0.8 billion increase
in federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements. 
Although average loans did not grow ($30.4 billion in 1993) the mix
improved, contributing to the growth in spread and yield.  Special
strength was noted in wholesale mortgage lending, securities industries
banking, factoring, and credit card lending, which increased $1.1
billion.  
     The credit card securitizations reduced net interest income by $87
million in 1994, $162 million in 1993, and $164 million in 1992.   
     Interest income would have been increased by $17 million, $27
million, and $89 million if loans on nonaccrual status at December 31,
1994, 1993, and 1992 had been performing for the entire year.  

<PAGE> 31

NONINTEREST INCOME

Noninterest income is provided by a wide range of fiduciary and
processing services, other fee-based services, and trading activities. 
These revenues were $1,289 million in 1994, compared with $1,319 million
in 1993 and $1,183 million in 1992.    
     Securities processing fees were $359 million, $309 million, and
$275 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992.  Other processing fees,
principally funds transfer, deposit services, and trade finance, were
$171 million in 1994, $162 million in 1993, and $148 million in 1992. 
Trust and investment fees were $126 million in 1994, $134 million in
1993, and $121 million in 1992.  Service charges and fees, excluding
those associated with the credit card securitization, were $427 million
in 1994, compared with $390 million in 1993 and $367 million in 1992. 
For further discussion of fee revenue see Sector Profitability.
     The credit card securitizations increased noninterest income by $38
million in 1994, $64 million in 1993, and $70 million in 1992.  Most of
the decrease in the noninterest income from securitizations in 1994
compared with 1993 was due to maturities.  
     Securities gains totaled $15 million, $64 million, and $42 million
in 1994, 1993, and 1992, including gains on equity securities of $28
million in 1993 and $1 million in 1992.  There were no net equity
securities gains recorded in 1994.  The 1992 results include a $31
million writedown of the Company's investment in Northeast Bancorp, Inc.
     Other noninterest income was $153 million in 1994, $196 million in
1993, and $160 million in 1992.  Profits from foreign exchange and other
trading activities were $44 million, $79 million, and $94 million in
1994, 1993, and 1992.  Other noninterest income for 1994 and 1993
included pre-tax gains of $22 million and $24 million related to the
sale of portions of the Company's interest in Wing Hang Bank, Ltd.


NONINTEREST EXPENSE AND INCOME TAXES

Expenses remained under good control in 1994.    Total noninterest
expense was  $1,646 million in 1994, unchanged from 1993.  Noninterest
expense was $1,519 million in 1992.
     Net occupancy and furniture and fixture expenses fell by a combined
$7 million, or 3%, to $266 million.  Salary expense increased by 4% in
1994, and profit sharing and incentive compensation also increased. 
Medical insurance expense was $59 million in 1994, a decline of 5% from
$62 million in 1993.
     Total noninterest expense increased 8% in 1993 compared with 1992. 
Furniture and equipment expense declined by 2% to $95 million for the
year. Other real estate expense declined substantially.  Salaries
increased 10% in 1993 to $601 million from $546 million in 1992, and
profit sharing increased to $58 million from $38 million.  Other
employee benefits - primarily incentive compensation and health care
expenses - were up 19% to $154 million from $129 million in 1992. 
Occupancy expense increased by 6% to $178 million.  
     Deposit insurance premiums were $52 million in 1994 compared with
$57 million and $50 million in 1993 and 1992.  The FDIC has proposed a
substantial reduction in the assessment rate for deposit insurance
premiums.
     Other real estate charges were $11  million, $53 million, and $106
million in 1994, 1993, and 1992.  Operating expenses related to other
real estate owned were approximately $4 million in 1994, compared with
$8 million in 1993 and $25 million in 1992.
     The Company's consolidated effective tax rates for 1994, 1993, and
1992 were 37.5%, 36.9%, and 33.2%.  The 1994 rate reflects the reduced
impact of tax-exempt income and state and local income taxes, offset by
lower  taxes on foreign operations and the effect of nondeductible
expenses to total income.  In 1993, the federal tax rate increased from
34% to 35%, tax-exempt income had less of an effect, and foreign tax
credits were lower.  These increases were partially offset by the impact
of state and local income taxes and nondeductible expenses.  

<PAGE> 32

LIQUIDITY

The Company maintains its liquidity through the management of its assets
and liabilities, utilizing worldwide financial markets.  The
diversification of liabilities reflects the flexibility of the Company's
funding sources under changing market conditions.  Stable core deposits,
including demand and retail time, are generated through the Company's
diversified network and managed with the use of trend studies and
deposit pricing.  The use of derivative products such as interest rate
swaps and financial futures enhances liquidity through the issue of
long-term liabilities without exposure to interest rate risk.  Liquidity
also results from the maintenance of a portfolio of assets which can be
easily reduced and the monitoring of unfunded loan commitments, thereby
reducing unanticipated funding requirements.
     Average savings and noninterest-bearing deposits decreased by $0.3
billion during 1994.  Medium-term notes grew by $1.4  billion and
foreign deposits increased by $2.1 billion.  More volatile sources of
interest-bearing deposits and borrowings decreased by $0.5 billion. 
     In 1994, the Company's average commercial paper borrowings were
$361 million compared with $93 million in 1993.  The Company has backup
lines of credit at financial institutions supporting these borrowings.
     The following comments relate to the information disclosed in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
     Cash flows from earnings and other operating activities were 2.5
billion in 1994, compared with $0.7 billion in 1993 and 1992.  The 1994
increase reflects a decline in trading assets. 
     The 1994 and 1993 cash flows used by investing activities were $5.4
billion and $1.0 billion, reflecting additions to loans and securities. 
In 1992, investing activities were the source of $3.6 billion of cash
flow, reflecting a decrease in federal funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements and a reduction of loans.  Cash
provided by financing activities was $1.3 billion in 1994 as the Company
used deposits and other borrowings to finance its investing activities. 
Cash used by financing activities was $0.7 billion and $1.1 billion in
1993 and 1992 as the Company reduced its deposit borrowings.
     Restrictions on the ability of the Company to obtain funds from its
subsidiaries are discussed in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

CAPITAL RESOURCES
                                                 December 31,
Capital Ratios                            1994                  1993
--------------                            ----                  ----
Common Equity                             8.55%                 8.29%
Tangible Common Equity                    7.39                  7.00
Tier I Capital                            8.45                  8.87
Total Capital                            13.43                 13.65
Leverage                                  7.89                  7.99


     The Company's common equity ratio is one of the highest among money
center banks.  The Company's banks' capital ratios exceed "well
capitalized," the highest of five regulatory capital categories.
     Shareholders' equity was $4,296 million at December 31, 1994,
compared with $4,072 million at December 31, 1993 and $3,730 million at
December 31, 1992.  The increase in common shareholders equity in 1994
is primarily attributable to growth in retained earnings of $512 million
offset by the repurchase of $112 million of common stock.
     The change in shareholders' equity in 1993 is primarily
attributable to growth in retained earnings of $383 million offset in
part by the redemption of $75 million of stock.
     The Company can issue up to $450 million of debt and preferred
stock (including convertible preferred stock) pursuant to a shelf
registration statement.

<PAGE> 33

CREDIT CARD SECURITIZATION

Credit card receivables sold in the form of a security is a technique
for financing the Company's credit card operations.  For accounting
purposes, the underlying assets and liabilities are removed from the
balance sheet, and amounts otherwise reported in the income statement as
net interest income, fees, and provision for loan losses are reflected
in noninterest income.
     The Company securitized $1,350 million of credit card receivables
in 1991; $200 million were outstanding at December 31, 1994 and are
scheduled to mature in 1995.  The impact of the securitizations on the
Company's financial statements, assuming the funds received from the
securitizations were used to replace short-term borrowings, is
summarized below:

In millions                              1994        1993       1992
                                         ----        ----       ----
Lower Net Interest Income                $87         $162       $164
Lower Provision for Loan Losses           32           56         57
Higher Noninterest Income                 38           64         70

PROVISION AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES

In 1994, the Company continued to experience significant improvement in
asset quality as nonperforming loans dropped sharply.  As a result the
provision for loan losses was $162 million in 1994, compared with $284
million in 1993 and $443 million in 1992.  Net charge-offs were $354
million in 1994, $387 million in 1993, and $511 million in 1992.  In
these years net charge-offs were primarily attributable to real estate,
other commercial, and consumer loans.  The total allowance for loan
losses was $792 million and $970 million at year-end 1994 and 1993.  The
decrease in the allowance for loan losses ($178 million in 1994 and $102
million in 1993) resulted primarily from net charge-offs exceeding the
provision for loan losses and the sharp decline in the level of
nonaccrual loans.  Maturities in the Company's credit card
securitization program enabled it to transfer $14 million in 1994 and $1
million in 1993 of its recourse obligation from other liabilities to the
allowance.  The ratio of the total allowance for loan losses to year-end
loans was 2.40% and 3.17% at December 31, 1994 and 1993.  The allowance
for loan losses was 224% of total nonperforming assets at December 31,
1994, compared with 152% at December 31, 1993.

<PAGE> 34

LOANS

The following table shows the Company's loan distribution at the end of
each of the last five years:
                                     1994     1993     1992     1991     1990
In millions                          ----     ----     ----     ----     ----

Domestic
  Commercial and Industrial Loans* $11,149  $ 9,781  $10,495  $12,398  $12,896
  Consumer Loans                     8,265    6,028    5,229    4,315    6,080
  Real Estate Loans
    Construction and Land
     Development                       125      160      188      322      665
    Other, Principally Commercial
     Mortgages                       2,743    2,626    2,822    2,340    2,456
    Collateralized by Residential
     Properties                      3,036    3,203    3,423    2,820    3,633
  Banks and Other Financial
   Institutions**                    1,289    1,893    1,521       35       35
  Loans for Purchasing or Carrying
   Securities                        2,339    2,275    1,098    1,417    1,079
  Lease Financings                   1,308    1,038    1,033    1,063    1,026
  Other**                               49       65      126    1,222    1,784
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
      Total Domestic                30,303   27,069   25,935   25,932   29,654
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
Foreign
  Commercial and Industrial Loans    1,605    1,775    1,928    2,773    3,130
  Banks and Other Financial
   Institutions                        672      810      997    1,122    1,428
  Government and Official
   Institutions***                     212      565      535      546      584
  Other                              1,161    1,188      947      795    1,817
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
      Total Foreign                  3,650    4,338    4,407    5,236    6,959
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
      Total Loans                   33,953   31,407   30,342   31,168   36,613
Less: Unearned Income                  870      837      845      833      837
      Allowance for Loan Losses        792      970    1,072    1,084    1,111
                                   -------  -------  -------  -------  -------
       Net Loans                   $32,291  $29,600  $28,425  $29,251  $34,665
                                   =======  =======  =======  =======  =======

  * The commercial and industrial loan portfolio does not contain any
    industry concentration which exceeds 10% of loans.

 ** Prior to 1992, certain loans to the securities and mortgage banking
    industries were classified as other loans.

*** During 1994, $292 million of loans were reclassified to securities. 

    At year-end 1994, highly leveraged transaction (HLT) loans
outstanding were $1,250 million and commitments were $480 million
compared with $1,314 million and $349 million at year-end 1993.  At
December 31, 1994, borrowers in the communication industry represented
50% of the HLT portfolio.  In 1994, net charge-offs of HLTs were $33
million compared with $22 million in 1993 and $94 million in 1992.

<PAGE> 35

NONPERFORMING ASSETS

The following table shows the distribution of nonperforming assets at
December  31, 1994 and 1993:

Dollars in millions                     1994        1993       Change
                                     ----------------------------------
Category of Loans:
HLT                                     $ 24        $ 52        (54)%
Commercial Real Estate                    63          72        (13)
Other Commercial                          50         130        (62)
Foreign                                   32          34         (6)
LDC                                       45          96        (53)
Community Banking                         83         156        (47)
                                        ----        ---- 
    Total Nonperforming Loans            297         540        (45)
Other Real Estate                         56          99        (43)
                                        ----        ----
    Total Nonperforming Assets          $353        $639        (45)
                                        ====        ====
Nonperforming Asset Ratio                1.1%        2.1%
Allowance/Nonperforming Loans          266.7       179.6
Allowance/Nonperforming Assets         224.4       151.8


     Nonperforming assets declined for the fourteenth consecutive
quarter to $353 million at December 31, 1994.
     The decrease in nonperforming assets during 1994 is attributable to
charge-offs and writedowns of $149 million and paydowns, sales, and
returns to accrual status of $299 million.  The decrease was partially
offset by $162 million of loans placed on nonperforming status.    


FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The fair value of the Company's financial instruments are disclosed in
Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The fair values, if
realized, would improve the Company's capital resources and results of
operations because the excess of fair value over the carrying amount for
its assets is greater than the corresponding excess for liabilities. 
The fair values would not affect liquidity.
     In 1994, rising interest rates reduced unrecognized fair value
gains in the securities portfolios compared to 1993.  Higher values
attributable to consumer loans more than offset the declines in value
associated with credit-impaired commercial loans in both 1994 and 1993. 
The increase in fair value of long-term debt primarily reflects the
influence of the Company's stock price on the fair value of its
convertible subordinated debentures.

<PAGE> 36

TRADING AND OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS

The Company's significant trading and off-balance-sheet risks are
securities, foreign currency and interest rate risk management products, 
 commercial lending commitments, letters of credit, and securities
lending indemnifications.  The Company assumes these risks to trade for
its own account, to reduce its own interest rate and foreign currency
risks, and to enable its customers to meet their credit and liquidity
needs and hedge their foreign currency and interest rate risks.  These
items involve, to varying degrees, credit, foreign exchange, and
interest rate risk not recognized in the balance sheet.  The Company's
off-balance-sheet risks are managed and monitored in manners similar to
those used for on-balance-sheet risks.  There are no significant
industry concentrations of such risks.  The Company manages trading risk
through a system of position limits and an earnings at risk methodology. 
Position limits restrict by instrument and currency the size of
positions the Company can take.  Earnings at risk is designed to measure
with 95% certainty the Company's exposure to change in earnings
resulting from price fluctuations in the Company's trading portfolio
over a 24-hour period.  At December 31, 1994 the trading portfolio's
earnings at risk were $2 million.  
     The Company's exposure to credit loss for lending commitments,
letters of credit, and securities lending indemnification is represented
by the contractual amount of those transactions.  Since many of the
commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total
amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  In
securities lending transactions, the Company requires the borrower to
provide collateral, thus reducing the credit risk.
     The notional amounts for other off-balance-sheet risks express the
dollar volume of the transactions; however, the credit risk is much
smaller.  The Company performs credit reviews and enters into netting
agreements to minimize the credit risk of foreign currency and interest
rate risk management products.  Exposure to foreign exchange and
interest rate risk is reduced by entering into offsetting positions.
     The amounts associated with off-balance-sheet risks are disclosed
in Notes 10 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

SECTOR PROFITABILITY

The Company has an internal information system used for management
purposes that produces sector performance data for Trust, and Securities
and Other Processing, Retail Banking, Corporate Banking, and Other
sectors.  A set of measurement principles has been developed to help
ensure that reported results of the sectors track their economic
performance.  Sector results are subject to restatement whenever
improvements are made in the measurement principles or organizational
changes are made.
     Net interest income is computed on a taxable equivalent basis. 
Support and other indirect expenses are allocated to sectors based on
general guidelines.  The provision for loan losses is based on net
charge-offs incurred by each sector.  Assets and liabilities are match
funded.
     The Trust, and Securities and Other Processing Sector provides a
broad array of fee based services.  Trust includes personal trust,
personal asset management and institutional investment.  Securities
processing includes American depositary receipts, corporate trust,
securities lending, government securities clearance, mutual fund
custody, unit investment trust, stock transfer, and institutional
custody.  Trade finance, funds transfer, and deposit services are
included in other processing.
     Retail banking includes credit card financing, consumer lending,
custom banking, and residential mortgage lending.
     The Corporate Banking Sector is divided into special industries
banking, U.S. commercial banking, middle market banking, international
banking,  and factoring.
     Other includes trading and investing activities, treasury services
to other sectors, general administration, and the difference between the
recorded provision for loan losses and that allocated to sectors.
     
<PAGE> 37     

     The sectors contributed to the Company's profitability as follows: 


              Trust, and
              Securities
               And Other       Retail  Corporate
              Processing      Banking    Banking       Other          Total
              -------------------------------------------------------------
In millions    1994 1993   1994  1993  1994 1993  1994  1993    1994   1993
               ---- ----  -----  ----  ---- ----  ----  ----  ------ ------
Net Interest
  Income on a
  Taxable
  Equivalent
  Basis        $129 $108  $1,034 $831  $482 $466  $118  $145  $1,763 $1,550 

Provision
  for Loan
  Losses          -    -     203  184   151  203  (192) (103)    162    284
 
Noninterest
  Income        754  703     220  242   250  248    65   126   1,289  1,319

Noninterest
  Expense       582  539     702  709   223  250   139   148   1,646  1,646
              -------------------------------------------------------------
Income
  before
  Taxes        $301 $272  $  349 $180  $358 $261  $236  $226  $1,244 $  939
              =============================================================


     In the Trust, and Securities and Other Processing Sector, American
depositary receipts and corporate trust showed exceptional growth.  Other
areas of strength included mutual fund custody and government securities
clearance.  In other processing, trade finance increased by 15% over 1993. 
Overall volume and total revenue in funds transfer were up 20% and 18% from
1993.  However, service fees in the funds transfer and deposit services
area were lower due to customers' increasing use of compensating balances
in a rising interest rate environment.  Trust and investment management
reported lower revenue due primarily to lower market valuations of assets
under management.

     The increase in the Retail Sector principally reflects strong growth
in the Company's credit card business.  This growth was reflected both in
net interest income, which increased due to increased outstandings, and in
noninterest income, which increased due to greater interchange revenue. 
Maturities in the sector's credit card securitization program shifted
revenue from noninterest income to net interest income.

     The increase in net interest income in the Corporate Banking Sector is
attributable to higher yields as well as a decline in nonperforming assets. 
The sector also benefitted from a reduction in the provision for loan
losses.  In addition, increased earnings in the Company's factoring
business contributed to the sector's results.  The decrease in noninterest
expense is partially attributable to a reduction in other real estate
expense.

     The increase in the other sector reflects a credit for the difference
between the recorded provision for loan losses and that allocated to the
sectors.  The other sector had a decline in revenue from trading and
investing activities.

<PAGE> 38

<TABLE>
QUARTERLY DATA                               UNAUDITED

<CAPTION>
                                 1994                           1993      
                      ---------------------------  ---------------------------
Dollars in millions,  Fourth  Third Second  First  Fourth  Third Second  First
 except per share
 amounts

<S>                    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
Interest Income        $ 853  $ 783  $ 698  $ 626   $ 627  $ 628  $ 625  $ 625

Interest Expense         378    335    289    243     246    252    250    259
                       -----  -----  -----  -----   -----  -----  -----  -----
Net Interest Income      475    448    409    383     381    376    375    366
                       -----  -----  -----  -----   -----  -----  -----  -----
Provision for Loan
  Losses                  39     39     39     45      50     55     86     93

Noninterest Income       298    321    321    350     307    335    347    330

Noninterest Expense      413    420    410    403     409    405    441    391
                       -----  -----  -----  -----   -----  -----  -----  -----
Income Before
  Income Taxes           321    310    281    285     229    251    195    212 

Income Taxes             120    116    105    107      72    100     77     78
                       -----  -----  -----  -----   -----  -----  -----  -----
Net Income             $ 201  $ 194  $ 176  $ 178   $ 157  $ 151  $ 118  $ 134
                       =====  =====  =====  =====   =====  =====  =====  =====
Net Income       
  Available to
  Common Shareholders  $ 198  $ 191  $ 173  $ 174   $ 151  $ 145  $ 111  $ 127
                       =====  =====  =====  =====   =====  =====  =====  =====
Per Common Share Data:   
  Primary Earnings     $1.06  $1.01  $0.92  $0.93   $0.81  $0.78  $0.60  $0.69

  Fully Diluted
   Earnings             1.00   0.96   0.87   0.87    0.77   0.74   0.57   0.65

  Cash Dividends        0.32   0.275  0.275  0.225   0.25   0.225  0.19   0.19

  Stock Price
    High               31.87  32.62  32.00  29.69   29.12  30.06  30.87  30.12

    Low                26.75  28.62  25.06  25.50   26.37  26.12  25.87  26.00
Ratios:
  Return on Average
    Common
    Shareholders'
    Equity             19.03% 18.68% 17.67% 18.55%  16.16% 15.95% 12.65% 15.06%

  Return on Average
   Assets               1.55   1.49   1.42   1.50    1.32   1.28   1.03   1.17

</TABLE>


<PAGE> 39          

                            Business Review
          
          The Bank of New York Company, Inc. - Core Businesses

Securities and Other Processing

Services and Products
*    American Depositary Receipts
*    Corporate Trust
*    Stock Transfer
*    Master Trust/Master Custody 
*    Mutual Funds Custody
*    Institutional Custody
*    Securities Lending
*    Unit Investment Trust
*    Government Securities Clearance
*    Funds Transfer
*    Trade Finance  
*    Cash Management

Significant Accomplishments
*    Corporate trust acquisitions added 2,200 new trust appointments
*    Established first Korean depositary receipt program
*    Workstation custody product software received 1994 Microsoft
     (registered trademark) award for financial innovation

Statistical Information
*    Leader in ADR business with 54% of the public sponsored market
*    Second-largest provider of Mutual Funds Custody
*    Over $1.6 trillion in assets under custody
*    Over $200 billion daily funds transfer volume
*    Among top five domestic issuers of letters of credit

<PAGE> 40

Credit Cards

Services and Products
*    Consumers Edge (registered trademark)
*    Union Privilege MasterCard (registered trademark)
*    Affinity Cards
*    MasterCard (registered trademark)
*    VISA (registered trademark)

Significant Accomplishments
*    Added 1.2 million new cardholders
*    Outstandings grew 24%
*    Introduced The Bank of New York MasterCard (registered trademark)
     Business Card for small businesses

Statistical Information
*    Among top ten bank issuers of credit cards
*    Leader in the low rate/no annual fee market segment
*    Largest single affinity card program in the country
*    Over $7.7 billion in managed outstandings
     
Corporate Banking

Services and Products
*    Special Industries Banking
*    U.S. Commercial Banking
*    International Banking
*    Syndications and loan sales

<PAGE> 41

*    Factoring
*    Commercial Finance
*    Leasing

Significant Accomplishments
*    Acted as agent or co-agent in 187 broadly syndicated loan transactions
*    Reduced nonperforming loans by over $200 million or 44%
*    Opened representative offices in Moscow and Shanghai 

Statistical Information
*    Largest lender and arranger of bank loans to the Media and
     Communications industries
*    Domestic factored volume reached $12 billion
*    Ranked fourth among the top 20 arrangers of bank loans to the Utility
     industry

Retail Banking

Services and Products
*    Deposit, lending and cash management services for individuals,
     professionals, small businesses, municipalities and middle market
     companies
*    Trade finance for small and mid-size companies
*    Residential and multifamily mortgages
*    Individual investment products

Significant Accomplishments
*    Opened 55 Personal Investment Centers throughout the branch network

<PAGE> 42

*    Introduced Group Banking product with special banking services for
     employees of small businesses and middle market companies

Statistical Information
*    Largest suburban New York City branch network
*    Total number of branches:  379
     New York - 274 branches in 11 counties 
     New Jersey - 105 branches in 13 counties
*    Over 1 million individual, small business, municipal and middle market
     customers

Trust, Investment Management and Private Banking

Services and Products
*    Financial planning
*    Investment management 
*    Tax-exempt bond management
*    BNY Hamilton Funds
*    Trusts and estate settlement
*    Income tax preparation
*    Real estate management
*    Domestic and international private banking

Significant Accomplishments
*    Launched integrated customer information management system  
*    Introduced PortfolioLink, a new line of credit linked to custody and
     investment management accounts
*    Introduced Small Cap Index Fund

<PAGE> 43

Statistical Information
*    Institutional assets under management of $14 billion
*    Personal assets under management of $12 billion
*    Over $11 billion in custodized assets under administration

Financial Market Services

Services and Products
*    Foreign exchange trading
*    Interest rate and currency risk management products
*    Municipal Securities broker/dealer and underwriter

Significant Accomplishments
*    Conservative interest rate hedging strategy reduced the impact of rising
     interest rates on net margins
*    Volume of foreign exchange transactions executed on behalf of Securities
     and Other Processing customers increased 40%

Statistical Information
*    Market maker in world's major trading currencies
*    Full-service broker/dealer and underwriter of general obligation 
     tax-exempt securities, principally in the New York tri-state area
*    24-hour trading capability through our offices in New York, London,
     Tokyo, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Seoul and Taipei

<PAGE> 44

Securities and Other Processing

The Bank of New York offers a more complete range of processing and operating
services than any other bank.  Our long-standing commitment to this business,
coupled with superior technological resources, enables us to fulfill virtually
any client's needs.

Securities-related products serve both the institutional issuer and investor. 
We are a market leader in American and global depositary receipts, securities
lending and government securities clearance.  We hold the number two market
position in mutual funds custody and in servicing unit investment trusts.  We
rank among the top five providers in corporate trust, stock transfer, master
trust/master custody and institutional custody.

In other processing, we are a leader in funds transfer, processing over 50,000
transactions each day, and rank among the top providers of cash management,
letters of credit and trade finance services to corporate and institutional
customers worldwide.

We have consistently invested in the technology necessary to improve our
processing efficiency and accommodate incremental volume.  As an example, we
designed a personal computer-based information delivery system called
Workstation, which allows our processing customers to access a range of
securities related data captured by us from their own office.  Software we
have developed has allowed us to adapt this technology for use in virtually
all of our securities processing businesses.

Our Securities and Other Processing businesses are comprised of the following:
     
<PAGE> 45     
     
American Depositary Receipts - Allow foreign companies to offer their dollar 
denominated securities to investors in the United States.  During 1994, The 
Bank of New York continued its leadership role in this market, acting as 
depositary for over 56% of all new public sponsored programs, including the 
establishment of 105 new public sponsored depositary receipt programs from 34 
countries.  In total, The Bank of New York acts as depositary for more public 
sponsored depositary receipt programs than all of our competitors combined.

Securities Lending - Our global programs are designed for customers whose 
assets are held in custody or are otherwise available for lending.  This 
process provides for increasing the yield on customer portfolios by lending 
their U.S. and non-U.S. dollar denominated securities.  Overseas we saw 
significant growth in London and expanded our operations to include a presence 
in Hong Kong.

Government Securities Clearance - We are the market leader in government
securities clearance and the administration of tri-party repurchase
agreements.  Revenues from this business were up 25% from 1993 principally
from the addition of 17 new relationships and the significant growth in
domestic and global tri-party business.  Our focus on marketing to bank
securities affiliates (Section 20s) has resulted in our being the leading
provider to this important growth market.

Mutual Funds Custody - The Bank of New York is the second-largest provider of
mutual funds custody with approximately $300 billion in assets under
administration, and we continue to expand our presence as a leading provider
of worldwide custody and accounting services.  We provide securities
safekeeping, payment of dividends and portfolio valuation.  During 1994 our
product offerings

<PAGE> 46

were expanded to include full fund administration and trustee/custody
services for non-U.S. portfolios.  These services are being offered from a
new Bank subsidiary located in Dublin, Ireland.

Unit Investment Trust - We provide trustee and custody services for over 3,900
trusts with an approximate aggregate market value of $22 billion. The rising
interest rate environment in 1994 benefited this business due to reduced calls
of municipal bonds in existing portfolios.

Corporate Trust - The Bank of New York is one of the top three providers of
corporate trust services in the United States, with more than 20,000 issues
representing over $300 billion in outstanding securities under administration. 
We offer a complete product line that can be customized to meet issuers'
requirements for all types of fixed-income securities.  Our commitment to this
business was underscored by the acquisition of four new corporate trust books
of business during 1994.

Stock Transfer - We provide comprehensive record keeping and dividend
disbursement services for 380 public companies with over 7.5 million
shareholders.  During 1994, we introduced our Workstation product to our stock
transfer customers.  Designed specifically for the Corporate Secretary's
office, Workstation provides on-line access to vital shareholder data.

Master Trust/Master Custody - The Bank provides custody and accounting services
to corporate pension funds, foundations, endowments and organizations having
special compliance or tax reporting requirements.  We are the leader in the
fast growing public funds market segment, and have also expanded our share of
corporate retirement funds.  Fees generated by this business were up

<PAGE> 47

significantly in 1994, principally from the establishment of new relationships
in both segments of the market.

Cash Management - The Bank offers a full range of cash management services to
corporate and institutional customers worldwide.  Our strategy is to focus on
meeting the individual needs of our corporate banking clients.  These markets
include the communications and securities industries, mortgage banking, mutual
funds and middle market companies.

Funds Transfer - We clear an average of over $200 billion each day for
domestic and foreign financial institutions.  We have established a network of
2,200 correspondent banking relationships in 132 countries.  This global
partnership enhances the accuracy and efficiency of the daily U.S. dollar
denominated funds transfer activities throughout this network.  Our continued
investment in technology has allowed us to increase processing proficiency and
support significant incremental transaction volume.  The result has been
improved profitability and a 30% gain in market share over the last two years.

Trade Finance - The Bank provides a broad range of trade finance services,
such as letters of credit, to domestic and multinational companies of all
sizes.  Our global network of correspondent banks enables us to expedite
customers' imports and exports around the world, particularly in Asia, Latin
America and the Middle East.  A significant element of our trade strategy is
to focus on U.S. retailers, where we have a strong domestic corporate
presence.  These customers represent a major share of our domestic import
letter of credit activity.

<PAGE> 48

Highlights
*    The Bank of New York was appointed depositary for the largest
     privatization in 1994:  Denmark's Tele-Danmark, $1.2 billion offering.

*    We established the first New York Stock Exchange listed depositary
     receipt programs from Colombia, Korea, Indonesia, Russia and the first
     144A depositary receipt program from Peru.

*    Our Asian branches advised and issued nearly 100,000 letters of credit
     with a combined face amount of over $9 billion.  This exceeded our 1993
     volume by over 40%.

*    Revenues from our Mutual Funds Custody Division grew 20% in 1994,
     principally from the addition of 123 new portfolios during the year.

*    Through our highly automated systems and direct links to the Federal
     Reserve network, we clear a daily average of $400 billion in U.S.
     Government and Agencies securities.

*    We have been selected by the Russian Commission on Securities and Stock
     Markets to lead the development of the first western-style independent
     share registration service in Russia.  This service will be available in
     the second quarter of 1995.

<PAGE> 49

Credit Cards

The Bank of New York (Delaware) is the ninth-largest commercial bank issuer of
credit cards in the United States.  It continues to be a leading provider of
low rate, no annual fee credit cards.

Consumers Edge is a no annual fee card with no grace period that appeals to
customers who maintain outstanding balances.  It  offers one of the lowest
annual interest rates in the country.

The Union Privilege MasterCard offered on an exclusive basis to over 14
million members of the AFL-CIO, is the largest single affinity card program in
the country.

<PAGE> 50

Highlights
*    Credit card accounts increased in 1994 by 25%, from 4.8 million to 6.0
     million, while managed credit card outstandings rose by 24% to a year-end 
     total of $7.7 billion.

*    Added over one million new accounts to the Consumers Edge program.

*    Introduced The Bank of New York (Delaware) MasterCard Business Card,
     which affords small businesses a tailored cash management tool.  The
     Business Card offers all the conveniences of a traditional corporate
     charge card with additional expense control options developed
     specifically for small businesses.

*    Cardholders have access to customer representatives seven days a week
     from 8AM to 11PM Eastern time.

*    Cardholders may access general account information 24 hours a day and
     seven days a week through our automated voice response system.

<PAGE> 51

Corporate Banking

The Bank of New York serves the global banking needs of selected domestic and
multinational corporations and institutions.  Our goal is to establish broader
and more durable relationships with these companies by leading their corporate
credits, and by obtaining their securities processing and other operating
business through effective cross-selling.

The primary function of the Bank's 26 international branches and
representative offices is to sell and to assist in the delivery of securities
and other processing products with special emphasis on trade services and
funds transfer.

Corporate banking is divided into the following areas:

Special Industries Banking - The Bank of New York has long been a leading
provider of credit and operating services to the media, securities, energy and
public utilities, surface transportation, real estate, mortgage banking and
insurance industries.  Each specialized area provides a focused expertise to
meet the unique requirements of these industries.

U.S. Commercial Banking - The Bank serves domestic corporations by focusing
its calling efforts on the major metropolitan areas around the country that
offer the greatest concentrations of existing and prospective customers.

Middle Market Banking - We offer lending expertise to growing mid-size
businesses throughout the greater New York metropolitan area along with the
same sophisticated banking services usually provided to much larger companies. 
These

<PAGE> 52

services include:  asset-based finance, cash management, securities
processing, trade finance, leasing and investment banking.

International Banking - We support the global requirements of overseas
correspondent banks, government agencies and corporations, both in the U.S.
and abroad.  Our network of foreign branches and representative offices is a
major source of business for securities and other processing products such as
American Depositary Receipts, funds transfer and trade finance.  Our extensive
international capabilities are utilized to enhance the Bank's position with
corporate customers in the United States.

Factoring - BNY Financial Corporation, our factoring subsidiary, is the
second-largest factoring operation in the U.S. and the largest in Canada.  We
have accomplished major customer and geographic diversification in this
business over the last five years.  Historically, our customer concentration
in the apparel industry ranged between 65-70%.  Today, 42% of our business is
to this industry, with the remainder coming from such diverse sources as the
utility, industrial security, shipping, freight, food processing and beverage
industries.  BNY Financial Corporation now operates in seven offices located
in New York, Boston, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Charlotte, as well as Toronto and
Montreal.

Highlights
*    BNY Financial Corporation completed its 13th consecutive year of record
     earnings.

*    The Bank of New York was appointed Administrative Agent on over 150
     broadly syndicated loans.

<PAGE> 53

Retail Banking

The Bank of New York is the leading retail bank in the suburban New York area. 
Our extensive branch network totals 379 offices serving 24 counties in New
York and New Jersey.

We offer individuals, professionals, small businesses and municipalities a
complete range of products and services that are designed to provide the best
banking value.

In 1994, much of our efforts focused on integrating and growing the franchises
that we had acquired during the previous two years.  We accomplished this by
introducing new products and improved service to all of our markets.

For consumers, we introduced an enhanced Priority Value Banking relationship
product, offering higher savings rates and lower loan rates to our best
customers.

Recognizing the consumer's need to move beyond traditional products and
services, we introduced the Personal Investment Centers, conveniently located
in Bank of New York branches, and staffed by licensed representatives who
are equipped to offer alternative investment products such as annuities and
mutual funds.

<PAGE> 54

Highlights
*    We introduced Group Banking, a new product that provides small business
     customers the ability to add direct payroll deposit, free checking and
     other banking services to their employee benefits packages.  Before
     year-end we added the Pay Plus card, which allows employees without bank
     accounts to participate in direct deposit of payroll as well.

*    The Bank's 24-hour bank by phone service line, 1-800-CALL-BNY was
     enhanced with new features such as automated check reorders, ATM and
     direct deposit information.

*    We became the only bank in our market to accept applications by
     telephone, with approval in 60 minutes, for all types of consumer loans.
          
<PAGE> 55          

Trust, Investment Management and Private Banking

The Trust, Investment Management and Private Banking sector provides a wide
range of custom financial services to high income, high net worth individuals
and business owners.  The sector also provides domestic and offshore
institutions with a fully array of investment management services.

The Bank's personal services encompass financial planning, investment
management, banking, trusts, estate administration, custody, income tax
planning and preparation, and real estate management.  These services are
provided to individuals in the United States and abroad and delivered by
professionals located throughout the New York City metropolitan area and New
Jersey, and in Florida.  The goal of our private banking teams, which are
staffed by representatives from our Trust, Investment and Banking areas, is to
expand our major high net worth client relationships by providing focused,
responsive and more fully integrated levels of customer service.

The sector's Institutional Investment Management Division manages assets for
corporations, public funds, unions, foundations and endowments.  Our
investment options include balanced, fixed-income, active equity, index fund
products and short-term money management as well as ADRs and other
international instruments.

Highlights
*    The Tax-Exempt Bond Management Division, which offers a unique service
     that enables investors to maximize returns on their municipal bond
     portfolios, posted a 39% increase in revenue over the previous year.

*    Short-Term Money Management service for institutions seeking safety and
     high returns on liquid funds posted revenue growth of 26%.
          
<PAGE> 56          
          
Financial Market Services

The Bank of New York is a market maker in the world's major trading
currencies.  We provide 24-hour, full-service trading capabilities through our
offices in New York, London, Tokyo, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Seoul and Taipei.

The Bank is a full-service broker/dealer and underwriter of high-grade,
general obligation tax-exempt securities issued principally in the New York
tri-state area.  These securities are provided to mutual funds, financial
institutions, corporations and individual investors.

The Bank of New York offers a full range of interest rate hedging products to
help corporate treasurers and investment managers control and reduce their
exposure to interest rate risk.  These products can be transacted in U.S.
dollars as well as selected foreign currencies.  Additionally, the Bank sells
cross-currency hedging products, which are designed to manage both interest
rate and currency risk.

Our financial market professionals also manage our worldwide assets and
liabilities and the Company's own investment portfolio. In a year where losses
on derivatives portfolios dominated the financial press, The Bank of New York
stood out for not employing these instruments to reach for yield through
interest rate speculation.

<PAGE> 57

Highlights
*    Our focus on marketing interest rate risk management products to
     financial institutions resulted in a $260 million increase in
     transaction volume to this important business sector.  The majority of
     this growth came from transactions with large regional banks and
     companies in the insurance and credit card industries.

*    Our "match funding" approach to asset and liability management insulated
     our balance sheet from the effects of rising interest rates.
  

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>16
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>


                                                         EXHIBIT 21
<PAGE> 1
 

                    Subsidiaries Of The Registrant




Significant subsidiaries of The Bank of New York Company, Inc. are as follows:



The Bank of New York, a New York State Chartered Bank

BNY Holdings (Delaware) Corporation, a Delaware Corporation

The Bank of New York (Delaware)*, a Delaware State Chartered Bank

BNY Holdings (New Jersey) Corporation, a New Jersey Corporation

The Bank of New York National Association**, a National Bank








-------------------------------

*   Subsidiary of BNY Holdings (Delaware) Corporation

**  Subsidiary of BNY Holdings (New Jersey) Corporation



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>17
<DESCRIPTION>DT CONSENT
<TEXT>


                                                   EXHIBIT 23.1
<PAGE> 1


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of
The Bank of New York Company, Inc. listed below of our report dated February
24, 1995, appearing in the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders which is
incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Bank of
New York Company, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1994.

On Form S-3:
No. 33-50333
No. 33-51984

On Form S-4:
No. 33-25805

On Form S-8:
No. 33-57670
Post Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement
No. 2-95764
Post Effective Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement
No. 2-95765
Pre  Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement
No. 33-20999
Pre  Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement
No. 33-33460


\s\ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York
March 27, 1995



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>18
<DESCRIPTION>AA CONSENT
<TEXT>


                                                  Exhibit 23.2


<PAGE> 1

                        Arthur Andersen LLP


            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS




As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference into The Bank of New York Company Inc.'s Form 10-K of our report
dated January 12, 1993 (except with respect to the matter discussed in Note
18, as to which the date is January 29, 1993) with respect to the consolidated
financial statements of National Community Banks, Inc. (NCB) referred to in
such report.  It should be noted that we have not audited any financial
statements of NCB subsequent to December 31, 1992 or performed any audit
procedures subsequent to the date of our report.





                                                      \s\ Arthur Andersen LLP

Roseland, New Jersey                                  Arthur Andersen LLP
March 21, 1995







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>19
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 9
<LEGEND>
This schedule contains summary financial information extracted from The Bank of
New York Company, Inc.'s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 1994 and
is qualified entirely by reference to such Form 10-K.
</LEGEND>
<CIK> 0000009626
<NAME> THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                              JAN-1-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                           2,903
<INT-BEARING-DEPOSITS>                             992
<FED-FUNDS-SOLD>                                 3,019
<TRADING-ASSETS>                                   940
<INVESTMENTS-HELD-FOR-SALE>                      1,721
<INVESTMENTS-CARRYING>                           2,930
<INVESTMENTS-MARKET>                             2,707
<LOANS>                                         33,083
<ALLOWANCE>                                        792
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  48,879
<DEPOSITS>                                      34,091
<SHORT-TERM>                                     6,240
<LIABILITIES-OTHER>                              1,666
<LONG-TERM>                                      1,774
<COMMON>                                         1,427
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                        119
<OTHER-SE>                                       2,750
<TOTAL-LIABILITIES-AND-EQUITY>                  48,879
<INTEREST-LOAN>                                  2,405
<INTEREST-INVEST>                                  283
<INTEREST-OTHER>                                   229
<INTEREST-TOTAL>                                 2,962
<INTEREST-DEPOSIT>                                 842
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               1,245
<INTEREST-INCOME-NET>                            1,717
<LOAN-LOSSES>                                      162
<SECURITIES-GAINS>                                  15
<EXPENSE-OTHER>                                  1,646
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  1,198
<INCOME-PRE-EXTRAORDINARY>                         749
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                       749
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     3.92
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     3.70
<YIELD-ACTUAL>                                    4.11
<LOANS-NON>                                        297
<LOANS-PAST>                                       163
<LOANS-TROUBLED>                                     0
<LOANS-PROBLEM>                                      0
<ALLOWANCE-OPEN>                                   970
<CHARGE-OFFS>                                      411
<RECOVERIES>                                        57
<ALLOWANCE-CLOSE>                                  792
<ALLOWANCE-DOMESTIC>                               637
<ALLOWANCE-FOREIGN>                                155
<ALLOWANCE-UNALLOCATED>                              0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>20
<DESCRIPTION>AA OPINION
<TEXT>


                                                              Exhibit 99

<PAGE> 1
                      Arthur Andersen LLP

             Report of Independent Public Accountants


To the Board of Directors
of National Community Banks, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of income, changes in
shareholders' equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 1992 of
National Community Banks, Inc. (a New Jersey Corporation) and its subsidiary. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of National
Community Banks, Inc. and subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 1992, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

As described in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, National
Community Banks, Inc. (the Company), its subsidiary, National Community Bank
of New Jersey, and certain directors and officers of the Company have been
named defendants in a complaint seeking relief on behalf of a class of
shareholders.  This litigation continues to be in a preliminary stage and its
ultimate outcome cannot be determined.


                                                  \s\ Arthur Andersen LLP

                                                   Arthur Andersen LLP


Roseland, New Jersey
January 12, 1993 (except with
respect to the matter discussed
in Note 18, as to which the date
is January 29, 1993)



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
