-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FNwjNl+Q49qEWLWa7GVVxzSFE1ESLh5JpiLZ6iyKVDP93jeejloZiqXjl6tQRNi3
 osCzSkjp1t6JyQgfCvGqzQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000930661-02-000677.txt : 20020415
<SEC-HEADER>0000930661-02-000677.hdr.sgml : 20020415
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930661-02-000677
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20011231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20020311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				030311630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22810
		FILM NUMBER:		02572559

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 CROWFORD PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			MOUNT LAUREL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8567782300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 BENMONT AVE
		CITY:			BENNINGTON
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

================================================================================


                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

               ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

   For the year ended December 31, 2001            Commission File No. 0-22810

                       MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  Delaware                                   03-0311630
       (State or Other Jurisdiction of                    (I.R.S. Employer
       Incorporation or Organization)                    Identification No.)

1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400, Mt. Laurel, NJ                  08054
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)                      (Zip Code)

      Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (856) 778-2300

       Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

          Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                    Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share


     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  X   No ___
                                               ---

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained in this form, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [_]

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the Registrant, based on the last sale price of the Registrant's Common Stock at
the close of business on March 6, 2002, was approximately $13,651,095.
(Reference is made to page 14 herein for a statement of assumptions upon which
this calculation is based.) The Company does not have any non-voting stock.

     The number of shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the
Registrant outstanding as of March 6, 2002 was 25,384,027.

                      Documents Incorporated by Reference

     Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with
the Commission in connection with the 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (which
proxy statement is expected to be filed with the Commission not later than 120
days after the end of the Registrant's last fiscal year) are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.


================================================================================
<PAGE>

                                    PART I

ITEM 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

GENERAL

Mace Security International, Inc. ("the Company" or "Mace") was incorporated in
Delaware on September 1, 1993.  Before July 1999, its  main business was the
production and sale of less-than-lethal defense sprays and other consumer safety
and personal security products.  On July 1, 1999, we merged American Wash
Services, Inc., a company that was engaged in the business of acquiring and
operating car wash facilities, into a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mace Security
International, Inc.  On July 9, 1999, we acquired all the outstanding common
stock of Innovative Control Systems, Inc. ("ICS"), a developer of point-of-sale
systems for the car wash and oil and lubrication industries.  On June 2, 2000,
we sold our computer products subsidiary, ICS, and accordingly, all results of
ICS's operations have been classified as "discontinued operations."

Our operations are currently conducted through two primary divisions.  Since
July 1999, our main business has been the ownership and operation of full
service car and truck wash facilities.  Through a separate security products
division, we produce retail sale consumer safety and personal security products.
In the first quarter of 2000, we entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, Inc. ("Mark Sport").  Mark Sport is controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a
director of the Company.  The Management Agreement entitles Mark Sport to
operate the Security Products Division and receive all profits or losses
realized through operation of this division.  We have retained ownership of all
of the business assets.  Under the Management Agreement, Mark Sport pays us
$20,000 per month.  Additionally, Mark Sport must pay us an amount equal to the
amortization and depreciation on the assets of the division.  During the term of
the Agreement, Mark Sport must operate the division in substantially the same
manner as it has been operated prior to the Management Agreement.  The
Management Agreement currently expires on April 30, 2002.

LINES OF BUSINESS

     Car and Truck Wash Business.  The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns
and operates 55 car washes and five truck washes.  We operate 15 car wash
locations in the region surrounding Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, some of which
are located in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware.  We also operate six car
wash locations in the Sarasota, Florida area, 14 car wash locations in Arizona,
and 20 car wash locations in Texas.  We also own five truck washes located in
Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Texas.  Except for 11 of the Philadelphia-region car
washes, which provide only exterior washing, and two of the Texas-region
locations, which represent a self serve wash facility and a lube facility, the
rest of our locations are full service car washes.  These full service car
washes provide exterior washing and drying, vacuuming and dusting of dashboards
and door panels, and cleaning of all windows and glass.

Our typical car or truck wash facility consists of a free standing building of
approximately 4,000 square feet, containing a sales area for impulse items and a
car wash tunnel of approximately 75 feet in length.  Cars are moved through the
car wash tunnel by a conveyor system where automatic equipment cleans the
vehicle as it moves underneath the equipment. Additional extra services,
including wheel cleaning, fragrance and rust protection treatment, interior and
wheel treatments, waxing and shampooing, are also offered at the locations.
Many of our locations also offer other consumer products and related car care
services, such as professional detailing services (offered at 42 locations), oil
and lubrication services (offered at 10 locations), gasoline dispensing services
(offered at 19 locations), state inspection services (offered at six locations),
convenience store sales (offered at one location), and merchandise store sales
(offered at 42 locations).  Our truck wash facilities provide washing and waxing
services for tractor-trailer and fleet transport vehicles.  These services are
provided by hand.  While certain acquisitions were pending in 1999 and 2000, we
managed several car wash locations under operating agreements pursuant to which
we were entitled to all profits generated by that location.  Car wash and
ancillary services provided 99.5%, 99.5%, and 86.7% of our revenues in fiscal
years 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.  (See also, the Consolidated Statements
of Operations in the financial statements accompanying this report.)

Our car wash operations are not dependent on any one or small number of
customers.  The nature of our car wash operations does not result in a backlog
of orders at any time, and all of our car wash revenues are derived from sales
in the United States.  For a discussion of seasonal effects on our car wash
operations, see Item 7, Seasonality and Inflation in Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

     Security Products Division.  The Security Products Division designs,
markets and sells consumer products for use in protection of the home and
automobile, and for personal and child protection. These products include a line
of defense sprays,

                                       2
<PAGE>

personal alarms, whistles, and window and door lock alarms. The defense sprays
include tear gas sprays, pepper sprays and sprays with both tear gas and pepper
solution. The Security Products Division markets its products through mass
merchants/department stores, consumer catalogues and guns/sporting goods,
hardware, auto, convenience, and drug stores as well as on the Internet. Mace
Anti Crime Bureau(R) ("MACB") develops and markets security products and
literature primarily for the foreign financial community, including a "dye-pack"
used by financial institutions for robbery protection, state-of-the-art training
videos and crisis response materials. MACB markets to foreign financial
institutions and related businesses throughout the world through direct
marketing and the use of independent sales representatives and distributors as
well as exhibitions at national trade shows and advertisement in trade
publications. Substantially all of the manufacturing processes are performed at
the Bennington, Vermont facility under the Management Agreement through Mark
Sport. Defense spray products are manufactured on an aerosol filling machine.
Most products are packaged in sealed, tamper-resistant "clamshells." The
KinderGard(R) product line is primarily manufactured by an unrelated company and
packaged on-site at the Vermont facility. Operating results of the KinderGard(R)
product line are immaterial at this time.

In the first quarter of 2000, we entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the
Company.  The Management Agreement entitles Mark Sport to operate the Security
Products Division and receive all profits or losses during the term of the
Management Agreement.  We have retained the ownership of all of the business
assets.  The Management Agreement was extended under several amendments, most
recently through April 30, 2002.  Under the Management Agreement, Mark Sport
pays us $20,000 per month.  Additionally, Mark Sport must pay us an amount equal
to the amortization and depreciation on the assets of the division.  During the
term of the Management Agreement, Mark Sport must operate the division in
substantially the same manner as it has been operated prior to the Management
Agreement.  Revenue from the Security Products Division provided 0.5%, 0.5%, and
13.3% of our revenues in fiscal years 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.  (See
also, the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the financial statements
accompanying this report.)

     Point-of-Sale Systems and Software Sales and Development.  On July 9, 1999,
we acquired ICS in exchange for 604,000 shares of company common stock and the
assumption of $750,000 of debt.  From July 1999 to June 2000, ICS was involved
in the development, marketing and sale of automated point-of-sale control
systems that are used to monitor, manage and analyze car wash systems and
lubrication centers.  On June 2, 2000, we sold ICS.  Accordingly, all results of
ICS operations have been classified as "discontinued operations."

BUSINESS STRATEGIES

Growth Of Car and Truck Wash Business.

          .  Internal Growth.  We believe that we can achieve internal growth,
             ----------------
principally from additional sales into our current markets, by providing
superior and improved service and through our existing marketing efforts.  To
improve market share in a given operating region, we spend approximately 2% to
3% of regional revenue on strong regional advertising campaigns emphasizing
brand awareness.  Advertising includes, but is not limited to, direct mail
discount coupon campaigns, media promotional events, and radio and television
spots.  We believe that only about 30% of the general population routinely use
car wash services.  We believe that this relatively low level of participation
is the result of (i) lack of effective advertising; (ii) inconsistent wash
quality and service levels across fragmented locations; and (iii) concerns about
scratches and other adverse effects from the automated wash process.  We believe
that through consumer education and by developing a strong brand reputation,
known for consistent quality and safe, dependable service across locations, we
can increase consumer participation rates and generate significant internal
growth from existing locations.  We also intend to selectively implement price
increases when competitive advantages and appropriate market conditions exist.

          .  Increasing Productivity and Operating Efficiency.   We have reduced
             ------------------------------------------------
the total operating expenses of our owned businesses by implementing centralized
financial controls.  In addition, we are continually implementing programs to
take advantage of certain economies of scale in such areas as the purchase of
equipment, chemicals and supplies, parts, equipment maintenance, data
processing, financing arrangements, employee benefits, insurance, and
communications.  We train our operating personnel to emphasize customer service,
labor savings, safe operation and improved sales of add-on and ancillary
services.  Location managers are trained to implement our standardized service
menu option list and high-margin service add-ons at each of our locations.

     Acquisitions.  From May 1999 through December 2001, and including our
merger with American Wash Services, Inc., we acquired 62 car wash facilities and
five truck wash facilities through the acquisition of 17 separate businesses.
Seven car wash

                                       3
<PAGE>

facilities have been divested or closed. The majority of the locations were
acquired by acquiring a company, or the assets of a company, that owned several
locations in a given geographic area.

We will continue to acquire car washes when we can do so on advantageous terms.
In evaluating potential acquisitions, we will consider: (i) the potential for
operating cost reductions, revenue growth through advertising, and managerial
efficiencies; (ii) the commercial viability and underlying real estate value of
each location; (iii) the potential for geographic diversification throughout the
United States; and (iv) other relevant factors.

We are also exploring potential acquisitions, mergers and strategic alliances
with companies not in the car wash business.

As consideration for future acquisitions, we intend to continue to use
combinations of common stock, cash, and assumption of indebtedness. The
consideration for each future acquisition will vary on a case-by-case basis
depending on our financial interests, the historic operating results of the
acquisition target, and the growth potential of the business to be acquired.  We
expect to finance future acquisitions through funds provided by operations,
mortgage loans and the proceeds of possible future equity sales.

  .  Completed Acquisitions.   We did not complete any acquisitions in 2001.
     -----------------------
During 2000, we acquired three car care companies and a truck wash company.

                            Completed Acquisitions
                     January 1, 2000 -- December 31, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Date Acquired
Company                                    (Accounting Method)     Location           Principal Business
- -------                                    -------------------     --------           ------------------
<S>                                        <C>                   <C>                  <C>

Red Baron Truck Washes, Inc.               March 24, 2000        Arizona,             Five Truck Washes
                                           (Purchase)            Indiana,
                                                                 Texas and Ohio

Sparsupco, Inc. (the "Beneva Car Wash")    June 5, 2000          Sarasota, Florida    Full Service Car Wash
                                           (Purchase)

Superstar Kyrene                           July 10, 2000         Phoenix, Arizona     Full Service Car Wash
                                           (Purchase)

Blue Planet Car Wash                       July 26, 2000         Dallas, Texas        Full Service Car Wash
                                           (Purchase)
</TABLE>

MARKETING

     Car and Truck Wash Business.  The car care industry services customers on a
local and regional basis. We employ operational and customer service people at
our operating locations.  The operational and customer service people are
supervised by the management of the operating locations.  We emphasize providing
quality services as well as customer satisfaction and retention, and believe
that we will attract customers in the future because of our reputation for
quality service.  We market our services through coupon advertising and direct-
mail marketing programs.  We have a diverse customer base, with no single
customer accounting for five percent or more of our consolidated revenues for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.  We do not believe that the loss of any
single customer would have a material adverse effect on our business or results
of operations.

     Security Products Division.  During 2000 and 2001, we did not directly
market its line of personal safety and security devices.  All marketing and
sales are done by Mark Sport under the Management Agreement which expires on
April 30, 2002. Each market category is reached through dedicated in-house sales
managers, and/or through a nationwide network of manufacturers' representatives.
Market categories are also reached through catalogue, magazine and trade
publication advertising, Internet website and promotion at industry trade shows.
Mark Sport also sells directly to wholesale distributors and to certain large
department stores. Mail order and specialty accounts are handled directly by
Mark Sport.

     Point-of-Sale and Software Business.  Having sold ICS, we no longer market
the point-of-sale systems manufactured by ICS.

                                       4
<PAGE>

PRODUCTION AND SUPPLIES

     Car and Truck Wash Business.  We do not manufacture any of the car or truck
wash equipment and supplies which we use.  There are numerous suppliers of the
equipment and supplies required by our car and truck wash operations.

     Security Products Division.  Substantially all of the manufacturing
processes for the Security Products Division are performed under the Management
Agreement by Mark Sport at our leased Bennington, Vermont facility.  Defense
spray products are manufactured on an aerosol filling machine. Most products are
packaged in sealed, tamper-resistant "clamshells." The KinderGard(R) product
line and its MaceCash dye pack bag are primarily manufactured by unrelated
companies and packaged on-site at the Vermont facility.  There are numerous
potential suppliers of the components and parts required in the production
process.  We have developed strong beneficial long-term relationships with many
of our suppliers including the following: Allplax, Inc., Moldamatic, Inc., Piper
Impact, Inc., Amber International, Inc. and Springfield Printing, Inc. In
addition, Mark Sport purchases for resale a variety of products produced by
others including whistles, alarms, and window and door locks, among others.

     Point-of-Sale and Software Business.  Prior to the sale of ICS in June
2000, all of our manufacturing processes for the Point-of-Sale and Software
Business were performed at our Nazareth, Pennsylvania facility. The  component
parts of ICS's Point-of-Sale systems were manufactured by unrelated companies
and assembled at the Nazareth, Pennsylvania facility.

COMPETITION

     Car and Truck Wash Business.  The car care industry is a highly fragmented
industry comprised of many "mom and pop" private businesses.  At any wash
location the main competitors are privately owned car washes which may, in many
instances, be located near our car washes. The car care industry is highly
competitive. Competition is based primarily on location, facilities, customer
service, available services and rates.  We also face competition from sources
outside the car wash industry, such as gas stations that offer automated car
wash services. Because barriers to entry in the general car care industry are
relatively low, competition may arise from new sources not currently competing
with us.  We compete with other companies intending to become a national car
wash chain including, Wash Depot Holdings, Inc., Car Wash Partners, Car Wash of
America, Car Spa and Oasis Car Wash.

     Security Products Division.  The Security Products Division faces intense
competition in the security products consumer market. Domestically, there
continues to be a number of companies marketing defense sprays to civilian
consumers. While Mark Sport continues to offer defense spray products that we
believe distinguish themselves through brand name recognition, superior product
features and formulations, and research and development, this division has
experienced a sales decline for these products.  We attribute this decline not
only to the strong competition, but also to lower demand in general.

TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS

     Car and Truck Wash Business.  We previously announced that we selected
Super Bright(R) as our national car wash chain's new brand name.  We own a
registered service mark for Super Bright(R) effective October 30, 2001. This new
brand name marks the beginning of an expanded marketing and advertising
initiative, which will include upgrading the signage and appearance of many of
our car wash facilities.

     Security Products Division.  Mace Security International, Inc. began
marketing products in 1988 under the Mace(R) brand name and related trademarks
pursuant to an exclusive license for sales of defense sprays to the consumer
market in the continental United States, and a non-exclusive license for sales
to the consumer market worldwide. The license agreement was renegotiated in 1992
to include a purchase option. We exercised this option and purchased outright
the Mace(R) brand name and related trademarks (Pepper Mace(R), Chemical Mace(R),
Mace . . . Just in Case(R), CS Mace(TM) and Magnum Mace(TM)). In conjunction
with this purchase, we acquired a non-exclusive worldwide license to promote a
patented pepper spray formula in both markets. We also have various other
patents and trademarks for the devices we sell including, trademarks and patents
for the Big Jammer(R) door brace, Window Jammer(TM), Sonic Alert(TM), Safety
Flasher(TM), Sport Strobe(TM), Child Safe Alarm(TM), Window Alert(TM), Motion
Alert(TM), Emergency Whistle(TM), Auto Alert(TM), Screecher(R), Peppergard(R),
Slam(R), Mace (Mexico)(R), Viper(R) defense spray, KinderGard(R), Zip-a-Babe(R),
Hand n-Hand(R) and Safe-T-Zip(R). We have been issued a patent on the locking
mechanism for the Mark VI defense spray unit.

                                       5
<PAGE>

In July 1998, in connection with the sale of our Law Enforcement division, we
transferred our Mace (R) brand trademark and all related trademarks and a patent
(No. 5,348,193) to our wholly owned subsidiary, Mace Trademark Corp. The
purchaser of our Law Enforcement division received a 99 year license to use the
Mace (R) brand, certain other such trademarks and the patent in the Law
Enforcement Market only.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION/ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

     Car and Truck Wash Business. We are subject to various local, state and
federal laws regulating the discharge of pollutants into the environment. We
believe that our operations are in compliance in all material respects with
applicable environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and
regulations is not expected to materially affect our competitive position. Three
major areas of regulation facing us are disposal of lubrication oil at our oil
change centers, the compliance with all underground storage tank laws in
connection with our gasoline sales and the proper recycling and disposal of
water used in our car washes. We use approved waste-oil haulers to remove our
oil and lubricant waste. Before acquiring a gasoline dispensing site, we
investigate it to verify that any underground storage tanks are in compliance
with all legal requirements. We recycle our waste water and where we have proper
permits it is disposed of into sewage drains; 70% of the detergent and wax
products used in the car wash are recycled within a built-in reclaim system.

     Security Products Division. The distribution, sale, ownership and use of
consumer defense sprays are legal in some form in all 50 states and the District
of Columbia. However, in most states, sales to minors are prohibited and in
several states (MA, MI, NE, NY, WI), sales of defense sprays are highly
regulated. On January 1, 1996, California eased restrictions on defense sprays.
On November 1, 1996, New York lifted an overall ban on defense sprays allowing
for the sale of oleoresin capsicum (OC) pepper sprays in licensed pharmacies and
licensed gun stores only. Massachusetts requires both users and sellers to be
licensed. Wisconsin allows the sale of OC pepper sprays only and they must be
sold from behind a counter or under glass. Michigan does not permit sales of
chloroacetophenone (CN) sprays. Nevada permits sales of
orthochlorobenzalmalononitrile (CS) sprays only. We have been able to sell our
defensive sprays within the guidelines set by state regulations. There can be no
assurance, however, that broader, more severe restrictions will not be enacted
that would have an adverse impact on our financial condition. We believe we are
in compliance with all federal, state, and local environmental laws.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Car and Truck Wash Business. We have a car wash school established at one
of our Austin, Texas car washes. The school is used to train managers and
assistant managers for our car washes.

     Security Products Division. We have an on-site laboratory. Research and
development is conducted to maintain our reputation in the defense spray
industry. We are continually reviewing ideas and potential licensing
arrangements to expand our product lines. We spent approximately $13,000 on
research and development in 1999.

INSURANCE

We maintain various insurance coverages for our assets and operations. These
coverages include Property coverages including Business Interruption protection
for each location. We maintain garage keepers and commercial general liability
coverages in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence and $3,000,000 in the
aggregate with an umbrella policy which provides coverage up to $25,000,000. We
also maintain workers compensation policies in every state in which we operate.
Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that our insurance will provide
sufficient coverage in the event a claim is made against us, or that we will be
able to maintain in place such insurance at reasonable prices. An uninsured or
under insured claim against us of sufficient magnitude could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

U.S. BASED BUSINESS

We currently conduct, and for each of the past three years have conducted,
substantially all of our business in the United States. We do not derive any
material revenue from countries other than the United States and do not have
long-term assets or customer relationships outside of the United States.
Accordingly, we are not currently subject to any material risks associated with
any foreign operations.

                                       6
<PAGE>

EMPLOYEES

As of March 6, 2002, we had approximately 1,825 employees, of which
approximately 1,801 were employed in the car care services, 19 in clerical,
administrative and sales positions, and five in management. None of our
employees is covered by collective bargaining agreements.

FACTORS INFLUENCING FUTURE RESULTS AND ACCURACY OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Forward Looking Statements"). All statements
other than statements of historical fact included in this section are Forward
Looking Statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such
Forward Looking Statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such
expectations will prove to have been correct. Generally, these statements relate
to business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or other
consequences of such plans or strategies, number of acquisitions and projected
or anticipated benefits from acquisitions made by or to be made by us, or
projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings, levels of capital
expenditures or other aspects of operating results. All phases of our operations
are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of
which are outside our control and any one of which, or a combination of which,
could materially affect the results of our operations and whether Forward
Looking Statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Such important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations are disclosed in this section and elsewhere in this report. All
subsequent written and oral Forward Looking Statements attributable to the
Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by the Important Factors described below that could cause actual
results to differ from our expectations. The Forward Looking Statements made
herein are only made as of the date of this filing, and we undertake no
obligation to publicly update such Forward Looking Statements to reflect
subsequent events or circumstances.

     We need to raise additional capital. Additional capital will be needed if
acquisitions of car washes or other businesses are made. Our capital
requirements also include working capital for daily operations and capital for
equipment purchases. To the extent that we lack cash to meet our future capital
needs, we will be required to raise additional funds through bank borrowings and
additional equity and/or debt financing, which may result in significant
increases in leverage and interest expense and/or substantial dilution. If we
are unable to raise additional capital, we will need to curtail future
acquisitions.

     Risks of Acquisitions and New Business Segments. One of our strategies has
been to grow through acquisitions. We are currently examining acquisition
candidates outside the car care industry. To the extent we make acquisitions
inside or outside the car care industry, our ability to identify suitable
acquisition candidates, understand new businesses, and consummate acquisitions
on financially favorable terms is a risk. Acquisitions involve risks inherent in
assessing acquisition candidates' values, strengths, weaknesses, risks and
profitability and risks related to the financing, integration and operation of
acquired businesses, including:

     i.   adverse short-term effects on our reported operating results;
     ii.  diversion of management's attention;
     iii. dependence on hiring, training and retaining key personnel;
     iv.  risks associated with unanticipated problems or latent liabilities;
          and
     v.   risks inherent with management not having experience in new business
          segments acquired.

We cannot give assurance that acquisition opportunities will be available, that
we will have access to the capital required to finance potential acquisitions,
that we will continue to acquire businesses, or that any acquired business will
be profitable.

     Listing on the Nasdaq National Market. If our common stock does not
maintain a minimum bid price of one dollar for thirty consecutive days, we are
subject to being delisted from the Nasdaq National Market. If our stock is under
$1.00 for thirty consecutive business days, we will be able to maintain our
listing if during the next 90 day period, our stock maintains at least a minimum
bid price of $1.00 for a ten consecutive day period. The ten day period required
can be extended at the discretion of Nasdaq. Upon delisting from the Nasdaq
National Market, our stock would be traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market until
we maintain a minimum bid price of one dollar for thirty consecutive days at
which time we can regain listing on the Nasdaq National Market. If our stock
does not maintain a minimum bid price of one dollar for thirty consecutive days
during a 180 day grace period on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market or a 360 day grace
period if compliance with certain core listing standards are demonstrated, we
will receive a delisting notice from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market. Upon delisting
from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, our stock may be traded over-the-counter, more
commonly known as OTC. OTC transactions involve risks in addition to those
associated with transactions in securities traded on the Nasdaq National Market
or the Nasdaq SmallCap Market (together

                                       7
<PAGE>

"Nasdaq-Listed Stocks"). OTC companies may have limited product lines, markets
or financial resources. Many OTC stocks trade less frequently and in smaller
volumes than Nasdaq-Listed Stocks. The values of these stocks may be more
volatile than Nasdaq-Listed Stocks. If our stock is traded in the OTC market and
a market maker sponsors us, we may have the price of our stock electronically
displayed on the OTC Bulletin Board, or OTCBB. However, if we lack sufficient
market maker support for display on the OTCBB, we must have our price published
by the National Quotations Bureau LLP in a paper publication known as the "Pink
Sheets." The marketability of our stock will be even more limited if our price
must be published on the "Pink Sheets."

On April 19, 2001, we were advised by Nasdaq that our common stock had failed to
trade above one dollar for thirty consecutive business days, and therefore, we
were not in compliance with Marketplace Rule 4450(a)(5) of the Nasdaq National
Market. Nasdaq advised us that we had 90 days to maintain a bid price of at
least one dollar for ten consecutive business days or we would be delisted. We
maintained a minimum bid price of at least one dollar for ten consecutive
business days ending May 4, 2001. On May 11, 2001, we were advised by Nasdaq
that we were in compliance with Marketplace Rule 4450(a)(5) and were not subject
to being delisted.

Our bid price has been below one dollar since February 8, 2002. Should the bid
price of our common stock fail to close above one dollar for one day before
March 22, 2002, we may be subject to delisting as described above.

     We have a history of losses, and we may incur continuing charges. We have
reported net losses and working capital deficits in the past, and we have
expended substantial funds for acquisitions and equipment. In connection with
financing acquisitions and business growth, we anticipate that we will continue
to incur significant debt and interest charges. Several of our debt agreements,
as amended, contain certain affirmative and negative covenants and require the
maintenance of certain levels of tangible net worth and the maintenance of
certain debt coverage ratios on an individual subsidiary and consolidated level.
If our results are not sufficient to maintain the required ratios, we would be
in default of our loan agreements. In addition, we have recognized goodwill
amortization charges in connection with our acquisitions that are accounted for
under the "purchase" method of accounting. The amount of goodwill recognized is
the amount by which the purchase price of a business exceeds the fair market
value of the assets acquired. Until December 31, 2001, goodwill was amortized
over a period not to exceed 25 years depending on the business acquired,
resulting in an annual non-cash charge to our earnings during that period. With
the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 142, Goodwill and
Intangible Assets ("SFAS 142" ) on January 1, 2002, we will no longer amortize
goodwill. Additionally, SFAS 142 requires annual fair value based impairment
tests of goodwill and other intangible assets identified with indefinite lives.
Although we have not yet determined the effect of these new impairment test,
future charges to our consolidated statement of operations could result should
impairment losses be identified.

     Our business plan poses risks for us. One of our business objectives is to
develop as a full service, integrated car care business through acquisitions and
through the internal development of our car wash facilities. We have
repositioned our company from one involved primarily in the production of
consumer defense products to a company that provides car wash and car care
services. This strategy involves a number of risks, including:

     i.   risks associated with growth;
     ii.  risks associated with acquisitions; and
     iii. risks associated with the recruitment and development of management
          and operating personnel.

If we are unable to manage one or more of these associated risks effectively, we
may not fully realize our business plan.

     We have a limited operating history regarding our car and truck wash
businesses. Since July 1999, our main business has been the acquisition and
operation of car wash facilities, which now accounts for substantially all of
our revenues. Because of our relatively limited operating history with respect
to this business, we cannot assure you that we will be able to operate it
successfully.

     We may not be able to manage growth. If we succeed in growing, growth will
place significant burdens on our management and on our operational and other
resources. We will need to attract, train, motivate, retain and supervise our
senior managers and other employees. If we are unable to do this, we will not be
able to realize our business objectives.

     Our car wash business may suffer under certain weather conditions. Seasonal
trends in some periods may affect our car wash business. In particular, long
periods of rain and cloudy weather can adversely affect our car wash business as
people typically do not wash their cars during such periods. Additionally,
extended periods of warm, dry weather may encourage customers to wash their cars
themselves which also can adversely affect our car wash business.

                                       8
<PAGE>

     Our stock price is volatile. Our common stock's market price has been and
is likely to continue to be highly volatile. Factors like fluctuations in our
quarterly revenues and operating results, our ongoing acquisition program,
market conditions and economic conditions generally may impact significantly our
common stock's market price. In addition, if we make an acquisition, we may
agree to issue common stock that will become available generally for resale and
may have an impact on our common stock's market price.

     We may not be able to integrate businesses we acquire and achieve operating
efficiencies. If we acquire new businesses, we may not be able to successfully
operate and integrate the acquired businesses. Our strategy is to achieve
economies of scale and brand name recognition in part through acquisitions that
increase our size. We cannot give assurance that we will be able to acquire
businesses or that our efforts to integrate acquired operations will be
effective or that we will realize expected results. Our failure to achieve any
of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations.

     We face potential liabilities associated with acquisitions of businesses.
The businesses we acquire may have liabilities that we do not discover or may be
unable to discover during our preacquisition investigations, including
liabilities arising from environmental contamination or prior owners' non-
compliance with environmental laws or other regulatory requirements, and for
which we, as a successor owner or operator, may be responsible.

     We face risks associated with our consumer safety products. We face claims
of injury allegedly resulting from our defense sprays. We cannot give assurance
that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover any judgments won
against us in these lawsuits. If our insurance coverage is exceeded, we will
have to pay the excess liability directly. We are also aware of several claims
that defense sprays used by law enforcement personnel resulted in deaths of
prisoners and of suspects in custody. While we no longer sell defense sprays to
law enforcement agencies, it is possible that the increasing use of defense
sprays by the public could, in the future, lead to additional product liability
claims.

     Consumer demand for our car wash services is unpredictable. Our financial
condition and results of operations will depend substantially on consumer demand
for car wash services. Our business depends on consumers choosing to employ
professional services to wash their cars rather than washing their cars
themselves or not washing their cars at all. We cannot give assurance that
consumer demand for car wash services will increase as our business expands. Nor
can we give assurance that consumer demand will maintain its current level.

     We must maintain our car wash equipment. Although we undertake to keep our
car washing equipment in proper operating condition, the operating environment
found in car washes results in frequent mechanical problems. If we fail to
properly maintain the equipment, the car wash could become inoperable resulting
in a loss of revenue.

     Our car wash and car care services operations face governmental
regulations. We are governed by federal, state and local laws and regulations,
including environmental regulations, that regulate the operation of our car wash
centers and other car care services businesses. Car wash centers utilize
cleaning agents and waxes in the washing process that are then discharged in
waste water along with oils and fluids washed off of vehicles. Other car care
services, such as gasoline and lubrication, use of a number of oil derivatives
and other regulated hazardous substances. As a result, we are governed by
environmental laws and regulations dealing with, among other things:

     i.   transportation, storage, presence, use, disposal and handling of
          hazardous materials and hazardous wastes;
     ii.  discharge of stormwater; and
     iii. underground storage tanks.

If any of the previously mentioned substances were found on our property,
including leased property, or if we were found to be in violation of applicable
laws and regulations, we could be responsible for clean-up costs, property
damage and fines or other penalties, any one of which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

     We face significant competition. The extent and kind of competition that we
face varies. The car care industry is highly competitive. Competition is based
primarily on location, facilities, customer service, available services and
rates. Because barriers to entry into the car care industry are relatively low,
competition may be expected to continually arise from new sources not currently
competing with us. We also face competition from outside the car care industry,
such as gas stations and convenience stores, that offer automated car wash
services. In some cases, these competitors may have greater financial and
operating resources than we have. In our car wash businesses, we face
competition from a number of sources, including regional and national chains,
gasoline stations, gasoline companies, automotive companies and specialty
stores, both regional and national.

                                       9
<PAGE>

     Our operations are dependent substantially on the services of our executive
officers. If we lose one or more of our executive officers, the loss could have
a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We do not
maintain key-man life insurance policies on our executive officers.

     Our preferred stock may affect the rights of the holders of our common
stock; it may also discourage another entity from acquiring control of Mace. Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. It
is not possible to state the precise effect of preferred stock upon the rights
of the holders of our common stock until the Board of Directors determines the
respective preferences, limitations and relative rights of the holders of one or
more series or classes of the preferred stock. However, such effect might
include: (i) reduction of the amount otherwise available for payment of
dividends on common stock, to the extent dividends are payable on any issued
shares of preferred stock, and restrictions on dividends on common stock if
dividends on the preferred stock are in arrears, (ii) dilution of the voting
power of the common stock to the extent that the preferred stock has voting
rights, and (iii) the holders of common stock not being entitled to share in our
assets upon liquidation until satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted
to the preferred stock.

The preferred stock may be viewed as having the effect of discouraging an
unsolicited attempt by another entity to acquire control of us and may therefore
have an anti-takeover effect. Issuances of authorized preferred stock can be
implemented, and have been implemented by some companies in recent years with
voting or conversion privileges intended to make an acquisition of the company
more difficult or costly. Such an issuance could discourage or limit the
stockholders' participation in certain types of transactions that might be
proposed (such as a tender offer), whether or not such transactions were favored
by the majority of the stockholders, and could enhance the ability of officers
and directors to retain their positions.

     Some provisions of Delaware law may prevent us from being acquired. We are
governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits
a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business combination"
with an entity who is an "interested stockholder" for a period of three (3)
years, unless approved in a prescribed manner. This provision of Delaware law
may affect our ability to merge with, or to engage in other similar activities
with, some other companies. This means that we may be a less attractive target
to a potential acquirer who otherwise may be willing to pay a price for our
common stock above its market price.

     We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock. We do not
expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We will reinvest in our business any cash otherwise available for dividends.

     There are additional risks set forth in the incorporated documents. In
addition to the risk factors set forth above, you should review the financial
statements and exhibits incorporated into this report. Such documents may
contain, in certain instances and from time to time, additional and supplemental
information relating to the risks set forth above and/or additional risks to be
considered by you, including, without limitation, information relating to losses
experienced by us in certain historical periods, working capital deficits at
particular dates, information relating to pending and recently completed
acquisitions, descriptions of new or changed federal or state regulations
applicable to Mace, data relating to remediation and the actions taken by Mace,
and estimates at various times of Mace's potential liabilities for compliance
with environmental laws or in connection with pending litigation.

                                       10
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

Our corporate headquarters is located in Mount Laurel, New Jersey.  We rent
approximately 10,000 square feet of space at a current annual cost of
approximately $192,000.

        Car and Truck Wash Properties. Our principal fixed assets are our car
wash facilities used for performing car care services which are described under
Item 1. Lines of Business. The 55 car wash facilities operated by us as of
December 31, 2001 are situated on sites we own or lease. We own 42 and lease 13
of our car wash facilities. The locations of our car washes and the services
offered at the locations are set forth in summary fashion in the chart below.

                                           Type of       Number of
     Locations /(1)/                    Car Wash /(2)/   Facilities
     ---------------                    --------------   ----------

     Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Area    Full Service          3
                                        Exterior Washes       3

     Southern New Jersey Area           Full Service          1
                                        Exterior Washes       7

     Smyrna, Delaware                   Exterior Wash         1

     Phoenix, Arizona Area              Full Service         14

     Dallas, Texas Area                 Full Service          8
                                        Lube Only             1
                                        Self Serve/Lube       1

     Austin, Texas                      Full Service          3

     Lubbock, Texas                     Full Service          3

     Sarasota, Florida Area             Full Service          6

     San Antonio, Texas                 Full Service          4

      (1) The majority of our locations are owned except for the following
          number of locations which are leased:

          (i)    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (3)
          (ii)   Southern New Jersey Area (1)
          (iii)  Smyrna, Delaware (1)
          (iv)   Phoenix, Arizona Area (5)
          (v)    Dallas, Texas Area (3)

      (2) Several locations also offer other consumer products and related car
          care services, such as professional detailing services (offered at 42
          locations), oil and lubrication services (offered at 10 locations),
          gasoline dispensing services (offered at 19 locations), state
          inspection services (offered at six locations), convenience store
          sales (offered at one location) and merchandise store sales (offered
          at 42 locations).

We own real estate, buildings, equipment and other properties that we employ in
substantially all of our car washes.  We expect to make substantial investments
in additional equipment and property for expansion, replacement of assets, and
in connection with future acquisitions.

Many of our car washes are encumbered by first mortgage loans.  Of the 55 car
washes owned and leased by us as of December 31, 2001, 26 properties secured
first mortgage loans totaling $33,906,997 and 29 were not encumbered.

We also own and operate five truck wash facilities.  We own all of the buildings
and equipment, except for the building in Amarillo, Texas, and lease the land
for all five of our truck wash facilities.  None of our five truck wash
properties was encumbered by debt as of December 31, 2001.

                                       11
<PAGE>

     Security Products Division Property. The operations of our Security
Products Division, including administration and sales, and all of its production
facilities are located in Bennington, Vermont. During 1999 we leased
approximately 44,000 square feet of space in a building from Vermont Mill
Properties, Inc. ("Vermont Mill") at a cost of $80,000.  Vermont Mill is
controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company and President of Mark
Sport.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The following discloses all pending litigation against Mace, other than routine
litigation that is incidental to the business, involving claims for damages in
excess of $1.2 million, which constitutes approximately ten (10%) percent of our
current assets at December 31, 2001, and also discloses the disposition of
claims previously disclosed.

In January 1994, a suit was filed by Carmeta Gentles on her own behalf and as
personal representative of the estate of Robert Gentles in Ontario Court
(General Division), Ontario, Canada, claiming intentional or negligent
manufacture and distribution of the Mark V Mace(R) brand defense spray unit and
that its contents contributed to the suffering and death of Robert Gentles while
in the Kingston Penitentiary in October 1993. The Company was added as a party
defendant on February 8, 1995.  The Company was recently dismissed from this
suit by Summary Judgement and no longer has any exposure to damages arising from
this suit.

In December 1999, the Company was named as a defendant in a suit filed in the
Supreme Court of New York by Janeen Johnson et. al.  The litigation concerns a
claim that a self-defense spray manufactured by us and used by a law enforcement
officer contributed to the suffering and death of Christopher Johnson.  We
forwarded the suit to our insurance carrier for defense.  We do not anticipate
that this claim will result in the payment of damages in excess of our insurance
coverage.

In October 2001, the Company was named as an additional party defendant in a
suit filed by Alan Berndt and Martha Berndt in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California.  The litigation alleges the Company was
responsible for personal injuries arising out of Mr. Berndt's use of a Gas
Launcher, which may have been manufactured or sold by the Company. We have
forwarded the suit to our insurance carrier for defense.  We do not anticipate
that this claim will result in the payment of damages in excess of our insurance
coverage.

Although the Company is not aware of any substantiated claim of permanent
personal injury from its products, the Company is aware of reports of incidents
in which, among other things, defense sprays: have been mischievously or
improperly used, in some cases by minors; have not been instantly effective; or
have been ineffective against enraged or intoxicated individuals. Incidents of
this type, or others, could give rise to product liability or other claims, or
to claims that past or future advertising, packaging or other practices should
be, or should have been, modified, or that regulation of products of this nature
should be extended or changed.

ITEM 4.       SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of Mace Security International, Inc. was
held on December 12, 2001.  The following proposals were submitted to a vote:
(i) to approve for a one-year term for the Election of Directors, expiring at
the next Annual Meeting, (ii) to ratify the appointment of Grant Thornton LLP as
Mace's independent auditors for fiscal year 2001.  Both proposals were adopted
by the shareholders.  The voting was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Votes With-                  Broker
                                   Votes For   held or Against  Abstentions  Non-Votes
                                   ----------  ---------------  -----------  ---------
<S>                                <C>         <C>              <C>          <C>
Directors:
- ----------
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.              21,524,790          149,984           --         --
Mark S. Alsentzer                  21,416,102          258,672           --         --
Jon E. Goodrich                    21,558,446          116,328           --         --
Robert M. Kramer                   21,524,890          149,884           --         --
Richard B. Muir                    21,574,790           99,884           --         --
Matthew J. Paolino                 21,524,790          149,984           --         --
Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.    21,574,790           99,984           --         --

Ratify appointment of Grant        21,584,740           83,774        6,260         --
   Thornton LLP
</TABLE>

                                       12
<PAGE>

Executive Officers of the Company

The following information is furnished in this Part I pursuant to Instruction 3
to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K:

There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers of the
Company except that Matthew J. Paolino is a brother to Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
The following table sets forth information regarding certain of our executive
officers.

  Name                     Age                       Position
  ----                     ---                       --------
  Louis D. Paolino, Jr...   45     Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief
                                     Executive Officer
  Robert M. Kramer.......   49     Executive Vice President, Chief Operating
                                     Officer, General Counsel, and Secretary
  Gregory M. Krzemien....   42     Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
  Ronald R. Pirollo......   43     Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate
                                     Controller
  Matthew J. Paolino.....   37     Vice President

  Louis D. Paolino, Jr. has served as the Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 1999. From June 1996 through
December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. Prior thereto, he was
President of Soil Remediation of Philadelphia, Inc., a company engaged in the
business of treating contaminated soil which was sold to USA Waste Services,
Inc., a waste management corporation, in September 1993. From September 1993 to
June 1996, Mr. Paolino served as a Vice President of USA Waste Services, Inc.
From November 1995 to January 1996, Mr. Paolino served on the Board of Directors
of Metal Management, Inc., formerly known as General Parametrics Corp., a
publicly traded company. Mr. Paolino received a B.S. in Civil Engineering from
Drexel University. Mr. Paolino is 45 years old.

  Robert M. Kramer has served as a director of the Company, and as Executive
Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of the Company since May 1999,
and as Chief Operating Officer since July 2000.  From June 1996 through December
1998, he served as General Counsel, Executive Vice President and Secretary of
Eastern Environmental Services, Inc.  Mr. Kramer is an attorney and has
practiced law since 1979 with various firms, including Blank Rome Comisky &
McCauley, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Arent Fox Kitner Poltkin & Kahn,
Washington, D.C.  From 1989 to December 2000, Mr. Kramer had been the sole
partner of Robert M. Kramer & Associates, P.C., a law firm which consisted of
three lawyers.  From December 1989 to December 1997, Mr. Kramer served on the
Board of Directors of American Capital Corporation, a registered securities
broker dealer.  Mr. Kramer received B.S. and J.D. degrees from Temple University
Law School.  Mr. Kramer is 49 years old.

  Gregory M. Krzemien has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of
the Company since May 1999.  From August 1992 through December 1998, he served
as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc.
From October 1988 to August 1992, Mr. Krzemien was a senior audit manager with
Ernst & Young LLP, and he held other positions with that firm since 1981.  Mr.
Krzemien received a B.S. degree in Accounting from the Pennsylvania State
University and is a certified public accountant.  Mr. Krzemien is 42 years old.

  Ronald R. Pirollo has served as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate
Controller of the Company since May 1999.  Mr. Pirollo served as Vice President
and Corporate Controller of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. from July 1997
to June 1999. Prior thereto, Mr. Pirollo was with Envirite Corporation for ten
years, where he served in various financial management positions including Vice
President - Finance.  Mr. Pirollo received a B.S. degree in Accounting from
Villanova University in 1981.  Mr. Pirollo is 43 years old.

  Matthew J. Paolino has served as a director and as a Vice President of the
Company since May 1999.  From 1996 to December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as a
director of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. as well as Vice President of
Risk Management, Asset Management and Special Waste Divisions of Eastern
Environmental Services, Inc.  From 1993 to 1996, Mr. Paolino served as Vice
President and General Manager - Soil Remediation Division of USA Waste Services,
Inc., which was acquired by Eastern in August 1997.  Mr. Paolino received a B.S.
degree in Civil Engineering from Villanova University in 1986 and a J.D. degree
from the Widener School of Law in 1994.  Mr. Paolino is the brother of Louis D.
Paolino, Jr., the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company.  Mr. Paolino is 37 years old.

                                       13
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

(a) Market Price and Dividends of the Registrant's Common Equity

Our common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market and quoted on the
Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol "MACE".  Common stock price
reflects inter-dealer quotations, does not include retail markups, markdowns or
commissions and does not necessarily represent actual transactions.

The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and low
sale prices per share for our common stock, as reported by Nasdaq.

                                     HIGH      LOW
                                    -------  -------

Year Ended December 31, 2000
     First Quarter...............   $  6.50  $  3.00
     Second Quarter..............    5.0625   1.1875
     Third Quarter...............    1.9375     1.00
     Fourth Quarter..............    1.5312    0.875
Year Ended December 31, 2001
     First Quarter...............   $ 1.344  $ 0.594
     Second Quarter..............      1.40    0.531
     Third Quarter...............      1.21     0.80
     Fourth Quarter..............      1.00     0.62
2002
     First Quarter...............   $  1.06  $  0.63
         (through March 6, 2002)

The closing price for our common stock on March 6, 2002 was $0.91.  For purposes
of calculating the aggregate market value of our shares of common stock held by
non-affiliates, as shown on the cover page of this report, it has been assumed
that all the outstanding shares were held by non-affiliates except for the
shares held by our directors and executive officers and stockholders owning 10%
or more of our outstanding shares.  However, this should not be deemed to
constitute an admission that all such persons are, in fact, non-affiliates of
the Company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed to be
affiliates of the Company.  Further information concerning ownership of our
securities by executive officers, directors and principal stockholders will be
included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

As of March 6, 2002, we had 204 holders of record and approximately 1,835
beneficial owners of our common stock.  We do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future and intend to retain all working capital and
earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the expansion of our
business.  Any future determination with respect to the payment of dividends
will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among
other things, our results of operations, financial condition and capital
requirements, the terms of any then existing indebtedness, general business
conditions, and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant.
Certain of our credit facilities prohibit or limit the payment of cash dividends
without prior bank approval.

(b) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

                                       14
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information below was derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this report and in reports we have previously filed with the SEC.
This information should be read together with those financial statements and the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  For more information regarding
this financial data, see the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations section also included in this report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Statement of Operations Data:                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     2001          2000          1999          1998         1997
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------
                                                                              (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                               <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Revenues:
 Car wash and detailing services                                  $    39,859   $    37,812   $    17,073   $    4,420   $    4,211
 Lube and other automotive services                                     4,487         4,869         2,693            -            -
 Fuel and merchandise sales                                             3,638         5,061         2,092          346          381
 Security product sales                                                     -             -         3,435        2,404        2,657
 Operating agreements                                                     240           261           463            -            -
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------
                                                                       48,224        48,003        25,756        7,170        7,249
Cost of revenues:
 Car wash and detailing services                                       27,417        26,856        11,137        2,599        2,605
 Lube and other automotive services                                     3,446         3,789         1,992            -            -
 Fuel and merchandise sales                                             3,234         4,472         1,708          238          271
 Security product sales                                                     -             -         1,818        1,230        1,645
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------
                                                                       34,097        35,117        16,655        4,067        4,521

Selling, general and administrative expenses                            7,366         7,303         5,753        1,873        1,421
Depreciation and amortization                                           2,813         2,467         1,096          715          931
Costs of terminated acquisitions                                          135           580             -            -            -
Merger costs                                                                -             -         1,875            -            -
Restructuring, asset write-downs and change in control charges              -           138         1,519            -            -
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------

Operating income (loss)                                                 3,813         2,398        (1,142)         515          376

Interest expense, net                                                  (2,885)       (3,013)       (1,033)        (285)        (445)
Other income                                                              514           408           205          284          173
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes            1,442          (207)       (1,970)         514          104

Income tax expense (benefit)                                              534           (66)         (619)           4            8
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------
Income (loss) from continuing operations                                  908          (141)       (1,351)         510           96


Discontinued Operations:
 (Loss) gain from discontinued operations, net of
    applicable income taxes                                                 -          (265)           91         (737)      (1,542)
 Gain on disposal of ICS, net of applicable
    income tax expense                                                      -           724             -            -            -
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------

Net income (loss)                                                 $       908   $       318   $    (1,260)  $     (227)  $   (1,446)
                                                                  ===========   ===========  ============   ==========   ==========

Basic income (loss) per share
 From continuing operations                                       $      0.04   $     (0.01)  $     (0.10)  $     0.06   $     0.01
 From discontinued operations                                               -          0.02             -        (0.09)       (0.18)
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------
 Total                                                            $      0.04   $      0.01   $     (0.10)  $    (0.03)  $    (0.17)
                                                                  ===========   ===========  ============   ==========   ==========
Weighted average number of shares outstanding                      25,448,564    24,476,842    13,159,154    8,341,747    8,274,643
                                                                  ===========   ===========  ============   ==========   ==========

Diluted income (loss) per share
 From continuing operations                                       $      0.04   $     (0.01)  $     (0.10)  $     0.06   $     0.01
 From discontinued operations                                               -          0.02             -        (0.09)       (0.18)
                                                                  -----------   -----------  ------------   ----------   ----------
 Total                                                            $      0.04   $      0.01   $     (0.10)  $    (0.03)  $    (0.17)
                                                                  ===========   ===========  ============   ==========   ==========
Weighted average number of shares outstanding                      25,484,245    24,476,842    13,159,154    8,364,106    8,274,643
                                                                  ===========   ===========  ============   ==========   ==========
Balance Sheet Data (at end of period):
Working capital (deficit)                                         $     4,809   $    (1,003)  $    (1,403)  $    5,761   $    2,949
Intangible assets, net                                            $    21,132   $    22,024   $    21,752   $    1,021   $    1,879
Total assets                                                      $   104,670   $   106,131   $    98,115   $   15,926   $   18,714
Long-term debt, including current maturities                      $    34,349   $    36,685   $    32,784   $    5,158   $    6,649
Stockholders' equity                                              $    63,856   $    62,877   $    56,568   $    9,316   $   10,097
</TABLE>

                                       15
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion reviews our operations for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2001, and should be read in conjunction with our
Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
herein.

The following discussion includes Forward Looking Statements. The accuracy of
such statements depends upon a variety of factors that may affect our business
and operations. Certain of these factors are discussed under Description of
Business -- Factors Influencing Future Results and Accuracy of Forward-Looking
Statements included in Item 1 of this report.

Introduction

Revenues

  Car Care Services

We own full service, exterior only and self-service car wash locations in New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Texas, Florida and Arizona as well as truck
washes in Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Texas.  We earn revenues from washing and
detailing automobiles; performing oil and lubrication services, minor auto
repairs, and state inspections; selling fuel; and selling merchandise through
convenience stores within the car wash facilities.  Revenues generated for the
year ended December 31, 2001 for the car care segment were comprised of
approximately 83% car wash and detailing, 9% lube and other automotive services,
8% fuel and merchandise.

The majority of our revenues are collected in the form of cash or credit card
receipts, thus minimizing customer accounts receivable.

Weather can have a significant impact on volume at the individual locations.
However, we believe that the geographic diversity of our operating locations
minimizes overall weather-related influence on our volume.

  Security Products

The Security Products Division manufactures and markets personal safety, and
home and auto security products.  These products are sold through retail stores,
major discount stores, and at our car care facilities.

Effective January 1, 2000, we entered into a Management Agreement, under which
we earn $20,000 per month, which allows Mark Sport, an entity controlled by Jon
E. Goodrich, a director of the Company, to operate the Security Products
Division.

  Computer Products and Services

Our computer products and services subsidiary, ICS, was sold in June of 2000 and
has accordingly been reflected as discontinued operations.

Cost of Revenues

  Car Care Services

Cost of revenues consists primarily of direct labor and related taxes and
benefits, chemicals, wash and detailing supplies, rent, real estate taxes,
utilities, maintenance and repairs of equipment and facilities, as well as the
cost of the fuel and merchandise sold.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of management,
clerical and administrative salaries, professional services, insurance premiums,
and costs relating to marketing and sales.

We capitalize direct incremental costs associated with purchase acquisitions.
Indirect acquisition costs, such as executive salaries, corporate overhead,
public relations, and other corporate services and overhead are expensed as
incurred.

                                       16
<PAGE>

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization consists primarily of depreciation of buildings
and equipment, and  amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets.
Buildings and equipment are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the
assets using the straight-line method.  Goodwill was amortized on a straight-
line basis over 25 years through December 31, 2001.  Other intangibles are
amortized over their useful lives ranging from three to twenty years, using the
straight line method.  With the adoption of SFAS 142 on January 1, 2002, we will
no longer amortize goodwill.

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

Our policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized expenditures
relating to proposed acquisitions that in our current opinion will not be
consummated.  At December 31, 2001, there were no capitalized costs related
directly to proposed acquisitions that were not yet consummated.  We
periodically review the future likelihood of these acquisitions and record
appropriate provisions against capitalized costs associated with projects that
are not likely to be completed.

Merger Costs

In connection with acquisitions accounted for under the pooling of interests
method, we recorded various merger costs. Merger costs consisted of transaction-
related expenses including deal costs, legal, accounting and other professional
and consulting fees, filing fees, external due diligence costs, contractual
costs, and finder fees as well as employee severance and termination costs.

Restructuring, Asset Write-Downs and Change in Control Charges

In conjunction with our 1999 change in control, we recorded costs relating to
restructuring of certain of our security products operations, abandoning certain
operations and assets, and incurring certain other change in control related
costs.  Additionally, in 2000, we wrote down the value of our Berlin, New Jersey
facility by $137,904 to reflect the sales price of those assets in January 2001.

Other Income and Expense

Other income and expense includes gains and losses on the sale of equipment and
rental income received on renting out excess space at our car wash facilities.

Income Taxes

Income tax expense (benefit) reflects the recording of income taxes at an
effective rate of 37%, 32% and 32% for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000
and 1999 , respectively.  The effective rate differs from the federal statutory
rate for each year primarily due to state and local income taxes, non-deductible
costs related to intangibles, the use of net operating loss carryforwards, fixed
asset adjustments and changes to the valuation allowance.

                                       17
<PAGE>

Results of Operations for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December
31, 2001

  The following table presents the percentage each item in the consolidated
statements of operations bears to total revenues:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                              --------------------------
                                                                2001     2000     1999
                                                              -------- -------- --------
      <S>                                                     <C>      <C>       <C>
      Revenues                                                  100.0%   100.0%   100.0%

      Cost of revenues                                           70.7     73.2     64.6

      Selling, general and administrative expenses               15.3     15.2     22.3

      Depreciation and amortization                               5.8      5.1      4.3

      Costs of terminated acquisitions                            0.3      1.2        -

      Merger costs                                                  -        -      7.3
      Restructuring, asset write-downs and change
       in control charges                                           -      0.3      5.9
                                                              -------  -------  -------
      Operating income (loss)                                     7.9      5.0     (4.4)

      Interest expense, net                                      (6.0)    (6.3)    (4.0)

      Other income                                                1.1      0.9      0.8
                                                              -------  -------  -------
      Income (loss) from continuing operations before income      3.0     (0.4)    (7.6)

      Income tax expense (benefit)                                1.1     (0.1)    (2.4)
                                                              -------  -------  -------
      Income (loss) from continuing operations                    1.9     (0.3)    (5.2)

      Discontinued operations                                       -      1.0      0.3
                                                              -------  -------  -------
      Net income (loss)                                           1.9%     0.7%    (4.9)%
                                                              =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>

Revenues

 Car Care Services

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2001 were $48.0 million as compared to
$47.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, an increase of $0.2 million
or 0.4%.  Of the $48.0 million of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2001,
$39.9 million or 83% was generated from car wash and detailing, $4.5 million or
9% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.6 million or 8% from fuel and
merchandise sales.  Of the $47.8 million of revenues for the year ended December
31, 2000, $37.8 million or 79% was generated from car wash and detailing, $4.9
million or 10% from lube and other automotive services, and  $5.1 million or 11%
from fuel and merchandise sales.  The net increase in total revenue in 2001 is
attributable to a full year of revenue earned at two car washes and five truck
washes we acquired during 2000; internal growth through a continued aggressive
focus on selling detailing and additional on-line car wash services which
increased the average wash and detailing revenue per car by 8.1% or $1.04 to
$13.90 in 2001, from $12.86 per car in 2000.  This increase was offset partially
by a reduction in wash volumes due to the divestiture of two car wash sites
during 2001, a temporary decrease in car wash volume in all of our regions due
to the terrorist attacks against the United States on September 11, 2001, and
slightly more rain and cloud days in certain of our operating regions in 2001.
In 2001, approximately 43.6% of our operating days within our markets were rainy
or cloudy as compared to 42.9% in 2000.  Additionally, we experienced an
approximate $1.8 million or 18% decline in lube services, fuel and merchandise
sales.  We discontinued the practice of providing a free wash to lube customers
resulting in decreased lube revenues but improved overall site gross margin
performance.  The decline in fuel and merchandise gross revenues is the result
of instituting certain minimum sale margin criteria which reduced gross fuel
sales and the sale of certain low margin merchandise.

During a portion of 2000 and 1999, we managed several car wash locations under
operating agreements, under which we were entitled to all profits generated from
the operation of those locations.  The income earned under the agreements is
shown as revenue net of related operating expenses.  Gross revenue generated by
the locations under operating agreements for 2000 and 1999 was $857,000 and
$10.1 million, respectively.  No locations were operated under operating
agreements during 2001.

                                       18
<PAGE>

Revenues for 2000 of $47.8 million were $25.5 million or 114% greater than
revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 of $22.3 million.  Of the $22.3
million of revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999, $17.1 million or 77%
was generated from car wash and detailing, $2.7 million or 12% from lube and
other automotive services,  $2.1 million or 9% from fuel and merchandise sales
and $462,000 or 2% from operating agreements.  Revenues for 1999, including
gross revenue generated by locations under operating agreements were $32.0
million consisting of $25.6 million, or 80%, from car wash and detailing, $3.3
million, or 10%, from lube and other automotive services, and $3.1 million, or
10%, from fuel and merchandise sales. This increase in total revenues was
primarily attributable to the 15 purchase acquisitions completed from May 1999
to December 31, 2000.  Revenue increases were also realized through internal
growth from selling detailing and additional on-line car wash services.

  Security Products

Pursuant to a Management Agreement, we earned $240,000 and $220,000 in 2001 and
2000, respectively.  These amounts are included under revenues from operating
agreements.  Revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999, prior to the
Management Agreement, were $3.4 million.

Cost of Revenues

  Car Care Services

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2001 were $34.1 million or 71%
of revenues with car washing and detailing costs at 69% of respective revenues,
lube and other automotive services costs at 77% of respective revenues, and fuel
and merchandise costs at 89% of respective revenues.  Cost of revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2000 were $35.1 million, or 73% of revenues with car
wash and detailing costs at 71% of respective revenues, lube and other
automotive services costs at 78% of respective revenues, and fuel and
merchandise costs at 88% of respective revenues.

With our increase in average wash and detailing revenues per car of $1.04 or
8.1% in 2001 and our continued emphasis on controlling direct labor and other
operating costs, we achieved improved wash and detailing gross margins in 2001.
Additionally, the overall gross profit margin improved in 2001 as compared to
2000 as a result of less fuel, merchandise and lube sales, which carry higher
costs as a percentage of revenues compared to wash and detail sales.

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 were $14.8 million, or 64%
of revenues.  However, because income earned under operating agreements is shown
as a net figure in revenue, already reduced by cost of revenues, the cost of
revenue percentage for this segment is better analyzed on a gross method.  With
revenues and cost of revenues for locations under operating agreement shown on a
gross basis, total cost of revenues for 1999 was $22.2 million or 69% of
revenues for this segment, with car wash and detailing costs at 66% of
respective revenues, lube and other automotive services costs at 78% of
respective revenues, and fuel and merchandise costs at 84% of respective
revenues.

The increase in cost of revenues as a percent of revenues in 2000 compared to
1999 is largely a result of certain direct labor inefficiencies present with
significant inclement weather combined with an increase in detailing services
which require more labor than wash services.  In 2000, approximately 42.9% of
our operating days within our markets were rainy or cloudy as compared to 33.9%
in 1999.  Additionally, significant time invested by us in 2000 on the
terminated Wash Depot acquisition, combined with certain turnover in our
regional management resulted in this increase in our labor expense and in labor
as a percent of revenues.

  Security Products

During 2001 and 2000, pursuant to a Management Agreement, no costs were incurred
by us.  Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999, prior to the
Management Agreement, were $1.8 million.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31,
2001 were $7,366,000 compared to $7,303,000 for the year ended December 31,
2000, an increase of $63,000, or 0.9%.  Most of this increase is a result of
SG&A costs incurred at the six additional locations acquired during 2000 and
three sites transitioned from operating agreements to being owned.  The

                                       19
<PAGE>

remainder of the increase is primarily the result of increases in advertising,
insurance costs and business taxes. This increase was partially offset by a
reduction of administrative costs as a result of efficiencies gained through
consolidating all of our regional back office activity into the Mt. Laurel, New
Jersey corporate office.

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31,
1999 were $5.8 million as compared to the $7.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2000, an increase of $1.5 million, or 26%.  The primary reason for
this increase is the infrastructure established during the 21 months ended
December 31, 2000 in order to effectively enter the car care industry and
execute our growth strategy.  These increased costs included accounting,
finance, legal and administrative costs necessary to integrate the acquisitions
consummated.  This increase is partially offset by cost controls placed on
previously private companies and favorable pricing for supplies, insurance,
other indirect costs due to economies of scale, and the elimination of costs at
our security products facility.

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization totaled $2.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2001 as compared to $2.5 million for the same period in 2000, an increase of
14%.  This increase is primarily the result of a full year of depreciation and
amortization in 2001 on assets acquired through acquisitions during 2000.  With
the adoption of SFAS 142 on January 1, 2002, we will no longer amortize
goodwill.  Goodwill amortization expense was approximately $889,000 in 2001.

Depreciation and amortization increased $1.4 million or 125% to $2.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to $1.1 million for the same period
in 1999.  This increase is the result of entering the car care industry, which
required a substantial investment in property and equipment.  Additionally,
certain acquisitions resulted in the recording of goodwill, which increased
amortization expense.  This increase was partially offset by the elimination of
expenses at our security products facility.

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

Our policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized expenditures
relating to proposed acquisitions that in our current opinion will not be
consummated.  During the year ended December 31, 2001, the costs of previously
capitalized expenditures related to proposed acquisitions totaled approximately
$135,000.  These costs, which principally related to several possible
acquisitions we pursued outside the car wash industry, are primarily related to
due diligence costs.  In 2000, costs of previously capitalized expenditures
principally related to the termination of the Planet Truck Wash acquisition and
acquisition related expenses associated with the proposed Wash Depot Holdings,
Inc. ("Wash Depot") merger.  We terminated the Wash Depot Merger Agreement on
September 30, 2000, as a result of certain conditions precedent to closing not
being satisfied by Wash Depot.  Of the $580,000 in costs of terminated
acquisitions in 2000, approximately $209,000 represented unrecoverable cash and
stock deposits and approximately $371,000 represented external incremental
transaction costs including legal, accounting, consulting and due diligence
costs.

Merger Costs

In 1999, we incurred approximately $225,000, $120,000, and $1,530,000 in merger-
related costs associated with the ICS, Classic, and Eager Beaver mergers,
respectively.  Merger costs consisted of transaction-related expenses of
$680,000 which includes deal costs, legal, accounting and other professional and
consulting fees, filing fees, external due diligence costs, contractual costs,
and finder fees as well as employee severance and termination costs which
totaled $1,195,000.  Additionally, tax provisions of  $96,000, and $50,000 were
recorded at the date of the mergers relating to net deferred tax liabilities
with respect to the termination of the previous S Corporation elections of
Classic and Eager Beaver, respectively.  This total of $146,000 was included
within the income tax benefit for 1999.

Restructuring, Asset Write-Downs and Change in Control Charges

In conjunction with the Company's 1999 change in control, we restructured
certain of our security products operations, abandoned certain operations and
assets, and incurred certain other change in control related costs.  A
restructuring, asset write-down and change in control charge totaling $1,519,000
was recorded in the second quarter ending June 30, 1999.  Of this charge,
$1,178,000 was non-cash in nature consisting of a $218,000 write-off of certain
assets as a result of abandoning certain product lines within our security
products segment; a $373,000 write-off of leasehold improvements related to our
plan to abandon a portion of our currently leased facilities in Vermont; and a
$587,000 non-cash compensation charge relating to the vesting of variable
options  to certain previous directors of the Company upon the Company's change
in control.  The remaining charge of approximately

                                       20
<PAGE>

$341,000 included certain severance costs accrued as well as legal, accounting
and other transaction costs related to the Company's change in control.
Additionally, in 2000, we wrote down the value of our Berlin, New Jersey
facility by $137,904 to reflect the sales price of those assets in January 2001.

Interest Expense, Net

Interest expense, net of interest income, for the year ended December 31, 2001,
was $2.9 million compared to $3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.
This is the result of additional interest expense on borrowings relating to
several acquisitions in the year ended December 31, 2000, and additional working
capital borrowings through a refinancing in the last quarter of 2000. This
increase was offset by a decrease in interest rates on approximately 50% of our
long term debt which has interest rates tied to the prime rate.

Interest expense, net of interest income, for the year ended December 31, 1999
was $1.0 million, compared to $3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.
This increase is principally the result of borrowings for acquisitions during
1999 and 2000.

Other Income and Expense

Other income for the year ended December 31, 2001 was $514,000 compared to
$408,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000, an increase of $106,000.  This
increase was primarily due to a pre-tax gain of approximately $216,000 on the
sale of our facility in Morrisville, Pennsylvania in 2001, offset partially by a
reduction in certain rental income in 2001.  Other income for the year ended
December 31, 1999 was $205,000 as compared to other income of $408,000 in 2000.
This increase in other income was due primarily to additional rental income
received from renting out excess space at wash facilities acquired during 1999
and 2000.

Income Taxes

We recorded income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations of $534,000,
$(66,000) and $(618,519) for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.  Income tax expense (benefit) reflects the recording of income
taxes at an effective rate of 37%, 32% and 32% for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999 , respectively.  The effective rate differs from the federal
statutory rate for each year primarily due to state and local income taxes, non-
deductible costs related to intangibles, the use of net operating loss
carryforwards, fixed asset adjustments and changes to the valuation allowance.

At December 31, 2001, we had approximately $12.7 million of net operating loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes.  Components of the net operating
loss carryforwards include $11.5 million from continuing operations and $1.2
million from acquired net operating losses attributable to the Colonial Full
Service Car Wash, Inc. acquisition.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our business requires substantial amounts of capital, most notably to pursue our
acquisition strategy and for equipment purchases and upgrades. We plan to meet
these capital needs from various financing sources, including borrowings,
internally generated funds, and the issuance of common stock as the market price
of our stock improves.  We estimate aggregate capital expenditures, exclusive of
acquisitions of businesses, of approximately $750,000 for the year ending
December 31, 2002.

As of December 31, 2001, we had working capital of approximately $4.8 million,
including cash and cash equivalents of $6.6 million.  For the year ended
December 31, 2001, net cash provided by operations was approximately $3.6
million, net cash used in financing activities was approximately $2.3 million
and net cash provided by investing activities was approximately $430,000
resulting in an increase in cash and cash equivalents for the year of
approximately $1.8 million.  Capital expended during the period included
$876,000 for the purchase of operating equipment and real estate.

At December 31, 2001, we had borrowings of approximately $34.3 million.  We had
two letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2001, totaling $625,000 as
collateral relating to worker compensation insurance policies.  We do not have a
revolving credit facility.

During 2001, we refinanced on a long term basis under favorable terms the
majority of our short term debt related to our 1999 and 2000 acquisitions.  In
February 2000, we entered into a $4.8 million term loan with Bank One, Texas, NA
("Bank One") to refinance the remaining balance of a short term promissory note
related to the Genie acquisition and entered into several new loan agreements
with Bank One to finalize the assumption of notes held by Bank One relating to
the Colonial acquisition.

                                       21
<PAGE>

Additionally, in November 2000, we entered into a $6.7 million three year term
note (15 year amortization basis) with Bank One to refinance a $1.3 million
convertible promissory note to Bullseye Properties assumed in connection with
the acquisition of Eager Beaver, a $2.1 million SouthTrust Bank note scheduled
to mature in May 2001, and a $1.0 million promissory note related to the Red
Baron Truck Wash acquisition. The Bank One term note also provided approximately
$800,000 for the purchase of the leased Beneva Car Wash property and
approximately $1.6 million of additional funding, net of loan closing costs, for
capital improvements and working capital.

We also had various other long term mortgage notes up for periodic review during
2001 which we have been successful in renewing.  Several of our debt agreements,
as amended, contain certain affirmative and negative covenants and require the
maintenance of certain levels of tangible net worth and the maintenance of
certain debt coverage ratios on an individual subsidiary and consolidated level.

On April 5, 2000, we executed a master facility agreement with Fusion Capital
Fund II, LLC ("Fusion") pursuant to which Fusion agreed to enter into up to two
equity purchase agreements, each with an aggregate principal amount of $12.0
million. The equity purchase agreements allow us to suspend the purchasing of
our common stock by Fusion if the price of our common stock is less than $7.00
per share.  We are currently not permitting the purchase of our common stock
under the equity purchase agreement due to the current low trading value of our
common stock and the potentially dilutive effect of such stock purchases.  If
and when we agree to the purchase of our stock, Fusion has the right to purchase
from us shares of common stock up to $12.0 million at a price equal to the
lesser of (1) 140% of the average of the closing bid prices for our common stock
during the 10 trading days prior to the date of the applicable equity purchase
agreement or $7.00, whichever is greater or (2) a price based upon the future
performance of the common stock, in each case without any fixed discount to the
market price.  As long as we have not suspended Fusion from purchasing our
stock, the equity purchase agreement requires that at the beginning of each
month, Fusion will pay us $1.0 million as partial prepayment for the common
stock.  Once the $1.0 million has been applied to purchase shares of our common
stock, Fusion will pay the remaining principal amount upon receipt of our common
stock.  The first equity purchase agreement was executed by Fusion on April 17,
2000.  Proceeds from purchased shares through December 31, 2001 totaled
approximately $1.3 million.  The first equity purchase agreement was extended to
February 20, 2003.  The second equity purchase agreement will be executed after
delivery of an irrevocable written notice by us to Fusion stating that we elect
to enter into such purchase agreement with Fusion. The second equity purchase
agreement may be entered into only after the principal amount under the first
equity purchase agreement is fully converted into our common stock.

Seasonality and Inflation

We believe that our car washing and detailing operations are adversely affected
by periods of inclement weather.  We have mitigated and intend to continue to
mitigate the impact of inclement weather through geographic diversification of
our operations.

We believe that inflation and changing prices have not had, and are not expected
to have any material adverse effect on our results of operations in the near
future.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

We are not materially exposed to market risks arising from fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices or equity prices.

Interest Rate Exposure

A significant portion of our debt is at fixed rates, and as such, changes in
market interest rates would not significantly impact operating results unless
and until such debt would need to be refinanced at maturity.  All of our
variable rate debt obligations are tied to the prime rate, as is our incremental
borrowing rate.  Therefore, a one percent increase in the prime rate would not
have a material effect on the fair value of our variable rate debt at December
31, 2001.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The reports of independent certified public accountants and Consolidated
Financial Statements are included in Part III, ITEM 14. of this Report beginning
on page F-1.

                                       22
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
         ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

In May 1999, we selected the international accounting firm of Ernst & Young LLP
to serve as our new independent accountants. The appointment of Ernst & Young
LLP as our independent auditors for the fiscal year 1999 was approved by our
Board of Directors and ratified at our Annual Meeting of the Stockholders held
on December 15, 1999.  Ernst & Young LLP issued an opinion with respect to the
audit of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 1998
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 1998, as
restated for three pooling of interest acquisitions completed in 1999. In
January 2000, we were advised that Ernst & Young LLP resigned as our independent
accountants due to a business conflict as a result of pending litigation between
two clients and the focus of part of that litigation on financial statements of
another client that Ernst & Young LLP audited.  The reports of Ernst & Young LLP
on the Company's consolidated financial statements as restated for the two years
ended December 31, 1998 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of
opinion, or modification or qualification as to uncertainty, audit scope or
accounting principles.  In connection with their audits, there have been no
disagreements between us and Ernst & Young LLP on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or
procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Ernst &
Young LLP, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on
the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for such years.

In January 2000, we selected the international accounting firm of Grant Thornton
LLP to serve as our new independent accountants for the audit of the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 1999.  On
December 12, 2001, the appointment of Grant Thornton LLP as continuing auditors
for the year ended December 31, 2001 was approved by our Board of Directors and
ratified by our Stockholders at the Annual Meeting.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information concerning directors appearing in the sections entitled
"Election of Directors" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our 2002 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders ("Proxy Statement") is incorporated herein by this reference. The
information concerning executive officers is set forth in Part I herein.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information contained in the section of the Proxy Statement entitled
"Compensation of Certain Executive Officers" is incorporated herein by this
reference.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information contained in the section of the Proxy Statement entitled
"Beneficial Ownership" is incorporated herein by this reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information contained in the section of the Proxy Statement entitled
"Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions" is incorporated herein by
this reference.

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements:
       Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000
       Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
       2001, 2000 and 1999
       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
       December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
       2001, 2000 and 1999
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                       23
<PAGE>

(a)(2) The requirements of Schedule II have been included in the notes to the
       financial statements. All other schedules for which provision is made in
       the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange
       Commission are not required under the related instructions or are
       inapplicable, and therefore, have been omitted.

(a)(3) Exhibits:

       The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report (exhibits marked
with an asterisk have been previously filed with the Commission and are
incorporated herein by this reference):

       (a) Exhibits:

  *3.1    Certificate of Incorporation of Mace Security International, Inc.
          (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter
          ended June 30, 1999 (the "June 30, 1999 Form 10-QSB"))
  *3.2    Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Mace
          Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 3.2 to the June 30, 1999 Form
          10-QSB)
  *3.3    Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mace Security International, Inc.
          (Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended
          December 31, 1999 (the "1999 Form 10-KSB"))
  *3.4    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Mace Security
          International, Inc. (Exhibit 3.4 to the 1999 Form 10-KSB)
  *3.5    Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of
          Incorporation of Mace Security International, Inc.
  *10.3   1993 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (1)
  *10.22  Trademarks(1)
  *10.28  Warrants in connection with the acquisition of the assets of the
          KinderGard Corporation(2)
  *10.34  Real Estate Purchase Agreement between Vermont Economic Development
          Authority and Mace Security International, Inc.(2)
  *10.66  Employment Agreement between the Company and Jon E. Goodrich effective
          as of September 1, 1998 (3)
  *10.67  Employment Agreement between the Company and Mark A. Capone effective
          as of September 17, 1998 (3)
  *10.68  Settlement Agreement between the Company and MSP Retail, Inc. dated
          December 2, 1998
  *10.69  Merger Agreement between Louis D. Paolino, Red Mountain Holding, Ltd.
          and Mace Security International, Inc. dated as of March 26, 1999 +
  *10.70  Stock purchase Agreement, between Louis Paolino, Jr. and Mace Security
          International, Inc. dated as of March 26, 1999
  *10.71  Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc. and
          Robert M. Kramer dated March 26, 1999 (3)
  *10.72  Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc. and
          Gregory M. Krzemien dated March 26, 1999 (3)
  *10.73  Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement between Louis D. Paolino, Red
          Mountain Holding, Ltd. and Mace Security International, Inc. dated
          April 13, 1999
  *10.74  Amendment No. 1 to Stock purchase Agreement, between Louis Paolino,
          Jr. and Mace Security International, Inc. dated April 13, 1999
  *10.75  Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of February 4, 1999, by and between
          Gary Higgins, Rosario Higgins, Rosa Maria Dietrich, Rainer Dietrich,
          Amy Schmadeke, Elisa Rauch and Gunter Rauch and American Wash
          Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-
          K dated May 17, 1999 (the "May 17, 1999 Form 8-K"))+
  *10.76  Amendment Number One to Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 1, 1999,
          between Gary Higgins, Rosario Higgins, Rosa Maria Dietrich, Rainer
          Dietrich, Amy Schmadeke, Elisa Rauch, Gunter Rauch and Steven Sims and
          American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.2 to the May 17, 1999 Form 8-
          K)
  *10.77  Assignment dated May 17, 1999 between Mace Security International,
          Inc., Mace Anti Crime Bureau, Inc., and American Wash Services, Inc.
          (Exhibit 2.3 to the May 17, 1999 Form 8-K)

  *10.78  Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated July 8, 1998 between
          Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care Center, Inc., Genie Car
          Service Center, Inc., and Cornett Limited Partnership and Millennia
          Car Wash Group LLC. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on
          Form 8-K dated May 18, 1999 (the "May 18, 1999 Form 8-K")) +

                                       24
<PAGE>

*10.79    First Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement effective
          July 8, 1998 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care
          Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc., and Cornett Limited
          Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group LLC (Exhibit 2.2 to the May
          18, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.80    Second Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement effective
          April 29, 1999 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care
          Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc., and Cornett Limited
          Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group LLC. (Exhibit 2.3 to the May
          18, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.81    Third Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement effective
          May 17, 1999 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care
          Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc., and Cornett Limited
          Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group LLC. (Exhibit 2.4 to the May
          18, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.82    Fourth Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement effective
          May 18, 1999 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care
          Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc., and Cornett Limited
          Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group LLC. (Exhibit 2.5 to the May
          18, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.83    Promissory Note in the amount of $4,750,000 by Mace Car Wash-Arizona,
          Inc., dated May 18, 1999, payable to Mike W. Cornett as collecting
          agent for Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care Center, Inc.,
          Genie Car Service Center, Inc. and Cornett Limited Partnership.
          (Exhibit 2.6 to the May 18, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.84    Security Agreement dated May 18, 1999 between Mace Car Wash-Arizona,
          Inc. and Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care Center, Inc.,
          Genie Car Service Center, Inc. and Cornet Limited Partnership.
          (Exhibit 2.7 to the May 18, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.85    Agreement of Sale dated as of April 22, 1999 by and among Gabe
          Kirikian and Alice Kirikian, Gabe's Plaza Car Wash, Inc. and Red
          Mountain Holdings, Ltd. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report
          on Form 8-K dated June 1, 1999 (the "June 1, 1999 Form 8-K")) +
*10.86    First Amendment to Agreement of Sale dated as of May 10, 1999 by and
          among Gabe Kirikian and Alice Kirikian, Gabe's Plaza Car Wash, Inc.
          and Red Mountain Holdings, Ltd. (Exhibit 2.2 to the June 1, 1999 Form
          8-K)
*10.87    Assignment dated May 17, 1999 between Mace Security International,
          Inc. and Red Mountain Holdings, Inc. (Exhibit 2.3 to the June 1, 1999
          Form 8-K)
*10.88    Agreement of Sale dated as of April 23, 1999 by and among American
          Wash Services, Inc. and Mario DeBerardinis and Jennifer DeBerardinis.
          (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June
          22, 1999 (the "June 22, 1999 Form 8-K")) +
*10.89    Assignment dated June 15, 1999 between Mace Security International,
          Inc. and American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.2 to the June 22,
          1999 Form 8-K)
*10.90    Merger Agreement dated as of March 26, 1999 between Louis D. Paolino,
          Jr. and Red Mountain Holding, Ltd. on the one hand, and Mace Security
          International, Inc. on the other hand. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's
          Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 1, 1999 (the "July 1, 1999 AWS
          Form 8-K")) +
*10.91    Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement dated as of April 13, 1999.
          (Exhibit 2.2 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
*10.92    Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement dated as of May 24, 1999.
          (Exhibit 2.3 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
*10.93    The Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of March 26, 1999 between Louis
          D. Paolino, Jr. and Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.4 to
          the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K) +
*10.94    Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of April 13,
          1999. (Exhibit 2.5 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
*10.95    Amendment No. 2 to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 24,
          1999 (Exhibit 2.6 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
*10.96    The Real Estate and Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of March 8,
          1999, among Stephen B. Properties, Inc., Stephen Bulboff, and American
          Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on
          Form 8-K dated July 1, 1999 (the "July 1, 1999 Form 8-K")) +
*10.97    Lease Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated July 1, 1999 among
          Mace Wash, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mace Security
          International, Inc., Stephen B. Properties, Inc., Stephen Bulboff and
          American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.2 to the July 1, 1999)
*10.98    Mace Security International, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan (3)
*10.99    Operating Agreement between Millennia Car Wash, LLC, Excel Legacy
          Corporation and G II Ventures, LLC and Mace Car Wash, Inc.
*10.100   Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc. and
          Louis D. Paolino, Jr.(3)
*10.101   Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc. and
          Michael Fazio(3)
*10.102   Stock Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreement dated June 23, 1999 among
          Mace Security International, Inc. and the Environmental Opportunities
          Fund II, L.P. and Environmental Opportunities Fund II (Institutional),
          L.P.

                                       25
<PAGE>

*10.103  Stock Purchase Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of June 1,
         1999, by and between Kevin Detrick, Brian Bath, Michael Ruiz, and
         Francis Janoski on the one hand, and Mace Security International, Inc.
         on the other hand. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form
         8-K dated July 9, 1999) +
*10.104  Stock Exchange Agreement dated as of August 13, 1999, by and between
         Joe Crawford, Ron Clark, Robert Duggan, Jr., and First National Bank of
         Abilene, as Trustee of the Wayne V. Ramsey, Jr., and Mira Marie Ramsey
         Family Trust No. 2 on the one hand, and Mace Security International,
         Inc. on the other hand. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on
         Form 8-K dated August 25, 1999) +
*10.105  Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as of May 11, 1999,
         between The Manus Group, Inc. and Mace Car Wash, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to
         the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 24, 1999) +
*10.106  Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as of August 26, 1998,
         between Quaker Car Wash, Inc. and Millennia Car Wash, LLC. (Exhibit 2.1
         to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 9, 1999
         (the "September 9, 1999 Form 8-K")) +
*10.107  Amendment one of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of November 23, 1998. (Exhibit 2.2 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.108  Amendment two of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of January 6, 1999. (Exhibit 2.3 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.109  Amendment three of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of February 26, 1999. (Exhibit 2.4 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.110  Amendment four of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of April 7, 1999. (Exhibit 2.5 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.111  Amendment five of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of May 10, 1999.  (Exhibit 2.6 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.112  Amendment six of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of June 25, 1999. (Exhibit 2.7 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.113  Amendment seven of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of August 13, 1999. (Exhibit 2.8 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.114  Amendment eight of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as
         of August 27, 1999. (Exhibit 2.9 to the September 9, 1999 Form 8-K)
*10.115  Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of June 21, 1999, by and between Ken
         H. Bachman, as Trustee under the Kenneth H. Bachman Revocable Trust
         under agreement dated September 12, 1994, Claudia Bachman, as Trustee
         under the Claudia Bachman Revocable Trust under agreement dated
         September 12, 1994, Carolyn Schmidt, Daniel Warmbier, and Diane
         Warmbier on the one hand, and Mace Security International, Inc. on the
         other hand. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
         dated September 9, 1999) +
*10.116  Stock Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreement dated September 8, 1999
         among Mace Security International, Inc. and Park Equity Partners
*10.117  Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as of April 20, 1999,
         between White Glove Partnership and Mace Wash, Inc., a wholly owned
         subsidiary of Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the
         Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 18, 1999) +
*10.118  Amendment one of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as of
         April 20, 1999 (Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
         dated October 18, 1999)
*10.119  Real Estate and Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 30, 1999, by and
         among Millennia Car Wash, LLC, Excel Legacy Corporation and G II
         Ventures, LLC, and Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to
         the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 29, 1999) +
*10.120  Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 1999 by and among Millennia Car
         Wash, LLC, Excel Legacy Corporation and G II Ventures, LLC, and Mace
         Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's Current
         Report on Form 8-K dated October 29, 1999) +
*10.121  Closing letter to Real Estate and Asset Purchase Agreement dated March
         30, 1999 as amended. (Exhibit 2.3 to the Company's Form 8-K dated
         October 29, 1999)
*10.122  Agreement of Sale dated as of August 31, 1999, by and among Cherry Hill
         Car Wash, Inc., 1505 Associates General Partnership, Henry Gorenstein
         and Joan Rambler, and Mace Car Wash, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
         Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-
         K dated December 29, 1999) +
*10.123  Loan Agreement and Promissory Note dated February 17, 2000, between the
         Company, its subsidiary Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc. and Bank One,
         Texas, NA
*10.124  Business Loan Agreement dated January 31, 2000, between the Company,
         its subsidiary - Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank One,
         Texas, N.A.; Promissory Note dated February 2, 2000 between the same
         parties as above in the amount of $400,000 (pursuant to instruction 2
         to Item 601 of Regulation S-B, two additional Promissory Notes, which
         are substantially identical in all material respects except as to the
         amount of the

                                       26
<PAGE>

         Promissory Notes) are not being filed in the amount of: $19,643.97 and
         $6,482; and a Modification Agreement dated as of January 31, 2000
         between the same parties as above in the amount of $110,801.55
         (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-B, Modification
         Agreements, which are substantially identical in all material respects
         except to the amount of the Modification Agreement) are not being filed
         in the amounts of: $39,617.29, $1,947,884.87, $853,745.73, and
         $1,696,103.31.
 *10.125 Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of January 24, 2000, by and among
         James Grandlich, Raymond Grandlich, and Arthur Grandlich, residents of
         the state of Arizona, Red Baron Truck Washes, Inc. and Mace Truck Wash,
         Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Mace Security International, Inc.
         (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March
         24, 2000).+
 *10.126 Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated March 8, 2000, by and
         among Wash Depot Holdings, Inc., Mace Security International, Inc., and
         Mace Holdings, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Mace Security
         International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on
         Form 8-K dated April 27, 2000).+
 *10.127 Acknowledgment of Schedules and Clarification of Certain Provisions of
         Merger Agreement dated April 27, 2000 (Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's
         Current Form on 8-K dated April 27, 2000).
 *10.128 Form of Equity Purchase Agreement to be issued by Mace to Fusion
         Capital (included as Exhibit A to Master Facility Agreement in Exhibit
         10.1 of S-3) (Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Form on S-3 dated
         April 11, 2000).
 *10.129 Master Facility Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2000, between Mace and
         Fusion Capital (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Form on S-3 dated
         April 11, 2000).
 *10.130 Loan Agreement and Promissory Note dated November 28, 2000, between the
         Company, its subsidiary Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc. and Bank One,
         Texas, N.A. in the amount of $6,754,400.
 *10.131 Lease Agreement dated August 1, 2000 among Mace Security International,
         Inc. and Bluepointe, Inc.
 *10.132 Amendment dated March 13, 2001, to Business Loan Agreement between the
         Company, its subsidiary Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank
         One, Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation
         S-B, two additional amendments which are substantially identical in all
         material respects, except as to the borrower being Eager Beaver Car
         Wash, Inc. and Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc., are not being filed).
 *10.133 Modification Agreement between the Company, its subsidiary - Colonial
         Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of
         $2,216,000 (pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K,
         Modification Agreements, which are substantially identical in all
         material respects except to amount and extension date of the
         Modification Agreement are not being filed in the original amounts of
         $984,000 (extended to August 20, 2004) and $1,970,000 (extended to June
         21, 2004)).
 *10.134 Term Note dated November 6, 2001, between the Company, its subsidiary,
         Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the
         amount of $380,000.
  10.135 Amendment dated February 21, 2002 to Management Agreement between the
         Company and Mark Sport, Inc. and original Management Agreement dated
         February 1, 2000 to which the amendment relates.
  10.136 Amendment dated February 25, 2002 to Lease Agreement between the
         Company and Vermont Mill Properties, Inc. and original Lease Agreement
         dated November 15, 1999 to which the amendment relates.
  10.137 Promissory Note between the Company and Vermont Mill Properties,
         Inc. dated February 22, 2002 in the amount of $228,671.
  10.138 Extension dated February 6, 2002 of Equity Purchase Agreement
         between the Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.

  11     Statement Re: Computation of Per Share Earnings
  21     Subsidiaries of the Company
  23.1   Consent of Grant Thornton LLP
  24     Power of Attorney (included on signature page)
___________________

  * Incorporated by reference
  + Schedules and other attachments to the indicated exhibit have been omitted.
    The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the Commission upon request
    a copy of any omitted schedules or attachments.

  (1)    Incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number filed with
         the Company's registration statement on Form SB-2 (33-69270) that was
         declared effective on November 12, 1993.
  (2)    Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-QSB report for the
         quarter ended 9/30/94 filed on November 14, 1994. It should be noted
         that Exhibits 10.25 through 10.34 were previously numbered 10.1 through
         10.10 in that report.
  (3)    Indicates a management contract or compensation plan or arrangement.

                                       27
<PAGE>

(b) Current Reports on Form 8-K or 8-K/A:

     None.

                                       28
<PAGE>

                                  SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

   MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.

   By:  /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
      ------------------------------
   Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
   Chairman of the Board,
   Chief Executive Officer,
   and President

DATED the 11/th/ day of March, 2002.

   KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned does hereby constitute
and appoint Louis D. Paolino, Jr. and Gregory M. Krzemien, or either of them
acting alone, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of
substitution and revocation for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities, to sign this Report on Form 10-K of Mace Security International,
Inc. and any and all amendments to the Report and to file the same with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done as fully to all intents and purposes as he
might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated:

Name                                            Title                   Date
- ----                                            -----                   ----

/s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.              Chairman of the Board,          3/11/02
- -------------------------------------  Chief Executive Officer,
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                  President and Director
                                       (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Robert M. Kramer                   Executive Vice President,       3/11/02
- -------------------------------------  Chief Operating Officer,
Robert M. Kramer                       General Counsel, Secretary
                                       and Director


/s/ Gregory M. Krzemien                Chief Financial Officer         3/11/02
- -------------------------------------  and Treasurer (Principal
Gregory M. Krzemien                    Financial Officer)


/s/ Ronald R. Pirollo                  Chief Accounting Officer and    3/11/02
- -------------------------------------  Corporate Controller (Principal
Ronald R. Pirollo                      Accounting Officer)


/s/ Matthew J. Paolino                 Vice President and Director     3/11/02
- -------------------------------------
Matthew J. Paolino

/s/ Jon E. Goodrich                    Director                        3/11/02
- -------------------------------------
Jon E. Goodrich

/s/ Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.    Director                        3/11/02
- -------------------------------------
Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.

/s/ Mark S. Alsentzer                  Director                        3/11/02
- -------------------------------------
Mark S. Alsentzer

/s/ Richard B. Muir                    Director                        3/11/02
- -------------------------------------
Richard B. Muir

                                       29
<PAGE>

                       Mace Security International, Inc.
                       Consolidated Financial Statements
                 Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999



                                   Contents


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants..............  F-2

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
- -----------------------------------------

Consolidated Balance Sheets.....................................  F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations...........................  F-5

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity.................  F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows...........................  F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements......................  F-8
</TABLE>

                                      F-1
<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


Shareholders and Board of Directors
Mace Security International, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mace Security
International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Mace Security
International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their consolidated cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.


/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 22, 2002

                                      F-2
<PAGE>

              Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                          Consolidated Balance Sheets




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            ASSETS                                            December 31
                                                                  -----------------------------------
                                                                      2001                  2000
                                                                  ------------         --------------
<S>                                                               <C>                  <C>
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                      $  6,611,566         $   4,838,023
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
     accounts of $178,086 and $260,825 in 2001 and 2000,
      respectively                                                   1,075,443               737,547

   Inventories                                                       2,275,075             2,256,477
   Deferred income taxes                                               144,614               118,575
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                         2,218,514             2,699,996
                                                                  ------------         -------------
Total current assets                                                12,325,212            10,650,618

Property and equipment:
   Land                                                             32,592,390            32,597,872
   Buildings and leasehold improvements                             36,314,889            36,739,752
   Machinery and equipment                                           8,775,639             8,223,801
   Furniture and fixtures                                              431,143               257,549
                                                                  ------------         -------------
Total property and equipment                                        78,114,061            77,818,974
Accumulated depreciation and amortization                           (7,204,187)           (5,423,330)
                                                                  ------------         -------------
                                                                    70,909,874            72,395,644


Excess of cost over net assets of acquired businesses, net of
   accumulated amortization of $2,031,413 and $1,143,239 in
   2001 and 2000, respectively                                      20,138,793            20,881,085

Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization
   of $1,384,362 and $1,223,702 in 2001 and 2000, respectively         993,537             1,142,485

Other assets                                                           302,590             1,061,596
                                                                  ------------         -------------
Total assets                                                      $104,670,006         $ 106,131,428
                                                                  ============         =============
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                       December 31,
                                                                        ------------------------------------
                                                                            2001                 2000
                                                                        ------------         ------------
<S>                                                                     <C>                  <C>
Current liabilities:
   Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations      $  2,514,067         $  6,322,263
   Accounts payable                                                        2,445,998            2,821,752
   Income taxes payable                                                      173,444              190,127
   Deferred revenue                                                          257,415              315,743
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                          2,125,221            2,003,370
                                                                        ------------         ------------
Total current liabilities                                                  7,516,145           11,653,255

Deferred income taxes                                                        638,011              272,473
Long-term debt, net of current portion                                    31,569,556           30,094,300
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion                            265,234              268,455
Other liabilities                                                            825,000              965,625

Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $.01 par value:
     Authorized shares - 10,000,000
     Issued and outstanding shares - none                                          -                    -
   Common stock, $.01 par value:
     Authorized shares - 100,000,000
     Issued shares of 25,428,427 and
        25,480,590 in 2001 and 2000, respectively                            254,284              254,806

   Additional paid-in capital                                             69,976,698           69,905,062
   Accumulated deficit                                                    (6,374,922)          (7,282,548)
                                                                        ------------         ------------
Total stockholders' equity                                                63,856,060           62,877,320
                                                                        ------------         ------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                              $104,670,006         $106,131,428
                                                                        ============         ============
</TABLE>


                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>

              Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                     Consolidated Statements of Operations

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                          ------------------------------------------
                                                                               2001          2000           1999
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
Revenues:
 Car wash and detailing services                                          $ 39,859,473   $ 37,811,611   $ 17,073,284
 Lube and other automotive services                                          4,487,028      4,869,506      2,692,532
 Fuel and merchandise sales                                                  3,637,954      5,061,351      2,092,082
 Security product sales                                                              -              -      3,435,312
 Operating agreements                                                          240,000        260,756        462,582
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
                                                                            48,224,455     48,003,224     25,755,792
Cost of revenues:
 Car wash and detailing services                                            27,417,041     26,855,854     11,136,729
 Lube and other automotive services                                          3,446,181      3,789,164      1,992,025
 Fuel and merchandise sales                                                  3,234,258      4,472,026      1,707,925
 Security product sales                                                              -              -      1,818,316
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
                                                                            34,097,480     35,117,044     16,654,995

Selling, general and administrative expenses                                 7,366,409      7,302,912      5,753,194
Depreciation and amortization                                                2,812,887      2,467,217      1,095,517
Costs of terminated acquisitions                                               134,759        580,000              -
Merger costs                                                                         -              -      1,875,000

Restructuring, asset write-downs and change in control charges                       -        137,904      1,519,000
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------

Operating income (loss)                                                      3,812,920      2,398,147     (1,141,914)

Interest expense, net                                                       (2,885,455)    (3,012,686)    (1,033,564)
Other income                                                                   514,161        407,618        205,465
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                 1,441,626       (206,921)    (1,970,013)

Income tax expense (benefit)                                                   534,000        (66,000)      (618,519)
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations                                       907,626       (140,921)    (1,351,494)

Discontinued Operations:

 (Loss) gain from discontinued operations, net of applicable
 income tax benefit of $130,000 in 2000 and income tax expense of
 $30,000 in 1999                                                                     -       (264,601)        91,379

 Gain on disposal of ICS, net of $107,000 of applicable income tax
 expense                                                                             -        723,581              -
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------

Net income (loss)                                                         $    907,626   $    318,059   $ (1,260,115)
                                                                          ============   ============   ============

Basic income (loss) per share
 From continuing operations                                               $       0.04   $      (0.01)  $      (0.10)
 From discontinued operations                                                        -           0.02              -
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
 Total                                                                    $       0.04   $       0.01   $      (0.10)
                                                                          ============   ============   ============
Weighted average number of shares outstanding                               25,448,564     24,476,842     13,159,154
                                                                          ============   ============   ============

Diluted income (loss) per share
 From continuing operations                                               $       0.04   $      (0.01)  $      (0.10)
 From discontinued operations                                                        -           0.02              -
                                                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
 Total                                                                    $       0.04   $       0.01   $      (0.10)
                                                                          ============   ============   ============
Weighted average number of shares outstanding                               25,484,245     24,476,842     13,159,154
                                                                          ============   ============   ============
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>

              Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Additional
                                                 Common       Common       Paid-in      Accumulated    Treasury
                                                 Shares       Stock        Capital        Deficit       Stock         Total
                                              -----------    --------    -----------    -----------    --------    -----------
<S>                                            <C>          <C>         <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>
Balance at December 31, 1998................    8,179,620    $ 81,796    $14,272,243    $(4,985,528)   $(52,388)   $ 9,316,123
Exercise of common stock options
 and warrants...............................    1,305,746      13,057      2,135,704              -           -      2,148,761
Proceeds from sale of common stock,
 less commissions and issuance..............                                                                  -
  expenses of $457,201......................    6,295,558      62,956     14,191,468              -                 14,254,424
Common stock issued in purchase
 acquisitions...............................    7,010,500      70,105     26,650,515              -           -     26,720,620
Warrants issued in purchase
 acquisitions...............................            -           -      5,176,400              -           -      5,176,400
Effect of variable options vesting on
 change of control..........................            -           -        587,000              -           -        587,000
Options issued for consulting
 services...................................            -           -         26,875              -           -         26,875
Common stock issued for consulting
 services...................................        4,444          44         26,620              -           -         26,664
Stock issued to satisfy debt obligation.....       25,807         258        251,358              -           -        251,616
Income tax benefit from exercise of
 non-qualified stock options................            -           -        674,424              -           -        674,424
Transactions of pooled companies............            -           -              -        (76,732)          -        (76,732)
Dividends paid to former stockholders
 of pooled companies........................            -           -              -     (1,278,232)          -     (1,278,232)
Net loss....................................            -           -              -     (1,260,115)          -     (1,260,115)
                                              -----------    --------    -----------    -----------    --------    -----------
Balance at December 31, 1999................   22,821,675     228,216     63,992,607     (7,600,607)    (52,388)    56,567,828
Sale of common stock less
 commissions and issuance expenses
  of $158,220...............................    1,626,159      16,262      1,531,053              -           -      1,547,315
Exercise of common stock options
 and warrants...............................       43,750         438         80,779              -           -         81,217
Common stock issued in purchase
 acquisitions...............................    1,277,300      12,773      4,667,775              -           -      4,680,548
Common stock issued for services............       40,000         400        199,600              -           -        200,000
Common stock issued to satisfy debt
 obligation.................................      106,985       1,070        385,787              -           -        386,857
Common stock issued for debt
 guarantee..................................       19,521         195         68,129              -           -         68,324
Cancellation of shares received from
 sale of ICS................................     (450,000)     (4,500)    (1,008,000)             -           -     (1,012,500)
Shares purchased and retired................       (4,800)        (48)        (5,445)             -           -         (5,493)
Treasury shares retired.....................            -           -        (52,388)             -      52,388              -
Income tax benefit from exercise of
 non-qualified stock options................            -           -         45,165              -           -         45,165
Net income..................................            -           -              -        318,059           -        318,059
                                              -----------    --------    -----------    -----------    --------    -----------
Balance at December 31, 2000................   25,480,590     254,806     69,905,062     (7,282,548)          -     62,877,320
Common stock issued in purchase
 acquisitions...............................       26,137         261        157,720              -           -        157,981
Shares purchased and retired................      (78,300)       (783)       (86,084)             -           -        (86,867)
Net income..................................            -           -              -        907,626           -        907,626
                                              -----------    --------    -----------    -----------    --------    -----------
Balance at December 31, 2001................   25,428,427    $254,284    $69,976,698    $(6,374,922)   $      -    $63,856,060
                                              ===========    ========    ===========    ===========    ========    ===========
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>

              Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                                    ----------------------------------------
                                                                                        2001          2000           1999
                                                                                    ----------     ----------     ----------
<S>                                                                                 <C>           <C>           <C>
Operating activities
Income (loss) from continuing operations                                            $   907,626   $  (140,921)  $ (1,351,494)
Discontinued operations, net of income tax                                                    -       458,980         91,379
                                                                                    -----------   -----------   ------------
Net income (loss)                                                                       907,626       318,059     (1,260,115)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
 to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
         Depreciation and amortization                                                2,812,887     2,467,217      1,095,517
         Provision for losses on receivables                                             39,918        24,772        154,465
         Write-down of assets                                                                 -       137,904              -
         (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment                             (215,891)       16,241         (5,655)
         Deferred income taxes                                                          339,499      (248,857)      (716,172)
         Non-cash portion of restructuring and change in control charges                      -             -      1,178,000
         Net gain on sale of ICS, including cash surrendered                                  -      (975,199)             -
         Non-cash expenses of discontinued operations                                         -        24,206         48,122
         Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
            Accounts receivable                                                          29,908       957,768       (425,706)
            Inventory                                                                    80,775        89,667       (407,962)
            Accounts payable                                                           (376,411)     (278,566)     1,020,923
            Deferred revenue                                                            (63,113)     (104,313)         5,571
            Accrued expenses                                                            105,610      (609,832)      (900,799)
            Income taxes                                                                (16,683)      (69,598)       118,837
            Prepaid expenses and other assets                                            (3,146)     (409,399)    (1,235,058)
            Discontinued operations                                                           -             -        326,835
            Other                                                                        (4,019)            -        (76,732)
                                                                                    -----------   -----------   ------------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                   3,636,960     1,340,070     (1,079,929)

Investing activities
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                               -       (25,000)   (11,239,410)
Purchase of property and equipment                                                     (876,420)   (1,344,060)    (2,301,204)
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                          1,326,825        15,468         14,850
Payments for intangibles                                                                (20,464)     (567,215)      (143,789)
Payments received on notes receivable from shareholder                                        -             -        903,547
Deposits and other prepaid costs on future acquisitions                                       -       233,073     (1,098,560)
                                                                                    -----------   -----------   ------------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                     429,941    (1,687,734)   (13,864,566)

Financing activities
Proceeds from long term debt and capital lease obligations                                3,191     9,947,119        112,681
Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations                             (2,209,682)   (8,705,275)    (1,979,894)
Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs                                 -     1,628,532     15,743,185
Payments to purchase stock                                                              (86,867)       (5,493)             -
Net payments on note payable to shareholder                                                   -             -         (5,136)
Dividends paid to former stockholders of pooled companies                                     -             -     (1,278,232)
                                                                                    -----------   -----------   ------------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                  (2,293,358)    2,864,883     12,592,604
                                                                                    -----------   -----------   ------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                  1,773,543     2,517,219     (2,351,891)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                        4,838,023     2,320,804      4,672,695
                                                                                    -----------   -----------   ------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                            $ 6,611,566   $ 4,838,023   $  2,320,804
                                                                                    ===========   ===========   ============
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>

              Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1.    Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Mace
Security International, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively,
"the Company").  All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial
position and results of operations of: (i) Mace Security International, Inc.
(prior to combination), (ii) 50's Classic Car Wash and CRCD, Inc. (collectively,
"Classic") which was acquired on August 25, 1999, and (iii) Eager Beaver Car
Wash, Inc. ("Eager Beaver") which was acquired on September 9, 1999.  These
transactions were accounted for as poolings of interests.


                                              Year Ended December 31, 1999
                                              ----------------------------
                                                 Revenue      Percentage
                                              ------------- --------------
      Mace (prior to combination for
         pooling of interest acquisitions)     $20,558,041         80%
      Classic                                      892,158          3%
      Eager Beaver                               4,305,593         17%
                                              ------------  ---------
                                               $25,755,792        100%
                                              ============  =========

2.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

The Company currently operates in one business segment: the Car Care segment,
supplying complete car care and truck wash services (including wash, detailing,
lube, and minor repairs).  The Company's car care operations are principally
located in Texas, Arizona, Florida, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Indiana
and Ohio.  During 1999 the Company also operated in two additional business
segments: security product sales and computer products and services. The
Company's security products and computer products and services provided products
and services to various locations throughout the United States.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue from the Company's Car Care segment is recognized, net of customer
coupon discounts, when services are rendered or fuel or merchandise is sold.

During 1999, revenue from the Company's Security Products sales segment was
recognized when shipments were made, or for export sales when title had passed.
The Company was paid $20,000 per month, beginning in February 2000, under an
agreement which allowed Mark Sport, an entity controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a
director of the Company, to operate the Company's Security Products Division.
This amount is included under revenues from operating agreements.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid short-term
investments with original maturities of three months or less, and credit card
deposits which are converted into cash within two to three business weeks.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Cost is determined using
the first-in first-out (FIFO) method for security and car care products.
Inventories at the Company's Car Care locations consist of various chemicals and
cleaning supplies used in operations and merchandise and fuel for resale to
consumers.

                                      F-8
<PAGE>

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Depreciation is recorded using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are
generally as follows: buildings and leasehold improvements - 15 to 40 years;
machinery and equipment -2 to 20 years; and furniture and fixtures - 5 to 10
years.  Significant additions or improvements extending assets' useful lives are
capitalized; normal maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred.
Depreciation expense was approximately $1.8 million, $1.5 million, and $715,000
for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred and amounted to
approximately $1.1 million, $1.4 million, and $505,000 in 2001, 2000, and 1999,
respectively.

Excess Cost over Fair Market Value of Net Assets Acquired

Through December 31, 2001, the excess cost over fair market value of net assets
acquired was amortized on a straight-line basis over 25 years commencing on the
dates of the respective acquisitions.  Amortization expense of excess cost over
fair value of net assets acquired was approximately $889,000, $867,000, and
$277,000 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

The Company periodically evaluates the value and future benefits of its
intangibles.  The Company assesses recoverability from future operations using
expected future cash flows from operations of the related acquired business as a
measure.  Under this approach, the carrying value would be reduced if it becomes
probable that the Company's best estimate for expected future cash flows of the
related business would be less than the carrying amount of the intangible over
the remaining amortization period. For the three year period ended December 31,
2001, there were no adjustments to the carrying amounts of intangibles resulting
from these evaluations.  (See "New Accounting Standards" below.)

Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets consist primarily of deferred financing costs,
trademarks, and establishing a registered national brand name.  Trademarks are
stated at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over 15 years.  Deferred
financing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
respective debt instruments.  The registered brand name is being amortized on a
straight-line basis over 15 years.  Amortization of other intangible assets was
approximately $79,000, $60,000 and $103,000 for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.  (See "New Accounting Standards" below.)

Deferred Acquisition Costs

The Company capitalizes legal, accounting, engineering and other direct costs
paid to outside parties that are incurred in connection with potential
acquisitions.  The Company, however, routinely evaluates such capitalized costs
and charges to expense those relating to abandoned acquisition candidates.
Indirect acquisition costs, such as executive salaries, general corporate
overhead, and other corporate services are expensed as incurred.  Deferred
acquisition costs, included in other assets, were approximately $47,000, and
$183,000 at December 31, 2000, and 1999, respectively.  There were no deferred
acquisition costs at December 31, 2001.

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

The Company's policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized
expenditures relating to proposed acquisitions that in management's current
opinion will not be consummated.

Merger Costs

In 1999, the Company incurred approximately $225,000, $120,000, and $1,530,000
in merger-related costs associated with the ICS, Classic, and Eager Beaver
mergers, respectively.  Merger costs consisted of transaction-related expenses
of $680,000 which includes deal costs, legal, accounting and other professional
and consulting fees, filing fees, external due diligence costs, contractual
costs, and finder fees as well as employee severance and termination costs which
totaled $1,195,000.  Additionally, tax provisions of  $96,000, and $50,000 were
recorded at the date of the mergers relating to net deferred tax liabilities
with respect to the termination of the previous S Corporation elections of
Classic and Eager Beaver, respectively.  This total of $146,000 was included
within the income tax benefit for 1999.

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes are determined based on the difference between the
financial accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities.  Deferred income
tax expense (benefit) represents the change during the period in the deferred
income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities.  Deferred tax assets
include tax loss and credit carryforwards and are reduced by a valuation
allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Supplementary Cash Flow Information

Interest paid on all indebtedness was approximately $3.1 million, $3.1 million,
and $927,000 for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999,
respectively.

Income taxes paid were approximately $211,000, $79,000 and $13,000 in 2001, 2000
and 1999, respectively.

Noncash investing and financing activities of the Company excluded from the
statement of cash flows include debt paid with common stock of the Company of
$387,000 and $252,000 in 2000 and 1999, respectively, and property additions
financed by debt of $181,000 in 2001 and $3.1 million in 1999.

Deferred Revenue

The Company records a liability for gift certificates and ticket books sold at
its car care locations but not yet redeemed.  The Company estimates these
unredeemed amounts based on gift certificates and ticket book sales and
redemptions throughout the year as well as utilizing historical sales and
redemption rates.

Advertising

The Company expenses advertising costs, including advertising production costs,
as they are incurred or the first time advertising takes place.  The Company's
costs of coupon advertising are capitalized as a prepaid asset and amortized to
advertising expense during the period of distribution and customer response,
typically two to three months.  Prepaid advertising costs were $67,000 at
December 31, 2001.  Advertising expense was approximately $1,140,000, $863,000,
and $538,000 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, trade receivables, trade payables and debt instruments.  The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and trade
payables are considered to be representative of their respective fair values.

Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans
with similar terms and average maturities, the carrying values and fair values
of the Company's fixed and variable rate debt instruments at December 31, 2001
were as follows:

                                CARRYING VALUE    FAIR VALUE
                               ---------------- --------------
          Fixed rate debt        $  15,397,368   $  18,470,967

          Variable rate debt        18,951,489      19,360,019
                               ---------------  --------------
          Total                  $  34,348,857   $  37,830,986
                               ===============  ==============

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

The majority of the fixed rate debt provides for a pre-payment penalty based on
an interest rate yield maintenance formula.  The yield maintenance formula
results in a significant pre-payment penalty as market interest rates decrease.
The Company obtained a calculation of the pre-payment penalty in August 2001 of
$3.2 million.  The pre-payment penalty precludes refinancing of this long term
debt.

At December 31, 2000, the difference between the carrying values and the fair
values of the Company's debt instruments was not significant.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") 121,
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
be Disposed Of, the Company evaluates the recoverability of its long-lived
assets which include trademarks, other intangibles, and other assets whenever
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. If indications are that the carrying amount of the asset is not
recoverable, the Company will estimate the future cash flows expected to result
from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected
future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the Company
recognizes an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is measured as the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.  There
were no impairment losses recognized on long-lived assets in the year ending
December 31, 2001.

Business Combinations

The Company assesses each business combination to determine whether the pooling
of interests or the purchase method of accounting is appropriate.  For those
business combinations prior to July 1, 2001, accounted for under the pooling of
interests method, the financial statements are combined with those of the
Company at their historical amounts, and if material, all periods presented are
restated as if the combination occurred on the first day of the earliest year
presented.  For those acquisitions accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting, the Company allocates the cost of the acquired business to the
assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on estimates of fair values
thereof.  These estimates are revised during the allocation period as necessary
when, and if, information regarding contingencies becomes available to define
and quantify assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  The allocation period
varies but does not exceed one year.  To the extent contingencies such as pre-
acquisition environmental matters, pre-acquisition liabilities including
deferred revenues, litigation and related legal fees are resolved or settled
during the allocation period, such items are included in the revised allocation
of the purchase price.  After the allocation period, the effect of changes in
such contingencies is included in results of operations in the period in which
the adjustment is determined.

New Accounting Standards

In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS 141,
Business Combinations, and SFAS 142, Goodwill and Intangible Assets.  SFAS 141
is effective for all business combinations completed after June 30, 2001.  SFAS
142 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001; however,
certain provisions of this Statement apply to goodwill and other intangible
assets acquired between July 1, 2001 and the effective date of SFAS 142.  Major
provisions of these Statements and their effective dates for the Company are as
follows:

     .    All business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001 must use the
          purchase method of accounting. The pooling of interests method of
          accounting is prohibited except for transactions initiated before July
          1, 2001.
     .    Intangible assets acquired in a business combination must be recorded
          separately from goodwill if they arise from contractual or other legal
          rights or are separable from the acquired entity and can be sold,
          transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either individually or as
          part of a related contract, asset or liability.
     .    Goodwill, as well as intangible assets with indefinite lives, acquired
          after June 30, 2001, will not be amortized.
     .    Effective January 1, 2002, all previously recognized goodwill and
          intangible assets with indefinite lives will no longer be subject to
          amortization.
     .    Effective January 1, 2002, goodwill and intangible assets with
          indefinite lives will be tested for impairment annually and whenever
          there is an impairment indicator.
     .    All acquired goodwill must be assigned to reporting units for purposes
          of impairment testing and segment reporting.

The Company continued to amortize goodwill and intangible assets acquired prior
to July 1, 2001, under its current method through December 31, 2001.  In
accordance with SFAS 142, by December 31, 2002, the Company is required to have
completed a

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

transitional fair value based impairment test of goodwill as of January 1, 2002.
Additionally, by March 31, 2002, the Company will have completed a transitional
impairment test of any other intangible assets identified with indefinite lives.
These required transitional impairment tests of goodwill and other intangible
assets may result in asset write-downs which would be recognized as a change in
accounting principle in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company
has not yet determined the effect of these new impairment tests on its
consolidated financial position or results of operations. The Company is also
currently evaluating the provisions of SFAS 142 on the Company's amortization
expense. The Company's preliminary assessment is that these Statements will have
a material impact on the Company's amortization expense and results of
operations. Upon adoption of SFAS 142, on January 1, 2002, the Company will no
longer amortize goodwill, thereby eliminating annual amortization expense up to
approximately $900,000.

In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations.  SFAS 143 applies to all entities, including rate-regulated
entities, that have legal obligations associated with the retirement of a
tangible long-lived asset that result from acquisition, constructions or
development and (or) normal operations of the long-lived asset.  The application
of this Statement is not limited to certain specialized industries, such as the
extractive or nuclear industries.  This Statement also applies, for example, to
a company that operates a manufacturing facility and has a legal obligation to
dismantle the manufacturing plant and restore the underlying land when it ceases
operation of that plant.  A liability for an asset retirement obligation should
be recognized if the obligation meets the definition of a liability and can be
reasonable estimated.  The initial recording should be at fair value.  SFAS 143
is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
June 15, 2002, with earlier application encouraged.  The provisions of the
Statement are not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition
or results of operations of the Company.

In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.  SFAS 144 retains the existing requirements to
recognize and measure the impairment of long-lived assets to be held and used or
to be disposed of by sale.  However, SFAS 144 makes changes to the scope and
certain measurement requirements of existing accounting guidance.  SFAS 144 also
changes the requirements relating to reporting the effects of a disposal or
discontinuation of a segment of a business.  SFAS 144 is effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001 and interim
periods within those fiscal years.  The adoption of this Statement is not
expected to have a significant impact on the financial condition or results of
operations of the Company.

3.   Acquisitions

Acquisitions Accounted for Under the Pooling of Interests Method

On August 25, 1999, the Company completed its merger with 50's Classic Car Wash
and CRCD, Inc. (collectively "Classic") and issued 91,677 unregistered shares of
the Company's common stock, par value $.01, in exchange for all outstanding
shares of Classic. Classic owns and operates a car wash in Lubbock, Texas. The
car wash provides a range of services which include full service car wash,
gasoline sales and a custom detail shop. The transaction was accounted for using
the pooling of interests method; and accordingly, the accompanying consolidated
financial statements include accounts of Classic for all periods presented.

On September 9, 1999, the Company completed its merger with Eager Beaver Car
Wash, Inc. ("Eager Beaver") and issued 659,222 unregistered shares of the
Company's common stock, par value $.01, in exchange for all of the outstanding
shares of Eager Beaver.  Eager Beaver operates car wash facilities and a
lubrication center from locations throughout west central and south central
Florida.  Eager Beaver operations provide a full line of car cleaning services
including washing, waxing and detailing services .  The transaction was
accounted for using the pooling of interests method; and accordingly, the
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eager
Beaver for all periods presented.

Additionally, on July 9, 1999, the Company acquired all of the outstanding
shares of Innovative Control Systems, Inc. ("ICS"). Approximately 604,000
unregistered shares of common stock of the Company were issued in exchange for
all of the outstanding shares of ICS.  Additionally, the Company assumed
approximately $750,000 of ICS's debt.  On June 2, 2000, the Company sold ICS  in
exchange for the return of 450,000 shares of common stock of the Company and
$295,500 of future goods and services from ICS.  Accordingly, ICS's results of
operations, as well as the gain on the ICS sale, were accounted for as
discontinued operations.

Classic and Eager Beaver were Subchapter S Corporations prior to the mergers,
whereby, the taxable income or loss flowed through to the individual
shareholders. The effects of pro forma taxes as a C Corporation would result in
additional income tax expense of approximately $214,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1999.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

In 1999, the Company incurred approximately $225,000, $120,000, and $1,530,000
in merger-related costs associated with the ICS, Classic, and Eager Beaver
mergers, respectively.  Merger costs consisted of transaction-related expenses
of $680,000 which includes deal costs, legal, accounting and other professional
and consulting fees, filing fees, external due diligence costs, contractual
costs, and finder fees as well as employee severance and termination  costs
which totaled $1,195,000.  Additionally, tax provisions of $96,000 and $50,000
were recorded at the date of the mergers relating to net deferred tax
liabilities with respect to the termination of the previous S Corporation
elections of Classic and Eager Beaver, respectively.  This total of $146,000 was
included within the income tax benefit for 1999.

Acquisitions Accounted for Under the Purchase Method

On May 17, 1999, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Colonial
Full Service Car Wash, Inc. ("Colonial") in exchange for 1,250,991 unregistered
shares of the Company's common stock and the assumption of debt and negative
working capital of approximately $6,579,000.  This transaction was accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting.

On May 18, 1999, the Company acquired certain assets of Genie Car Wash of
Austin, Inc.,  Genie Car Care Center, Inc., and Genie Car Service Center, Inc.
(collectively, "Genie").  Consideration under the Agreement consisted of 533,333
unregistered shares of common stock of the Company, $1,000,000 of cash, and the
issuance of promissory notes in the amount of $4,750,000 and $180,000.  The
assets acquired consist of substantially all of the real estate, equipment, and
inventories utilized in the car wash businesses.  This transaction was accounted
for using the purchase method of accounting.

On June 1, 1999, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Gabe's
Plaza Car Wash, Inc. ("Gabe's") in exchange for $210,000 in cash and delivery of
a promissory note for $717,000.  The transaction was accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting.  On August 28, 2001, the Company sold Gabe's for
an aggregate cash sales price of $1.2 million.  The Company utilized
approximately $315,000 of the sales proceeds to pay off a promissory note which
was secured by a first mortgage on the real estate sold.  A pre-tax gain of
approximately $216,000 was realized and included in other income.

On June 22, 1999, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of the
Moorestown Car Wash in exchange for $225,000 and the issuance of 20,930
unregistered shares of common stock of the Company.  This transaction was
accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

On July 1, 1999, the Company completed, pursuant to a Merger Agreement dated
March 26, 1999, its merger with American Wash Services, Inc. ("AWS"), a car wash
company controlled by Mr. Paolino, pursuant to which AWS was merged with and
into a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.  Mr. Paolino and Red Mountain
Holdings, Ltd., AWS's other shareholder, received in exchange for all of the
shares of AWS, $4.8 million in cash, and 628,362 unregistered shares of common
stock, of which Mr. Paolino received 470,000 shares and Red Mountain received
158,362 shares.  Mr. Paolino and Mr. Robert M. Kramer, the current Executive
Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, received additional
consideration in connection with this merger in the form of warrants to purchase
shares of common stock of the Company having a total fair market value at the
time of the grant of approximately $2.1 million, as follows:

       .  Mr. Paolino received a warrant to purchase 1,500,000 shares of common
          stock at a purchase price of $1.375 per share;
       .  Mr. Paolino received a warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of common
          stock at a purchase price of $2.50 per share; and
       .  Mr. Kramer received a warrant to purchase 75,000 shares of common
          stock at a purchase price of $1.375 per share.

The transaction was accounted for as a purchase.

On July 1, 1999, the Company acquired substantially all the assets of Stephen
Bulboff and Stephen B. Properties, Inc. (collectively, "Shammy Shine" or
"Stephen Bulboff") in exchange for 860,000 unregistered shares of common stock
of the Company and cash consideration of $1,900,000.  Stephen Bulboff owns and
operates a total of ten exterior only car washes in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and
Delaware.  This transaction was accounted for as a purchase.

On August 24, 1999, the Company acquired, through a wholly owned subsidiary,
substantially all of the assets of Shammy Man Car Wash ("Shammy Man") in
exchange for 62,649 unregistered shares of common stock cash consideration of
$475,000 and the assumption of approximately $400,000 of debt.  This transaction
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

On September 9, 1999, the Company acquired all of the assets of Quaker Car Wash,
Inc. ("Quaker") in exchange for 224,072 unregistered shares of common stock and
approximately $1,055,000 of cash consideration.  This transaction was accounted
for using the purchase method of accounting.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

On October 18, 1999, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, acquired
all of the car wash related assets of White Glove Car Wash ("White Glove")
located in Tempe, Arizona.  Consideration consisted of 38,095 unregistered
shares of common stock of the Company, $130,000 of cash, and the issuance of a
$345,000 promissory note.  The transaction was accounted for using the purchase
method of accounting.

On October 29, 1999, the Company consummated the acquisition of Millennia Car
Wash, LLC ("Millennia") which the Company had operated under an operating
agreement since March 31, 1999.  Millennia consists of 11 full service car
washes in the Phoenix, Arizona market and six full service car washes in the San
Antonio, Texas market as well as a total of five lube and repair centers, eight
fuel sales operations, and 17 convenience stores.  Consideration under the
agreement, as amended, consisted of 3,500,000 unregistered shares of common
stock of the Company and the assumption of approximately $15.0 million of long-
term debt.  The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.

On December 29, 1999, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, acquired
all of the assets of Cherry Hill Car Wash, Inc. and 1505 Associates General
Partnership ("Cherry Hill Car Wash") located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
Consideration consisted of 63,309 unregistered shares of common stock of the
Company and $1.9 million of cash.  The transaction was accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting.

On March 24, 2000, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, acquired all
of the truck wash related assets of Red Baron Truck Washes, Inc. ("Red Baron")
with a total of five operating locations in Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Texas.
Consideration consisted of 568,421 registered shares of common stock of the
Company and the issuance of a secured $1.0 million promissory note to the
seller.  The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.

On June 5, 2000, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, acquired
certain assets of Sparsupco, Inc. (the "Beneva Car Wash").  Consideration
consisted of 130,712 shares of common stock of the Company and $20,000 of cash.
The Beneva Car Wash is located in Sarasota, Florida.  The transaction was
accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

On July 10, 2000, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, completed the
acquisition of substantially all the assets of Superstar Kyrene, a full service
car wash in the Phoenix, Arizona area, in exchange for 56,521 unregistered
shares of common stock of the Company, cash consideration of approximately
$824,000 and the assumption of approximately $926,000 of debt.  The transaction
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

Additionally, on July 26, 2000, the Company acquired, through a wholly owned
subsidiary, substantially all of the assets of Blue Planet Car Wash ("Blue
Planet"), a full service car wash in the Dallas, Texas area, in exchange for
250,008 unregistered shares of common stock, and the assumption of approximately
$1,554,000 of debt.  This transaction was accounted for using the purchase
method of accounting.

4.    Discontinued Operations

On July 14, 1998, the Company sold substantially all of the assets of its Law
Enforcement division within its security products segment.   Accordingly, the
operating results of its Law Enforcement division have been segregated from
continuing operations and reported, on a comprehensive basis, as a separate line
item on the consolidated statement of operations entitled "Discontinued
Operations."  In conjunction with the sale of assets, the Company licensed to
the purchaser the use of Mace(R) and related trademarks and a patent for use by
the purchaser in the Law Enforcement market and received a one-time license fee
of $650,000. A portion of the sales price, $600,000, was retained by the
purchaser in escrow to secure, among other things, the Company's obligations
under the representations and warranties in the purchase agreement.  During
1999, this amount was returned to the Company.  Notwithstanding the sale of the
Law Enforcement division, the Company fulfilled its obligation under a
nonassignable Department of Defense contract which was completed in September of
1999.  Accordingly, this contract is included in discontinued operations in the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 1999.

On May 4, 2000, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a plan to sell
its computer products and services subsidiary, ICS. Accordingly, the operating
results of ICS have been segregated from continuing operations and reported on a
comprehensive basis as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
operations entitled "Discontinued Operations".  On June 2, 2000, the Company
sold ICS in exchange for the return of 450,000 shares of common stock of the
Company and $295,500 of future goods and services from ICS.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 LAW
                                                             ENFORCEMENT
                                               ICS             DIVISION
                                          -------------     --------------
     <S>                                  <C>               <C>
     Year ended December 31, 2000
     Revenues                                $  518,753        $        -
     Loss from discontinued operations       $ (264,601)       $        -
     Gain on disposal                        $  723,581 (1)    $        -
     Year ended December 31, 1999
     Revenues                                $2,925,217        $1,135,051
     Income from discontinued operations     $   67,347        $   24,032
</TABLE>

     (1) Includes a net loss of $77,308 from operations of ICS from the
measurement date to the disposal date.

5. Accounts Receivable

The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally
does not require collateral.  Risk of losses from international sales within the
security products segment are minimized by requiring the majority of customers
to provide irrevocable confirmed letters of credit and/or cash advances. The
Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts at a level that management
believes is sufficient to cover potential credit losses.

The changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                     ----------------------------
                                         2001            2000
                                     ------------    ------------
     <S>                             <C>             <C>
     Balance at beginning of year     $   260,825     $  102,393
     Additions (charged to expense)        39,918         24,772
     Adjustments                         (122,657)       133,660
     Deductions                                 -              -
                                      -----------     ----------
     Balance at end of year           $   178,086     $  260,825
                                      ===========     ==========
</TABLE>

6. Inventories

Inventories consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                                      ------------------------
                                                                          2001         2000
                                                                      -----------   ----------
     <S>                                                              <C>           <C>
     Finished goods                                                    $  320,822   $  370,676
     Work in process                                                      176,104      114,501
     Raw materials and supplies                                           852,325      763,202
     Fuel, merchandise inventory and car wash supplies                    925,824    1,008,098
                                                                      -----------   ----------
                                                                       $2,275,075   $2,256,477
                                                                      ===========   ==========
</TABLE>

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

7.   Other Intangibles

The components of other intangibles are summarized below:

                                                  As of December 31,
                                             --------------------------------
                                                2001              2000
                                             --------------   ---------------
     Trademarks                              $ 1,748,578      $   1,748,578

     Trademark protection costs                  154,208            154,208

     Deferred financing fees                     359,023            349,758

     Registered brand name                       116,090            113,643
                                             --------------   ---------------
        Total intangibles                      2,377,899          2,366,187

     Less: Accumulated amortization            1,384,362          1,223,702
                                             --------------   ---------------
     Other intangibles, net                  $   993,537      $   1,142,485
                                             ==============   ===============



Amortization expense of other intangible assets was approximately $79,000,
$60,000 and $103,000 for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

8.   Long-Term Debt, Notes Payable, and Capital Lease Obligations

Long-term debt, notes payable, and capital lease obligations consist of the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                  ----------------------------
                                                                                      2001          2000
                                                                                  -----------    -------------
<S>                                                                               <C>            <C>
     Notes payable to Franchise Mortgage Acceptance Corporation
         ("FMAC"), interest rate of 8.52%, due in monthly installments
         totaling $145,936 including interest, through September 2013,
         collateralized by real property, equipment and inventory of
         certain of the Millennia Car Wash locations                               $  13,013,278  $ 13,626,777

     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest rate of prime plus
         0.25% (5.00% at December 31, 2001), is due in monthly
         installments of $71,554 including interest (adjusted annually),
         through November 2003, collateralized by real property and
         equipment of Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.                                      6,358,805     6,734,067

     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest rates ranging from
         prime plus 0.25% (5.00% at December 31, 2001) to 9.75%, due
         in monthly installments totaling $63,449 per month including
         interest (adjusted annually), through various dates ranging from
         July 2002 to August 2004, collateralized by real property and
         equipment of certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations                       4,499,043     4,837,222

     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA which refinanced a note
         payable to Cornett Ltd. Partnership on February 17, 2000.  The
         Bank One note, which provides for an interest rate of prime plus
         0.25% (5.00% at December 31, 2001), is due in monthly
         installments of $49,682 including interest (adjusted annually),
         through February 2003, collateralized by real property and
         equipment of the Genie Car Wash locations                                     4,549,092     4,793,714

     Note payable to Western National Bank, interest rate of 8.75%, due
         in monthly installments of $20,988 including interest, through
         October 2014, collateralized by real property and equipment in
         Lubbock, Texas                                                                1,942,230     2,018,103
</TABLE>


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>
     Note payable to Transamerica Small Business Capital, Inc., interest
         rate of prime plus 2.5% (7.25% at December 31, 2001), is due in
         monthly installments of $12,581 including interest (adjusted
         annually), through December 2022, collateralized by real
         property and equipment of the Blue Planet Car Wash                            1,475,780     1,497,640

     Note payable to Merriman Park J.V., interest rate of 7.5% (adjusted
         annually), due in monthly installments of $10,644 including
         interest, through November 2011, collateralized by real property
         and equipment of certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations                     891,684       943,732

     Note payable to Bank One Texas, NA, interest rate of prime plus
         0.25% (5.00% at December 31, 2001), is due in monthly
         installments of $7,727 including interest (adjusted annually),
         through July 2003, collateralized by real property and equipment
         of the Superstar Kyrene Car Wash                                                803,910       843,810

     Note payable to Southwest Bank, interest rate of 11.25%, due in
         monthly principal payments of $5,565 including interest, through
         October 2001, collateralized by real property and equipment of
         certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations                                            -       391,754

     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, which refinanced the
         mortgage note payable to Southwest Bank in October 2001.  The
         Bank One note which provides for an interest rate of prime plus
         0.25% (5.00% at December 31, 2001), is due in monthly
         installments of $3,156 including interest (adjusted annually),
         through October 2004, collateralized by real property and
         equipment of certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations                         378,452             -

     Note payable to Gabe and Alice Kirikian, interest rate of 7% due
         in quarterly payments of $25,850 plus interest, collateralized by
         real property of Gabe's Plaza Car Wash                                                -       387,750

     Capital lease payable to Columbia Credit Company, interest
         rate of 14.5%, due in monthly installments of $8,314 including
         interest, through May 2005, collateralized by certain equipment
         of the Shammy Man Car Wash location                                             270,021       326,089

     Capital leases payable to various creditors, interest rates ranging
         from 9.00% to 9.97%, due in monthly installments of $5,079
         including interest, through various dates ranging from December
         2003 to November 2004, collateralized by certain equipment of
         the Company                                                                     123,370             -

     Note payable to Mitra II, interest payable at 8%, principal balance due
         April 2001, collateralized by certain real property in Arizona                        -       164,122

     Note payable to Pennzoil Products Company, interest rate of 5%
         due in monthly installments of $2,496, including interest,
         through June 2003, collateralized by equipment of the Company                    43,192        70,238

     Notes payable to individuals for consulting services, interest rates
         from 8% to 12%, due on demand                                                         -        50,000
                                                                                   -------------   -----------
                                                                                      34,348,857    36,685,018
     Less: current portion                                                             2,514,067     6,322,263
                                                                                   -------------   -----------
                                                                                   $  31,834,790   $30,362,755
                                                                                   =============   ===========
</TABLE>

On November 28, 2000, the Company entered into a $6.7 million three year term
note (15 year amortization basis) with Bank One, Texas N.A. ("Bank One") to
refinance certain maturing debt including the $1.3 million convertible
promissory note to Bullseye Properties, the $2.1 million SouthTrust Bank note
maturing in May 2001, and the $1.0 million promissory note related to the Red
Baron Truck Wash acquisition.  The term note also provided approximately
$800,000 for the purchase of the leased Beneva Car Wash property and provided
approximately $1.4 million of additional funding, net of loan closing costs, for
capital improvements and working capital.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

In August 1999, the Company assumed a 7% Convertible Promissory Note in the
amount of $1,348,379 in connection with an acquisition accounted for as a
pooling of interests. The note was payable in monthly installments of $12,276,
including interest, commencing in March 2000. The principal amount of the note,
including unpaid interest, was convertible into the Company's common stock at
the rate of $3.62 per share until August 2000 and at $3.875 per share
thereafter. The note contained a call provision which provided the holder the
right to call the note with a 90 day notice any time after April 15, 2000. The
promissory note was called by the holder and was due on November 28, 2000. The
promissory note was satisfied on March 7, 2001 with proceeds from the $6.7
million Bank One term note which were escrowed at December 31, 2000.

Additionally, in February 2000, the Company financed the remaining $4.35 million
balance of the promissory note related to the acquisition of Genie through a
$4.8 million three year term note (15 year amortization basis) with Bank One.
The term note also provided approximately $400,000 of additional funding, net of
loan closing costs, for capital improvements and working capital.

Several of the Company's debt agreements contain certain affirmative and
negative covenants and require the maintenance of certain levels of tangible net
worth and the maintenance of certain debt coverage ratios on an individual
subsidiary and consolidated level.

Certain machinery and equipment notes payable discussed above have been
classified as capital lease obligations in the balance sheet.

Maturities of long-term debt are as follows:   2002 - $2,514,067; 2003 -
$12,674,024; 2004 - $4,567,208;  2005 - $1,119,521; 2006 -$1,182,391; and 2007
and thereafter  - $12,291,646.

9.   Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consists of the following:


                                                 As of December 31,
                                            -----------------------------
                                              2001                2000
                                            -------------    ------------
       Accrued compensation                 $   795,928      $    540,642

       Accrued acquisition and merger

        transaction costs                             -           125,262

       Property and other non-income taxes      112,731           643,972

       Other                                  1,216,562           693,494
                                            -------------    ------------
                                            $ 2,125,221      $  2,003,370
                                            =============    ============


10.  Liabilities

In connection with an acquisition made by the Company during 1999, the Company
has an accrued liability as of December 31, 2001, totaling $825,000 payable to
sellers upon satisfactory resolution of certain contingencies.  This amount has
been included in the purchase price allocation of the respective acquisition.
Management believes it is probable all contingencies will be met.

11.  Stock Option Plans

During September 1993, the Company adopted the 1993 Stock Option Plan ("the 1993
Plan"). The 1993 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 630,000 shares of
common stock upon exercise of the options. The Company has reserved 630,000
shares of common stock to satisfy the requirements of the 1993 Plan. The options
are non-qualified stock options and are not transferable by the recipient. The
1993 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee ("the Committee") of the
Board of Directors, which may grant options to employees, directors and
consultants to the Company. The term of each option may not exceed fifteen years
from the date of grant. Options are exercisable over either a 10 or 15 year
period and exercise prices are not less than the market value of the shares on
the date of grant.

In December 1999, the Company's stockholders approved the 1999 Stock Option Plan
("the 1999 Plan") providing for the granting of incentive stock options or
nonqualified stock options to directors, officers, or employees of the Company.
Under the 1999 Plan, 15,000,000 shares of common stock are reserved for
issuance.  Incentive stock options and nonqualified options have terms which are
determined by the Committee with exercise prices not less than the market value
of the shares on the date of grant.  The options

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

generally expire ten years from the date of grant and are exercisable based upon
graduated vesting schedules as determined by the Committee. As of December 31,
2001, 2,687,209 options have been granted under the 1993 and 1999 Plan including
1,763,338 nonqualified stock options.

The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" (APB 25) and related Interpretations
in accounting for its employee stock options because, as discussed below, the
alternative fair value accounting provided for under SFAS 123, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation," requires use of option valuation models that are not
developed for use in valuing employee stock options. Under APB 25, if the
exercise price of the Company's employee stock options equals the market price
of the underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation expense is
recognized.

Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share is required by
SFAS 123, and has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its
employee stock options under the fair value method of that Statement. The fair
value for these options was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for grants
in 2001, 2000 and 1999; risk-free interest rate ranges of 4.62% to 5.22% in
2001, 5.11% to 6.64% in 2000 and from  5.03% to 6.32% in 1999; dividend yield of
0%; expected volatility of the market price of the Company's common stock of 97%
in 2001, 91% in 2000 and 86% in 1999; and a weighted-average expected life of
the option of ten years.

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because
the Company's employee stock options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's
opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options
is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period. Pro forma results are
not likely to be representative of the effects on reported or pro forma results
of operations for future years. The Company's pro forma information is as
follows:

                                                Year ended December 31,
                                     ------------------------------------------
                                        2001          2000           1999
                                     -----------  -------------  --------------
Pro forma net loss                   $ (445,458)   $(2,342,579)   $(3,089,856)

Pro forma diluted loss per share     $    (0.02)   $     (0.09)   $     (0.23)


Activity with respect to these plans is as follows:

<TABLE>

                                                 2001                     2000                      1999
                                          -------------------------   ---------------------  ---------------------
                                                          Weighted               Weighted                Weighted
                                                          Average                 Average                Average
                                                          Exercise               Exercise                Exercise
                                              Number       Price      Number       Price      Number      Price
                                          ------------ ------------  --------- ------------  --------- -----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>           <C>       <C>           <C>       <C> <C>
Options outstanding beginning of
 period                                      2,005,724   $    4.29   2,721,708  $     5.26     501,000   $    1.37

Options granted                                348,500   $    0.76     330,325  $     2.45   2,840,918   $    5.37

Options exercised                                    -           -     (43,750) $     1.86    (439,710)  $    1.73

Options canceled                              (150,475)  $    6.59  (1,002,559) $     7.73    (180,500)  $    4.69
                                          ------------              ----------              ----------
Options outstanding end of period            2,203,749   $    3.57   2,005,724  $     4.29   2,721,708   $    5.26
                                          ============              ==========              ==========
Options exercisable                          1,527,147   $    3.91     970,915  $     4.42     398,876   $    4.33
                                          ============              ==========              ==========
Shares available for granting of options    12,942,791              13,140,816              12,468,582
                                          ============              ==========              ==========
</TABLE>

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

   Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2001 under both plans are
summarized as follows:

                                             Weighted Avg.      Weighted
             Range of            Number        Remaining     Avg. Exercise
         Exercise Prices      Outstanding  Contractual Life      Price
       -------------------   ------------- ----------------- -------------
         $  0.69 - $ 1.03         379,000     8.6 years       $       0.78

         $  1.19 - $ 1.63         314,167     7.0 years       $       1.35

         $  2.69 - $ 4.00         878,373     7.2 years       $       2.96

         $  4.31 - $ 6.25         149,818     8.1 years       $       5.06

         $  6.63 - $ 9.75         412,391     7.4 years       $       7.37

         $ 10.00 - $11.00          70,000     7.4 years       $      10.89
                             ------------
                                2,203,749
                             ============


In August 1994, the Company issued warrants to purchase 60,000 shares of Mace
Security International, Inc. common stock at $4.25 per share in connection with
the purchase of certain assets of a business.  The warrants are exercisable over
a ten year period, expiring on August 24, 2004.  On July 14, 1998, in connection
with the sale of the Law Enforcement division (Note 4), the Company issued to
the purchaser 300,000 warrants to purchase common stock of the Company at $1.25
per share.  These warrants were fully exercised in March 1999.

The Company has a remaining total of 2,150,464 warrants to purchase common stock
outstanding at December 31, 2001, all of which are exercisable.  In 1999, the
Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 2,656,500 shares of the Company's
common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $2.11 per share in
connection with the purchase of certain businesses and to a director. Warrants
exercised in 1999 totaled 866,036 at a weighted average exercise price of $1.64
per share.  The terms of the warrants have been established by the Board of
Directors.  The warrants are exercisable at any time through August 2, 2009 and
have an exercise price ranging from $1.375 to $9.25 per share.

During the exercise period, the Company will reserve a sufficient number of
shares of its common stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented
by option and warrant holders.

12.  Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets at December 31, 2001 and 2000
are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                                 2001            2000
                                                        -----------------  ---------------
<S>                                                      <C>               <C>
         Deferred tax liabilities:
            Property, equipment and intangibles          $  (4,781,828)    $ (3,232,125)
            Other, net                                         (29,502)         (60,322)
                                                        --------------     ------------
               Total deferred tax liabilities               (4,811,330)      (3,292,447)
         Deferred tax assets:
            Allowance for doubtful accounts                     41,779           36,665
            Inventories                                         39,116           50,981
            Net operating loss carryforwards                 4,711,900        3,414,955
            Deferred revenue                                    99,606          125,371
            Compensation and related transition costs          202,453          202,453
            Other, net                                         173,430          153,475
                                                        --------------     ------------
               Total deferred tax assets                     5,268,284        3,983,900
         Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets          (950,351)        (845,351)
                                                        --------------     ------------
         Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance       4,317,933        3,138,549
                                                        --------------     ------------
         Net deferred tax liabilities                    $    (493,397)    $   (153,898)
                                                        ==============     ============
</TABLE>

At December 31, 2001, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for
federal income tax purposes of approximately $12.7 million that begin to expire
during the year ended December 31, 2008, if unused.   A valuation allowance has
been provided to reduce the deferred tax assets to a level which, more likely
than not, will be realized.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

  The components of income tax expense (benefit) are:


                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              2001           2000         1999
                                            --------      ---------     --------

       Current (principally state taxes)    $ 194,501     $ 159,857   $  97,653
       Deferred                               339,499      (225,857)   (716,172)
                                            ---------     ---------   ---------
       Total income tax expense (benefit)   $ 534,000     $ (66,000)  $(618,519)
                                            =========     =========   =========


  The significant components of deferred income tax expense (benefit) attributed
  to income (loss) from continuing operations for the years ended December 31,
  2001, 2000, and 1999 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                  ------------------------------------
                                                                    2001           2000         1999
                                                                  --------      ---------     --------
       <S>                                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
       Deferred tax expense                                       $ 1,531,444   $ 875,651     $ 439,842
       Loss carry forward                                          (1,296,945)   (871,508)     (903,805)
       Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets                    105,000    (230,000)     (252,209)
                                                                  -----------   ---------     ---------
                                                                  $   339,499   $(225,857)    $(716,172)
                                                                  ===========   =========     =========
</TABLE>

  A reconciliation of income tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax
  rates to total income tax expense (benefit) is as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                  ------------------------------------
                                                                     2001           2000         1999
                                                                  ---------     -----------   --------
       <S>                                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
       Tax at U.S. federal statutory rate                         $ 504,569     $ (72,422)   $(677,022)
       S Corporation income prior to pooling date                         -             -     (225,290)
       State taxes, net of federal benefit                          128,190        93,039       30,509
       Nondeductible costs and other acquisition
         accounting adjustments                                     170,881       151,657      285,220
       S Corporation status termination                                   -             -      121,648
       Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets                  105,000      (230,000)    (192,259)
       Fixed asset adjustments                                     (358,280)            -            -
       Other adjustments                                            (16,360)       (8,274)      38,675
                                                                  ---------     ---------    ---------
       Total income tax expense (benefit)                         $ 534,000     $ (66,000)   $(618,519)
                                                                  =========     =========    =========
</TABLE>

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

13.  Earnings Per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                       ---------------------------------------
                                                                          2001         2000           1999
                                                                       -----------  -----------    -----------
            <S>                                                        <C>          <C>            <C>
            Numerator:
            Income (loss) from continuing operations                   $   907,626  $  (140,921)   $(1,351,494)
            Income from discontinued operations                                  -      458,980         91,379
                                                                       -----------  -----------    -----------
            Net income (loss)                                          $   907,626  $   318,059    $(1,260,115)
                                                                       ===========  ===========    ===========
            Denominator:
            Denominator for basic income (loss)
                per share - weighted average shares                     25,448,564   24,476,842     13,159,154
            Dilutive effect of options and warrants                         35,681            -              -
                                                                       -----------  -----------    -----------
            Denominator for diluted income (loss)
                per share - weighted average shares                     25,484,245   24,476,842     13,159,154
                                                                       ===========  ===========    ===========
            Basic and diluted income (loss) per share:
                From continuing operations                             $      0.04  $     (0.01)   $     (0.10)
                From discontinued operations                                     -         0.02              -
                                                                       -----------  -----------    -----------
                Total                                                  $      0.04  $      0.01    $     (0.10)
                                                                       ===========  ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

The Company's options and warrants outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1999
have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because
they are anti-dilutive.

14.  Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company maintains its cash accounts in high quality financial institutions.
At times, these balances may exceed insured amounts.

15.  Commitments and Contingencies

The Company is obligated under various operating leases, primarily for certain
equipment, vehicles, and real estate. Certain of these leases contain purchase
options, renewal provisions, and contingent rentals for proportionate share of
taxes, utilities, insurance, and annual cost of living increases. Future minimum
lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining noncancellable
lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2001 are as follows: 2002 -
$1,408,483; 2003 - $1,311,477; 2004 -$1,281,728; 2005 -$1,067,305; 2006 -
$702,083; and 2007 and thereafter - $3,038,389. Rental expense under these
leases was $1,513,268, $1,599,601 and $768,629 for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

In 1999, the Company entered into month to month and long-term sublease
agreements with tenants of their operating facility in Bennington, Vermont,
including a related party. These agreements were assigned to another party in
1999. Total sublease rental income was $133,842 in 1999.

The Company was a party to a real estate purchase agreement with the Vermont
Economic Development Authority ("VEDA") for the purchase of the Center and North
Wings of its security products office and manufacturing operation, after the
satisfaction or waiver of certain contingencies by VEDA. The Company previously
deposited $75,000 of the total cash portion into an escrow account as required
by the agreement. The Company elected not to purchase the building and leased
the premises from VEDA through November 15, 1999 for $4,000 per month, together
with taxes, insurance and utilities. The Company assigned to Vermont Mill, an
entity controlled by Jon Goodrich, all of its rights and obligations under the
VEDA Agreement including certain leasehold improvements abandoned by the
Company. Effective November 15, 1999, the Company entered into a lease with
Vermont Mill to continue to utilize space for its security products office and
manufacturing operation for $6,667 per month. The lease is for a term of five
years and provides for renewal options. Rent expense under this lease was
$10,000 in 1999.

The Company leases a portion of the building space at several of its car wash
facilities either on a month-to-month basis or under cancellable leases.  During
fiscal 2001, 2000, and 1999 revenues of approximately $141,000, $92,000, and
$61,000, respectively, were recognized under these leasing arrangements.  These
amounts are classified as other income in the accompanying statements of income.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

The Company is subject to federal and state environmental regulations, including
rules relating to air and water pollution and the storage and disposal of oil,
other chemicals, and waste. The Company believes that it complies with all
applicable laws relating to its business.

Certain of the Company's executive officers have entered into employment
agreements whereby they will be entitled to immediate vesting provisions of
issued options should the officer be terminated upon a change in control of the
Company. Additionally, the employment agreement of the Company's Chief Executive
Officer, Louis D. Paolino, Jr., entitles Mr. Paolino to receive a fee of
$7,000,000 upon termination of employment under certain conditions including
upon termination as a result of a change in control.

The Company is a party to various legal proceedings related to its normal
business activities.  In the opinion of the Company's management, none of these
proceedings are material in relation to the Company's results of operations,
liquidity, cash flows or financial condition.

16.  Employee Benefit Plans

Two subsidiaries of the Company maintain voluntary 401(k) plans covering
substantially all of their respective employees. Under one of the plans,
employees may contribute from 1% to 20% of their regular wages, up to the limit
permitted by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches 25% of each
dollar contributed by employees up to 4% of their wages. The cost of the plan
amounted to $15,000 in 1999. Under the second plan, employees may contribute
from 1% to 25%. Although the plan allows for discretionary company matches, the
Company has not made any matching contributions in the three years ended
December 31, 2001. Both plans were terminated subsequent to December 31, 2001.

17.  Operating Agreements

During the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Company managed several
car wash locations under operating agreements, under which the Company was
entitled to all profits generated from the operation of those locations.
Operating agreements generally arise from pending acquisitions that will be
closed pending completion of certain conditions.  The pretax income earned under
these operating agreements is presented in the accompanying statements of
operations as revenue from operating agreements net of all operating expenses.
Additionally, the Company currently earns $20,000 per month under an agreement
which allows Mark Sport, an entity controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of
the Company, to operate the Company's Security Products Division.  The
Management Agreement also provides that at the end of its term, Mark Sport will
pay the Company an amount equal to the depreciation and amortization on the
assets of the Company's Security Products Division during the term of the
Management Agreement.

The results of operations subject to operating agreements were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                           --------------------------------------
                                                                              2001         2000          1999
                                                                           ----------   ----------    -----------
             <S>                                                           <C>          <C>           <C>
             Revenues
             Car wash and detailing services                                 $      -  $  803,900     $ 8,421,825
             Lube and other automotive services                                     -           -         641,296
             Fuel and merchandise sales                                             -      53,091       1,038,746
             Security products operating lease payments                       240,000     220,000               -
                                                                             --------  ----------     -----------
                                                                              240,000   1,076,991      10,101,867
             Cost of Revenues
             Car wash and detailing services                                        -     727,125       5,816,466
             Lube and other automotive services                                     -           -         595,356
             Fuel and merchandise sales                                             -      37,520         911,139
                                                                             --------  ----------     -----------
                                                                                    -     764,645       7,322,961

             Selling, general, and administrative expenses                          -      52,435         901,883
             Depreciation and amortization                                          -         102         722,064
                                                                             --------  ----------     -----------
             Operating income                                                 240,000     259,809       1,154,959
             Interest expense, net                                                  -           -        (790,331)
             Other income                                                           -         947          97,954
                                                                             --------  ----------     -----------
             Income earned under operating agreements                        $240,000  $  260,756     $   462,582
                                                                             ========  ==========     ===========
</TABLE>

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

18.  Restructuring, Asset Write-Downs and Change in Control Charges

In conjunction with the Company's 1999 change in control, the Company
restructured certain of its security products operations, abandoned certain
operations and assets, and incurred certain other change in control related
costs. A restructuring, asset write-down and change in control charge totaling
$1,519,000 was recorded in the second quarter ending June 30, 1999. Of this
charge, $1,178,000 was non-cash in nature consisting of a $218,000 write-off of
certain assets as a result of abandoning certain product lines within the
Company's security products segment; a $373,000 write-off of leasehold
improvements related to the Company's plan to abandon a portion of its currently
leased facilities in Vermont; and a $587,000 non-cash compensation charge
relating to the vesting of variable options to certain previous directors of the
Company upon the Company's change in control. The remaining charge of
approximately $341,000 included certain severance costs accrued as well as
legal, accounting and other transaction costs related to the Company's change in
control. Additionally, in 2000, the Company wrote down the value of its Berlin,
New Jersey facility by $137,904 to reflect the sales price of those assets in
January 2001.

19.  Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

The Company's policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized
expenditures relating to proposed acquisitions that in management's current
opinion will not be consummated. During the year ended December 31, 2001, the
costs of previously capitalized expenditures related to proposed acquisitions
totaled approximately $135,000. These costs, which principally related to
several possible acquisitions the Company pursued outside the car wash industry,
are primarily related to due diligence costs. In 2000, costs of previously
capitalized expenditures principally related to the termination of the Planet
Truck Wash acquisition and acquisition related expenses associated with the
proposed Wash Depot Holdings, Inc. ("Wash Depot") merger. The Company terminated
the Wash Depot Merger Agreement on September 30, 2000, as a result of certain
conditions precedent to closing not being satisfied by Wash Depot. Of the
$580,000 in costs of terminated acquisitions in 2000, approximately $209,000
represented unrecoverable cash and stock deposits and approximately $371,000
represented external incremental transaction costs including legal, accounting,
consulting and due diligence costs.

20.  Related Party Transactions

In August 1999, the Company entered into a month-to-month lease arrangement with
Bluepointe, Inc., a corporation controlled by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the
Company's Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, for the
Company's executive offices in Mt. Laurel, New Jersey. The lease arrangement
provided for monthly rental payments of $10,000. This monthly lease payment was
considered to be more favorable than could be obtained on the open market for
similar facilities. Effective August 1, 2000, after a survey of local real
estate market pricing and upon the approval of the Audit Committee, the Company
entered into a five year lease with Bluepointe, Inc. which provides for an
initial monthly rental payment of $15,962, which increases by 5% per year in the
third through fifth years of the lease. The Company believes that the terms of
this lease (based on an annual rate of $19.00 per square foot ) are competitive
when compared to similar facilities in the Mt. Laurel, New Jersey area. The
Company has also entered into a three-year furniture lease/purchase agreement
with Bluepointe, Inc., dated January 1, 2001, which provided for an initial
payment of $20,000 and monthly rental payments thereafter of $4,513, for the use
of the furnishings in the Company's executive offices. The rental rates were
based upon a third-party valuation of the furnishings, and the Company believes
that the terms of the furniture lease are competitive with similar leasing
arrangements available in the local area.

The Company purchased charter airline services from Air Eastern, Inc., and LP
Learjets, LLC, charter airline companies owned by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the
Company's Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President. The
Company paid $60,000, $84,000, and $50,000 in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, for such services. An additional $15,000 was paid in 2001 to
Aeroways, Inc., a chartered air service company not affiliated with Louis D.
Paolino, Jr., for the direct costs of flying the Learjet 31A owned by LP
Learjets, LLC. The Company believes that the rates charged are competitive when
compared with similar services provided by independent airline charter
companies. The Company's Audit Committee approved an arrangement between the
Company and LP Learjets, LLC, whereby the Company would pay $5,109 per month to
LP Learjets, LLC for the right to use a Learjet 31A for 100 hours per year.
Additionally, when the Learjet 31A is used, the Company pays to Aeroways, Inc.,
the direct costs of the Learjet's per-hour use, which include fuel, pilot fees,
engine insurance and landing fees.

Until September 2000, Robert M. Kramer, the Company's Chief Operating Officer,
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and a director, was engaged
in the part-time practice of law through Robert M. Kramer & Associates, P.C., a
professional corporation owned by Mr. Kramer. Robert M. Kramer & Associates,
P.C., had rendered legal services to the Company from April 1999 to August of
2000. The Company paid such corporation approximately $15,000, $163,000, and
$145,000 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. The Company has not paid such
corporation for legal services since January 2001 and does not anticipate any
future payments.

                                      F-24
<PAGE>

In 2001, the Company hired Premier Concrete, Inc., a company controlled by
Matthew J. Paolino, the Company's Vice President and a director, to assist with
underground tank removal and complete pavement re-surfacing at one of the
Company's car wash locations. Premier Concrete, Inc., the lowest responsible
bidder for the contract, has been paid $34,450 for its services in 2001. The
Company believes that the rates charged are competitive when compared with
similar service provided by independent contractors.

The Company purchased car wash parts, equipment and related services from
Sonny's Enterprises, Inc., a car wash parts and equipment company owned by Paul
G. Fazio, the brother of Michael Fazio, the Company's Vice President of
Operations until June 2000. Payments for such purchases totaled $391,000 in
fiscal year 1999 and approximately $558,000 in fiscal year 2000. The Company
contracted with Sonny's Enterprises, Inc. based on the competitive prices and
quality of such parts, equipment and services offered by Sonny's Enterprises,
Inc.

In February 2000, the Company entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the
Company. The Management Agreement entitled Mark Sport to operate the Company's
Security Products Division and receive all profits or losses for a seven-month
term beginning January 1, 2000. The Agreement was extended several times through
amendments with the most recent through April 30, 2002.The Agreement requires
Mark Sport to pay the Company $20,000 per month beginning February 2000 and
continuing through the term of the Management Agreement as extended.
Additionally, Mark Sport must pay the Company an amount equal to the
amortization and depreciation on the assets of the division at the end of the
term of the Agreement. During the term of the Agreement, Mark Sport must operate
the division in substantially the same manner as it was operated prior to the
Management Agreement. On February 21, 2002, Mark Sport and the Company amended
the Management Agreement. The Amendment extended the term of the Management
Agreement through April 30, 2002, and reconciled the amount owed by Mark Sport
to the Company under the Management Agreement from February 2000 through
December 31, 2001. Mark Sport and the Company agreed in the Amendment that Mark
Sport, as of December 31, 2001, owes the Company $126,847, resulting in a
resolution of certain disputes and a reduction of the amounts owed by Mark Sport
of approximately $92,000.

The Company's Security Products Division leases manufacturing and office space
under a five-year lease with Vermont Mill , which provides for monthly lease
payments of $6,667 beginning November 15, 1999. Vermont Mill is also controlled
by Jon E. Goodrich. On February 25, 2002, the Company and Vermont Mill amended
the lease. The original lease provided that Vermont Mill could increase the
lease payment $0.50 per square foot upon demonstration that Vermont Mill had a
higher paying third party tenant for the space occupied by the Company. The
lease amendment clarifies that the Company occupies 44,000 square feet in
Vermont Mill at a rental rate of $2.50 per square foot per year. The Company
believes that the revised lease rate is lower than lease rates charged for
similar properties in the Bennington, Vermont area.

Vermont Mill borrowed a total of $228,671 from the Company through December 31,
2001. On February 22, 2002, Vermont Mill executed a three year promissory note
with monthly installments of $7,061 including interest at a rate of 7%. The
Company's Lease Agreement with Vermont Mill provides for a right of offset of
lease payments against this promissory note in the event monthly payments are
not made by Vermont Mill.

21.  Segment Reporting

The Company currently operates in one business segment: the Car Care segment,
supplying complete car and truck care services (including wash, detailing, lube,
and minor repairs, fuel and merchandise sales). During 1999 the Company also
operated in two additional business segments: the Security Products sales
segment, producing and marketing retail consumer safety and security products,
and the Computer Products and Services segment, developing software and
manufacturing products and hardware for management and control of the car care
industry.

On June 2, 2000 the Company sold its computer products and services subsidiary.
Accordingly, the operating results for this segment have been segregated from
continuing operations and are being reported as discontinued operations.

The Company evaluates performances and allocates resources based on operating
income of each reportable segment rather than at the operating unit level. The
Company defines operating income as revenues less cost of revenues, selling,
general and administrative expense, and depreciation and amortization expense.
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2). There
is no intercompany profit or loss on intersegment sales.

The Company's reportable segments are business units that offer different
services and products. The reportable segments are each managed separately
because they provide distinct services or produce and distribute distinct
products through different processes.

                                      F-25
<PAGE>

  Selected financial information for each reportable segment is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                         -----------------------------------------
                                                             2001           2000          1999
                                                         ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>            <C>
Revenues:
      Car care - external customers                      $ 47,984,455   $ 47,783,224   $22,320,480
      Security products - external customers                        -              -     3,435,312
      Security products - operating agreement                 240,000        220,000             -
      Security products - intersegment revenues                     -              -        11,620
      Elimination of intersegment revenues                          -              -       (11,620)
                                                         ------------   ------------   -----------
                                                         $ 48,224,455   $ 48,003,224   $25,755,792
                                                         ============   ============   ===========

Operating income (loss):
      Car care                                           $  3,799,874   $  2,896,051   $ 3,194,088
      Security products - operating agreement                 147,805        220,000      (942,002)
                                                         ------------   ------------   -----------
                                                         $  3,947,679   $  3,116,051   $ 2,252,086
                                                         ============   ============   ===========

Assets:
      Car care                                           $100,528,855   $102,615,891   $93,283,956
      Security products                                     4,141,151      3,515,537     4,353,734
      Computer products and services                                -              -       477,666
                                                         ------------   ------------   -----------
                                                         $104,670,006   $106,131,428   $98,115,356
                                                         ============   ============   ===========

Capital expenditures:
      Car care                                           $  1,886,080   $  2,154,247   $ 5,266,537
      Security products                                             -         14,813        88,463
                                                         ------------   ------------   -----------
                                                         $  1,886,080   $  2,169,060   $ 5,355,000
                                                         ============   ============   ===========

Depreciation and amortization:
      Car care                                           $  2,720,692   $  2,467,217   $   834,298
      Security products                                        92,195              -       261,219
                                                         ------------   ------------   -----------
                                                         $  2,812,887   $  2,467,217   $ 1,095,517
                                                         ============   ============   ===========
</TABLE>

A reconciliation of operating income for reportable segments to total reported
operating income (loss) is as follows:

                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                         -------------------------------------
                                            2001         2000         1999
                                         ----------   ----------   -----------
      Total operating income for
         reportable segments             $3,947,679   $3,116,051   $ 2,252,086
      Costs of terminated acquisitions      134,759      580,000             -
      Merger costs                                -            -     1,875,000
      Restructuring, asset write-downs
         and change in control charges            -      137,904     1,519,000
                                         ----------   ----------   -----------
      Total operating income (loss)      $3,812,920   $2,398,147   $(1,141,914)
                                         ==========   ==========   ===========


22.  Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Year ended December 31, 2001
                         ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                             Net       Diluted Net
                                                            Income       Income
                           Revenues       Gross Profit      (Loss)      Per Share
                         ------------     ------------    ----------   -----------
      <S>                <C>              <C>             <C>          <C>
      1/st/ Quarter       $12,828,926      $ 3,748,640      $301,878     $    0.01
      2/nd/ Quarter        13,041,613        3,894,378       358,350     $    0.01
      3/rd/ Quarter        10,965,189        2,826,506       (19,719)            -
      4/th/ Quarter        11,388,727        3,657,451       267,117     $    0.01
                         ------------     ------------    ----------
      Total               $48,224,455      $14,126,975      $907,626     $    0.04
                         ============     ============    ==========

<CAPTION>
                                        Year ended December 31, 2000
                         ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                             Net       Diluted Net
                                                            Income    Income (Loss)
                           Revenues       Gross Profit      (Loss)      Per Share
                         ------------     ------------    ----------  -------------
      <S>                <C>              <C>              <C>         <C>
      1/st/ Quarter       $11,760,234      $ 3,534,957     $ 280,467     $    0.01
      2/nd/ Quarter        12,171,438        3,355,605       393,842     $    0.02
      3/rd/ Quarter        12,683,915        3,023,921       (83,577)            -
      4/th/ Quarter        11,387,637        2,971,697      (272,673)    $   (0.01)
                         ------------     ------------    ----------
      Total               $48,003,224      $12,886,180     $ 318,059     $    0.01
                         ============     ============    ==========
</TABLE>

                                      F-26
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
No.            Description
- ---            -----------

10.135         Amendment dated February 21, 2002 to Management Agreement between
               the Company and Mark Sport, Inc. and original Management
               Agreement dated February 1, 2000 to which the amendment relates.
10.136         Amendment dated February 25, 2002 to Lease Agreement between the
               Company and Vermont Mill Properties, Inc. and original Lease
               Agreement dated November 15, 1999 to which the amendment relates.
10.137         Promissory Note between the Company and Vermont Mill Properties,
               Inc. dated February 22, 2002 in the amount of $228,671.
10.138         Extension dated February 6, 2002 of Equity Purchase Agreement
               between the Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.

11             Statement Re: Computation of Per Share Earnings

21             Subsidiaries of the Company

23.1           Consent of Grant Thornton LLP

                                      F-27

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.135
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex10135.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO MGT AGMT MARK SPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.135


                               FURTHER AMENDMENT
                            TO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

     This Amendment dated as of February 21, 2002 (the "Amendment"), has been
executed by and between Mace Security International, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Owner"), and, Mark Sport, Inc., a Vermont corporation
("Operator").

                                   RECITALS

     The parties to this Amendment are the current parties in interest to that
certain Management Agreement dated February 1, 2000, as amended and extended (as
so amended and extended, the "Management Agreement"). Owner and Operator are in
disagreement as to the net amount owed as of December 31, 2001, between the
parties under the terms of the Management Agreement, with Owner asserting that
Operator owes Owner $219,042 in net payments, and Operator asserting that Owner
owes Operator a net payment.

     The parties by this Amendment wish to set forth the terms upon which all
payment obligations under the Management Agreement as of December 31, 2001, are
specifically determined, and further wish to extend the term of the Management
Agreement, as modified and amended hereinbelow.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, received to the
full satisfaction of each of them, the parties hereby agree to amend the
Management Agreement as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                  Amendments

     1.1  All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in the Management Agreement.

     1.2  The parties hereto agree that, notwithstanding any previous dispute as
to amounts owed between the parties, the net amount owed between the parties as
of December 31, 2001, for any and all payments, reimbursements and costs
provided for in the Management Agreement, whether by way of Monthly Payment,
Operator Fee, Balance Statement Payment, Operating Revenue, Operating Cost,
Capital Cost, Depreciation Expense Payment, or otherwise, is the net amount of
$126,847 owed by Operator to Owner. The parties further agree that the $92,195
difference between the $219,042 receivable on Owner's books as of December 31,
2001 and the $126,847 receivable agreed to under this Paragraph 1.2, shall be
recorded by Owner as a reduction of the Depreciation and Expense Payment
receivable accrued by Owner through December 31, 2001.

     1.3  The term of the Management Agreement shall be extended to April 30,
2002.

                                       1
<PAGE>

     1.4  The parties agree that for purposes of calculating the Balance
Statement Payment upon termination of the Management Agreement, the Ending
Balance Statement shall be compared to the December 31, 2001, balance statement
of the Business (a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A), instead of
being compared to the January Balance Statement as provided in the original
Management Agreement. The parties further agree that the Depreciation and
Expense Payment due under Paragraph 5.3 shall be calculated from January 1, 2002
through the end of Management Term, instead of from February 1, 2000 through the
end of the Management Term.

     1.5  The parties confirm that the amount referred to in Paragraph 1.2 above
will not be covered by, nor will it be subject to, the Guaranty Agreement signed
by Jon Goodrich dated February 1, 2000.

     1.6  Operator agrees to pay Owner the amount set forth in Section 1.2 above
within thirty days of the termination of the Management Agreement, as extended
hereby, in addition to any additional amounts that may arise under the
Management Agreement between December 31, 2001, and April 30, 2002. If Operator
is owed any commission under Section 13.3 of the Management Agreement, Operator
may offset any payment Operator owes Owner against the commission owed Operator
under Section 13.3 of the Management Agreement. Owner also agrees to pay
Operator any net amounts due Operator (if any) within 30 days of the termination
of the Management Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE II
                                 Miscellaneous

     2.1  All references in the Management Agreement to "this Agreement" or like
terms shall mean and be a reference to the Management Agreement as amended by
this Amendment and all references to "the Management Agreement" or a like term
in any agreement executed in connection with the Management Agreement shall mean
and be a reference to the Management Agreement as amended by this Amendment. The
parties further acknowledge that the Management Agreement is to be strictly
enforced and that there are no oral or other understandings concerning the
Management Agreement which are not contained in the four corners of the
Management Agreement.

     2.2  Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Management
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment on the date
first above written.

                                 OWNER:
                                 Mace Security International, Inc.

                                 By:   /s/ Robert M. Kramer
                                     Robert M. Kramer, Executive Vice President


                                 OPERATOR:
                                 Mark Sport, Inc.

                                 By:   /s/ Jon E. Goodrich
                                     Jon E. Goodrich, President

                                       3
<PAGE>

                             MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT


                                by and between


                       Mace Security International, Inc.


                                      and


                               Mark Sport, Inc.
<PAGE>

                             MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT
                             --------------------

     THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") has been entered into effective
February 1, 2000, by and between Mace Security International, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Owner"), and, Mark Sport, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Operator").

                                   RECITALS:

     Owner is the lessee of certain real property having the common address of
180-200 Benmont Avenue, Bennington, Vermont ("Facility").  The Facility is a
portion of a building consisting of 159,651 square feet, more or less, of
improved and unimproved space, and commonly known as the "Holden-Leonard Mill"
or the "Big Mill."  Owner leases the Facility from Vermont Mill Properties,
Inc., under a Sub Lease Agreement dated November 15, 1999.  Owner operates its
Consumer Products Division, MACB Division, Franchise Division and Kiosk Division
("Business") from the Facility.  Operator desires to provide certain operations,
management, maintenance, and other services relating to the Business, as set
forth in this Management Agreement, and Owner is interested in having the
Operator provide such services.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises
and agreements of the parties herein expressed, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                  DEFINITIONS
                                  -----------

     The following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Article I
when capitalized and used in this Agreement.  The meanings specified are
applicable to both the singular and the plural.

     "Affiliate" shall mean with respect to any person, any other person who,
      ---------
either alone or acting in concert with other persons, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with such person.  For purposes of this
definition, "control," as used with respect to any person or group of persons
acting in concert, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct management and policies of the controlled person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise.

     "Agreement" shall mean this Management Agreement, as it may be amended or
      ---------
supplemented from time to time.

     "Business" shall mean the Consumer Products Division, MACB Division,
      --------
Franchise Division and Kiosk Division and T.G. Guard Division owned and operated
by Owner and as reported in its filings under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 ("Exchange Act") and in its internal financial records.

     "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Sunday or legal holiday.
      ------------

                                       1
<PAGE>

     "Capital Costs" shall mean expenditures relating to the facility, the
      -------------
Equipment, and/or the Business which are of a capital nature, in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.

     "Commencement Date" shall mean February 1, 2000, the date on which Operator
      -----------------
shall commence its responsibilities under this Agreement, as also set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof.

     "Confidential Information shall mean any products, ideas, or compilations
      ------------------------
of information in any form which is not in the public domain, in connection with
the operation of the Business and related to the Owner's research and
development activities.  By way of illustration and without limiting the
foregoing, Confidential Information shall include, to the extent such items
relate to or are prepared in connection with the Business, any and all (a)
engineering and other sketches, (b) drawings and tracings, (c) patent
applications, (d) specifications, (e) photographs, (f) memoranda, (g) notebooks,
(h) designs, (i) bills of materials, (j) sources of supplies and materials, (k)
cost and financial data, (l) processes, (m) production machinery and equipment,
(n) procedures, (o) merchandising methods, (p) ideas, illustrations, and know-
how, (q) customer lists and (r) distributor lists.

     "Day" shall mean a calendar day (including Saturdays, Sundays, and
      ---
holidays), except that, in the event that an obligation to be performed under
this Agreement falls due on a calendar day which is not a Business Day, the
obligation shall be deemed due on the next Business Day thereafter.

     "Depreciation and Amortization Expense" shall mean the depreciation and
      -------------------------------------
amortization charges the Owner takes on its financial records with respect to
the Facility, Equipment, Intellectual Property and any other tangible and
intangible personal property used in connection with the Business, all in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

     "Equipment" shall mean all of the equipment, apparatus, structures, tools,
      ---------
and other goods used in the operation of Business, and any and all replacements,
additions and accessions thereto.

     "Ending Balance Statement" shall mean a balance statement of the Facility,
      ------------------------
Equipment, Intellectual Property and all other assets and liabilities relating
to the Business as of the last day of the month that the Management Term
expires.  All valuations on the Ending Balance Statement shall be those used by
Owner in the filing of its required reports under the Exchange Act, all prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, except there shall
be no decrease in the value of the accounts receivables due to any of the
January Receivables not being collected during the Management Term and there
shall be no decrease in the value of inventory value due to any January
Inventory not being sold during the Management Term.

     "Excusable Cause" shall mean an event of Force Majeure which is beyond the
      ---------------
control of the Operator and not caused by the act, omission or negligence of
Operator or its Subcontractors.

     "Facility" the improved real property having the common address of 180-200
      --------
Benmont Avenue, Bennington, Vermont, which is a portion of a building consisting
of 159,651 square feet,

                                       2
<PAGE>

more or less, of improved and unimproved space, commonly known as the "Holden-
Leonard Mill" or the "Big Mill." Owner leases the Facility from Vermont Mill
Properties, Inc. under a Sub Lease Agreement dated November 15, 1999.

     "Force Majeure" shall mean any act, event or condition that has had or may
      -------------
reasonably be expected to have a material, adverse effect on the ability of the
party relying thereon to perform its obligations under this Agreement, which
act, event or condition is beyond the reasonable control of, and is not the
result of the willful or negligent action or inaction of, the party relying
thereon as justification for not performing an obligation or complying with any
condition required of such party under this Agreement.  Such act or events may
include, but shall not be limited to, the following:

          (a)  an act of God, epidemic, lightning, earthquake, fire, explosion,
storm, hurricane, flood, landslide, sink hole or similar occurrence, an act of a
public enemy, or blockade, insurrection, sabotage, riot, general arrest or
restraint on government and people, civil disturbance, or similar occurrence;

          (b)  the failure of any appropriate federal, state, county or city
public agency or private utility having operational jurisdiction in the area in
which the Facility is located, to provide and maintain utilities and utility
services, water and sewer lines, and power transmission lines to the Facility
which are required for and essential to the operation of the Business;

     "Hazardous Waste" means any quantity of material, substance or waste which
      ---------------
by reason of its composition or characteristic is (a) defined, characterized or
identified as hazardous waste in either the Solid Waste Disposal Act, 42 U.S.C.
6901 et. seq., as replaced or amended, and the regulations thereunder, or by the
United States Environmental Protection Agency or by any comparable Vermont state
agency, pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, or
in applicable Vermont statues as the same may be replaced or amended, and the
regulations thereunder or (b) radioactive materials or special nuclear or by-
products material within the meaning of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as
replaced or amended.  If any governmental agency or unit having appropriate
jurisdiction shall determine that substances which are not, as of the date
hereof, considered hazardous as defined under the statutes specified in (a) or
(b) above, are hazardous under such statutes, then such substances shall be
Hazardous Waste for the purposes of this Agreement as of the effective date of
such determination.

     "Intellectual Property" shall mean the copyrights, patents, trade names,
      ---------------------
and service marks used in connection with the Business.

     "January Balance Statement" shall mean a balance statement of the Facility,
      -------------------------
Equipment and all other assets and liabilities relating to the Business as of
January 31, 2000, prepared by Owner. All valuations on the January Balance
Statement shall be those used by Owner in the filing of its required reports
under the Exchange Act, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     "January Receivables" shall mean the account receivables for the Business,
      -------------------
as set forth on the January Balance Statement.

     "January Inventory" shall mean the inventory for the Business, as set forth
      -----------------
on the January Balance Statement.

     "Labor Costs" shall mean the hourly wage or salary paid to the employees
      -----------
before deductions, and shall include customary and usual fringe benefits,
payroll taxes, and unemployment taxes.  For the purposes of this Agreement,
Labor Costs shall include the actual wages or salary, including fringe benefits,
payroll taxes and unemployment taxes paid to officers and employees of Owner
(excluding key executive officers of the Owner) for the time said officers and
employees worked at the Facility and/or in the Business.

     "Laws" shall mean all ordinances, laws, codes or other legislative or
      ----
administrative acts of the United States of America, any State or any local
government or any agency, department, authority, political subdivision or other
instrumentality of any thereof, having jurisdiction over the Business, the
Operator or the Owner, and all final decrees, judgments or orders of a court or
any such legal agency which are legally binding and enforceable and all permits,
licenses and standards, including all safety and environmental requirements.

     "Management Term" shall mean the period during which the Operator manages
      ---------------
the Business under the provisions of this Agreement, which period shall commence
on February 1, 2000, and shall end on July 30, 2000, unless the parties hereto
agree to extend the Management Term as provided in Section 9.2.

     "Net Operating Revenues" shall mean the difference, calculated on a
      ----------------------
calendar month accrual basis, between (i) the Operating Revenues and (ii) the
total of the Operating Costs and the Capital Costs.

     "Operating Costs" shall mean any and all costs and expenses in connection
      ---------------
with the management, operation and conduct of the Business and the maintenance
of the Facility, Equipment and Intellectual Property, incurred, accrued or
expensed during the term of this Agreement, including, by way of example rather
than limitation, any and all (i) Labor Costs; (ii) costs and expenses in
connection with the acquisition (whether by purchase or lease) and maintenance
of the Equipment; (iii) the costs of licenses, permits, approvals, bonds,
letters of credit, inspections required for the operation of the Facility; (iv)
lease payments, real property taxes, personal property taxes, employer taxes,
and present or future duties or taxes imposed specifically on the Business,
expressly relating to the Business and or Services (excluding all of Owner's
federal and state income taxes; (v) the costs of operating the kiosks maintained
by the Business; (vi) the costs of providing utilities and utility services
required for the safe and efficient operation of the Facility; (viii) legal and
accounting fees (both from outside professionals and inside employees) related
to the Facility, the Intellectual Property and the operation of the Business;
(ix) the costs of research and development of products and of obtaining and
maintaining, patens, trademarks and service marks; (x) the costs relating to the
franchises sold by the Owner; (xi) training and educational expenses, insurance
and

                                       4
<PAGE>

other reasonable and necessary general and administrative costs incurred and
allocable to the operation of the Business and Facility; (xii) costs of
marketing, promoting, selling, transporting, storing or otherwise distributing
the products of the Business.  Operating Costs shall not include income taxes of
Owner or Operator, nor any Capital Costs or the Depreciation and Amortization
Expense.

     "Operating Revenues" shall mean all revenues, rentals, payments and fees
      ------------------
generated by the Facility and Business, including, without limitation, gross
sales prices of products sold by the Business.

     "Operator" shall have the meaning set forth in the initial paragraph of
      --------
this Agreement.

     "Operator Indemnified Parties" shall have the meaning given such term in
      ----------------------------
Article XII hereof.

     "Owner" shall have the meaning set forth in the initial paragraph of this
      -----
Agreement.

     "Owner Indemnified Parties" shall have the meaning given such term in
      -------------------------
Article XII hereof.

     "Services" shall mean all of the operations, maintenance and management
      --------
services to be performed by Operator pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

     "Subcontract" shall mean any contractor, constructor, supplier, or vendor
      -----------
engaged by Operator pursuant to this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE II
              RELATIONSHIP OF OWNER, OPERATOR, AND SUBCONTRACTORS
              ---------------------------------------------------

     2.1  Status of Operator.  Operator shall perform and execute the provisions
          ------------------
of this Agreement as an independent contractor to Owner and shall not be an
agent or employee of Owner.

     2.2  Subcontracts and Subcontractors.  Without the prior written approval
          -------------------------------
of Owner, Operator shall have the right to enter into such agreements and to
have services performed by Subcontractors pursuant to written Subcontracts
between Operator and such Subcontractors.  No contractual relationship shall
exist between Owner and any Subcontractor with respect to the Services to be
performed hereunder.  No Subcontractor is intended to be or shall be deemed a
third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.  To the maximum extent practicable,
Owner shall communicate with any Subcontractor only through Operator.

                                  ARTICLE III
                          OPERATOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES
                          ---------------------------

     Operator shall have the responsibility to perform the operation and
management and maintenance services delineated in this Article III.

                                       5
<PAGE>

     3.1  Day-to-day Operation of the Business.  Operator during the Management
          -------------------------------------
Term of this Agreement shall manage the day-to-day operation of the Business.
In connection with operating the Business, the Operator shall be entitled to use
the Facility, Equipment and Intellectual Property. Operator's duties in managing
the Business shall be as follows:

     (a)  carry on the Business in substantially the same manner as it has been
operated prior to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the
manufacturing of products for sale, supervision of employees, the sale and
merchandising of products, collection of accounts receivable, the use of the
Intellectual Property, and payment of liabilities; however, the Operator shall
not introduce any material new method of management, or operation, without
Owner's consent;

     (b)  maintain the Facilities and Equipment in as good working order and
condition as at present, ordinary wear and tear excepted;

     (c)  keep the Intellectual Property protected and properly registered;

     (d)  perform Owner's obligations under agreements relating to or affecting
the Business, the Facility and the Equipment, including payment of debts as they
become due;

     (e)  supervise all of the employees of the Owner who work in the Business,
excepting only the accounting and financial employees who shall be supervised by
Owner;

     (f)  keep in full force and effect present insurance policies relating to
the Business or other comparable insurance coverage with reputable insurers;

     (g)  maintain and preserve the Business's relationships with suppliers,
customers, consultants, independent contractors and others having relations with
the Business;

     (h)  maintain compliance with all Laws;

     (i)  take, use, provide, and make all proper, necessary, and sufficient
precautions, safeguards, and protections against the occurrence or happening of
any accidental injuries or damages in connection with its performance of the
Services.

     (j)  cooperate with Owner in the preparation of monthly interim financial
statements relating to the Business.

     3.2  Inventories and Accounts Receivables.  During the Management Term,
          ------------------------------------
the Operator shall use all efforts to sell the January Inventory prior to any
inventory manufactured during the Management Term.  During the Management Term,
the Operator shall use all efforts to collect all January Receivables prior to
the collection of accounts receivables created during the Management Term.
During the Management Term, any inventory sales shall first be applied against
the January Inventory on a first-in, first-out basis.  During the Management
Term, any funds collect on accounts

                                       6
<PAGE>

receivables from a customer shall be applied to oldest account receivable
outstanding from the customer, regardless of any priority requested by the
customer.

     3.3  Prohibited Activities.  During the term of this Agreement, Operator
          ---------------------
shall not, without the prior written consent of Owner:

     (a)  enter into any contract or commitment or incur or agree to incur any
liability or make any capital expenditures in excess of an aggregate of $10,000,
except in the normal course of business;

     (b)  increase the compensation payable or to become payable to any,
employee, consultant or agent, or make any bonus or management fee payment to
any such person, or hire any employee, consultant or agent, except for hiring
which may be terminated on thirty (30) days' notice;

     (c)  create, assume or permit to exist any mortgage, pledge or other lien
or encumbrance upon any assets or properties of the Owner whether now owned or
hereafter acquired;

     (d)  sell, assign, lease or otherwise transfer or dispose of any property
or equipment, except in the normal course of business;

     (e)  negotiate to acquire any business or begin any new business or
project;

     (f)  merge or consolidate or agree to merge or consolidate with or into any
other corporation;

     (g)  waive any of Owner's material rights or claims;

     (h)  breach or permit a breach of, amend or terminate, any material
agreement, or any permit, license or other agreement or right to which Owner is
a party;

     (i)  enter into any other transaction outside the ordinary course of the
Business as conducted prior to the date of this Agreement;

     3.4  Subcontractors.  Operator shall be solely responsible for the
          --------------
engagement and management of Subcontractors in the performance of the Services;
however, neither the engagement of Subcontractors nor Owner's consent thereto
shall relieve Operator of its responsibilities under this Agreement.

     3.5  Maintenance of Confidentiality.  Operator agrees to maintain in
          ------------------------------
confidence all Confidential Information of Owner in its possession.  Except for
use of Confidential Information for the purpose of operating the Facility and
Business, Operator shall not, without the prior written consent of Owner,
publish, disclose, copy, or use at any time any Confidential Information of
Owner of which Operator becomes aware, informed, or otherwise acquires during
the period of operation. Operator shall take all necessary steps to instruct
persons with authorized access to Confidential Information as to the
requirements of this provision and to prevent the breach of this provision by
such persons.

                                       7
<PAGE>

     3.6  Compliance with Laws.  Operator shall at all times perform the
          --------------------
Services and its obligations under this Agreement in compliance with all
applicable Laws.  Operator shall at all times dispose of and handle all
Hazardous Waste in accordance with the requirements of all Laws.

                                  ARTICLE IV
                           OWNER'S RESPONSIBILITIES
                           ------------------------

     4.1  Access.  At all times during the Management Term, Owner shall grant to
          ------
Operator dominion, control and quite enjoyment of the Facility, the Equipment,
the Intellectual Property and all other assets of the Business for the purposes
of managing the Business under the provisions of this Agreement.

     4.2  Conditions.  The Facility, Equipment and Intellectual Property shall
          ----------
be in "as is" condition.

     4.3  Disclosure of Information.  Owner shall provide Operator with all
          -------------------------
current operation and maintenance documents and information that are required
for the operation of the Business and the maintenance of the Facility and
Equipment.  Should any information provided to Operator be classified as
confidential or proprietary, Owner shall use reasonable efforts to obtain all
necessary authorizations, releases, acknowledgments, or other approvals
necessary to provide Operator access to and use of such information.  Operator
shall comply with all reasonable requests to protect the confidential or
proprietary nature of such information, including, but not limited to the
execution and delivery of a confidentiality agreement, in the form provided by
Owner.

     4.4  Owner's Permit Obligations.  Owner shall provide to Operator and shall
          --------------------------
use its best efforts to maintain any and all Federal, state, local or other
authorizations, certificates, licenses, permits (including environmental)
inspections and other governmental approvals necessary for the operation of the
Business.

     4.5  Financial Reporting and Accounting.  Owner shall be responsible for
          ----------------------------------
the accounting controls of the Business and for preparing all financial reports
of the Business.  Owner shall provide to Operator copies of all financial
reports concerning the Business which are reasonably requested by the Operator.
Owner shall maintain such books and records as may be required for the Operator
to (i) know the amount of all monthly Operating Revenues, Operating Costs and
Capital Costs, and (ii) for Operator to pay all monthly Operating Costs and
Capital Costs.  The books and records of the Business shall be available once
each month for review by Operator during normal business hours with reasonable
advance notice.  Operator shall cooperate with Owner in the preparation of the
financial reports of the Business and Operator shall promptly forward to Owner
all correspondence and records received by Operator concerning the Business.

                                       8
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE V
                           PAYMENT AMOUNT AND TERMS
                           ------------------------

     5.1  Operating Costs and Operating Revenues.  Operator shall be responsible
          --------------------------------------
for billing and collecting all accounts and receivables generated by the
operation of the Business.  Operator shall use Owner's existing bank accounts
and procedures governing the use, collection and receipt of accounts
receivables, as are currently in existence.  The Operating Revenues of the
Business shall be used by the Operator to pay the Operating Costs and Capital
Costs of the Business.   Subject to Section 5.2 hereof, Operator shall pay all
Operating Costs and Capital Costs from the Operating Revenues on a monthly basis
or otherwise in accordance with the terms of any agreements with respect to such
costs.

     5.2  Payment of Operating Costs.
          --------------------------

     (a)  Operator shall pay or provide all funds necessary to pay all Operating
Costs and Capital Costs on a monthly basis on and after the date of this
Agreement for as long as Operator is operating the Business. All Operating Costs
and Capital Costs shall be deductible from Operating Revenues. Should any
month's Operating Revenues be insufficient to satisfy the same month's Operating
Costs and Capital Costs, then the Operator shall fund the amount of the
shortfall to the Owner within five (5) days of Owner providing Operator with a
written computation of the shortfall.

     (b)  Owner shall be entitled to withdraw from the Business the outstanding
cash balance reflected on the January Balance Statement.  Operator shall not
have the use of the outstanding cash balance reflected on the January Balance
Statement.

     5.3  Owner's Payments.  Each month during the Management Term, commencing
          ----------------
on February 15, 2000, and continuing on the fifteenth day of each month
thereafter, Operator shall pay the Owner the sum of Twenty Thousand ($20,000)
Dollars ("Monthly Payment").  Operator shall also pay to Owner the sum of all
Depreciation and Amortization Expense accrued during the Management Term twenty
(20) days after the expiration of the Management Term ("Depreciation and Expense
Payment").  The Monthly Payment and Depreciation and Expense Payment shall be
paid to Owner by Operator, regardless of whether the Operating Revenue during
the Management Term exceeded the Operating Costs and Capital Costs.

     5.4  Operator's Fees.  The parties hereto agree that in consideration of
          ---------------
Operator's performance of the Services, Operator during the Management Term,
shall be entitled to retain for its own account each month all Net Operating
Revenue for the month ("Operator Fee"). The Operator's Fee shall be calculated
by the Owner and shall be paid monthly by the twentieth day of the month after
the month for which the Net Revenue was calculated, based on the financial
records maintained by the Owner as set forth in Section 4.5.

     5.5  Balance Statement Payments.  Within forty five (45) days after the
          --------------------------
expiration of the Management Term, Owner shall compile the Ending Balance
Statement.  If assets less the liabilities of the Business as stated on the
Ending Balance Statement, exceed the assets less the liabilities of the Business
as stated on the January Balance Statement, the Owner shall pay the amount of
the excess to the Operator.  If assets less the liabilities of

                                       9
<PAGE>

the Business as stated on the January Balance Statement exceed the assets less
the liabilities of the Business as stated on the Ending Balance Statement, the
Operator shall pay the amount of the excess to the Owner. All payments due under
this Section 5.5 shall be paid within ten (10) days of the date that Owner
provides to Operator a true and correct copy of the Ending Balance Statement.

     5.6  Disputes.  Operator may, in good faith, contest the validity,
          --------
reasonableness, or accuracy of any Operating Revenue, Operating Cost, Capital
Costs, Ending Balance Sheet or other amount submitted by Owner to Operator, and
shall notify Owner of the reasons for contesting such amount, whereupon Owner
shall have the right to amend computations. All disputes shall be resolved
pursuant to Article VIII hereof.  In the event it is determined that Operator or
Owner has improperly withheld any such disputed amounts, Operator or Owner, as
applicable, shall immediately pay to the other the disputed amount, together
with interest at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum.  In the event
Operator or Owner fails to pay undisputed amounts required to be paid to the
other party under this Article V in accordance with this Article V, the party to
whom payment is owed shall not have the right to declare the other party in
default of its obligations hereunder, until such time as (i) the party who is
owed payment delivers notice to the other party stating that undisputed amounts
are due and owing to hereunder and that the party who failed to pay will be
declared in default of its obligations hereunder unless such undisputed amounts
are paid within ten (10) Days after the date of such notice, and (ii) the party
who owed the payment fails to pay the such undisputed amounts as are due and
owing to the other party within such ten (10) Day period.

                                  ARTICLE VI
                                  OPERATIONS
                                  ----------

     6.1  Operations.  The Operator has sole authority to operate Business under
          ----------
the terms of this Agreement during the Management Term.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                   INSURANCE
                                   ---------

     7.1  Operator's Insurance.  During the Management Term, Operator shall
          --------------------
maintain, with insurance carriers acceptable to Owner, insurance coverages of
the type and in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily covered
and insured against by persons in similar businesses as Operator, but in no
event less than insurance coverages that will protect Owner from claims set
forth below that may arise out of or result from Operator's activities under
this Agreement, whether such activities are performed by itself or by anyone
directly or indirectly employed by Operator, or by anyone for whose acts any of
them may liable: (i) claims under Worker's or Workmen's Compensation, as
required by applicable law and subject to statutory limits, for Operator's
employees (it is acknowledged that Owner's employees will be covered by the
Owner's Workmen's Compensation insurance); and (ii) comprehensive general
liability insurance including claims for

                                      10
<PAGE>

damages because of bodily injury, occupational sickness or disease or death of
Operator's employees, with a single limit of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000).

     7.2  Owner's Insurance.  Owner shall maintain its existing casualty and
          -----------------
liability insurance coverages on the Facility; and (ii) Worker's Compensation
insurance as required by applicable law. Any losses within the deductible
provided for in all such insurance shall be borne by Owner.

     7.3  Non-waiver.  The failure of Owner or Operator to comply with the
          ----------
foregoing insurance requirements shall in no way waive their respective
obligations or liabilities under this Agreement or the rights of Owner hereunder
against Operator or the rights of Operator hereunder against Owner.

     7.4  Right to Insure.  Should Operator or Owner fail to provide or maintain
          ---------------
any of the insurance coverages referred to in this Article VII, Operator or
Owner, as the case may be, shall have the right to provide or maintain such
coverage at the other's expense.

                                 ARTICLE VIII
                              DISPUTE RESOLUTION
                              ------------------

     8.1  Procedure.
          ---------

     (a)  In the event a dispute arises between Owner and Operator regarding the
performance, application, or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement,
the aggrieved party shall notify the other party to this Agreement of the
dispute, except no further notice shall be required where the notice required by
Section 5.6, 12.3(a) or 12.4 has been sent.  Notices sent under Section 5.6,
12.3(a) or 12.4 shall constitute a notice under this Section 8.1(a).  If the
parties shall have failed to resolve the dispute to their mutual satisfaction
within fifteen (15) Days after delivery of such notice, then such dispute will
be submitted to and decided by binding arbitration upon the written demand of
either party.

     (b)  Disputes which can not be resolved by the parties within the time set
forth in Section 8.1(a) above shall be settled by arbitration in Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania,  in accordance with the commercial rules (the "Rules") of the
American Arbitration Association then obtaining, and judgment upon the award
rendered in such arbitration shall be final and binding upon the parties and may
be confirmed in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this Agreement to arbitrate shall not bar any party from seeking
temporary or provisional remedies in any Court having jurisdiction.  Notice of
the demand for arbitration shall be filed in writing with the other party to
this Agreement, which such demand shall set forth in the same degree of
particularity as required for complaints under the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure the claims to be submitted to arbitration.  Additionally, the demand
for arbitration shall be stated with reasonable particularity with respect to
such demand with documents attached as appropriate.  In no event shall the
demand for arbitration be made after the date when institution of legal or
equitable proceedings based on such claim, dispute or other matter in question
would be barred by the applicable statutes of limitations.

                                      11
<PAGE>

     (c)  The arbitrators shall have the authority and jurisdiction to determine
their own jurisdiction and enter any preliminary awards that would aid and
assist the conduct of the arbitration or preserve the parties' rights with
respect to the arbitration as the arbitrators shall deem appropriate in their
discretion.  The award of the arbitrators shall be in writing and it shall
specify in detail the issues submitted to arbitration and the award of the
arbitrators with respect to each of the issues so submitted.

     (d)  Within forty five (45) days after the commencement of any arbitration
proceeding under this Agreement, each party shall file with the arbitrators its
contemplated discovery plan outlining the desired documents to be produced, the
depositions to be take, if ordered by the arbitrators in accordance with the
Rules, and any other discovery action sought in the arbitration proceeding.
After a preliminary hearing, the arbitrators shall fix the scope and content of
each party's discovery plan as the arbitrators deem appropriate.  The
arbitrators shall have the authority to modify, amend or change the discovery
plans of the parties upon application by either party, if good cause appears for
doing so.

     (e)  The award pursuant to such arbitration will be final, binding and
conclusive.

     (g)  Counsel to Owner and Operator in connection with the negotiation of
and consummation of the transactions under this Agreement shall be entitled to
represent their respective party in any and all proceedings under this Section
or in any other proceeding (collectively, "Proceedings"). Owner and Operator,
respectively, waive the right and agree they shall not seek to disqualify any
such counsel in any such Proceedings for any reason, including but not limited
to the fact that such counsel or any member thereof may be a witness in any such
Proceedings or possess or have learned of information of a confidential or
financial nature of the party whose interests are adverse to the party
represented by such counsel in any such Proceedings.

     8.2  Continuation of Work.  Pending final resolution of any dispute
          --------------------
pursuant to Section 8.1, the parties shall continue to fulfill their respective
obligations hereunder.

                                  ARTICLE IX
                           COMMENCEMENT AND RENEWAL
                           ------------------------

     9.1  Commencement.  The Commencement Date of this Agreement shall be the
          ------------
date of this Agreement.

     9.2  Management Term.  Except as may otherwise be noted herein, this
          ---------------
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for an initial term commencing
on February 1, 2000, and ending on July 30, 2000, after which this Agreement may
be extended in six-month increments upon the joint written agreement of Owner
and Operator.  The obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive the
expiration of the Management Term; however, upon the expiration of the
Management Term, the Operator shall no longer manage the Business.

                                      12
<PAGE>

     9.3  MACB Division.  Operator acknowledges that Owner may sell the MACB
          --------------
division. During the Management Term, Owner may sell the MACB division and upon
consummation of the sale, the Business shall no longer include the MACB division
and all assets, liabilities, Operating Revenue, Operating Costs and Capital
Costs of the MACB division shall be eliminated from the provisions of this
Agreement from the date that the sale is consummated.  If the MACB division is
sold during the Management Term, (i) the Amortization and Depreciation Expense
on the assets sold as part of the MACB division shall not be included as part of
the Amortization and Depreciation Payment due under Section 5.3, and (ii) the
assets and liabilities of the MACB division shall be removed from the January
Balance Statement and the Ending Balance Statement.

                                   ARTICLE X
                            DEFAULT AND TERMINATION
                            -----------------------

     10.1 Termination by Owner With Cause.  If Operator fails to perform its
          -------------------------------
obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and if such failure
continues unremedied for more than fifteen (15) Days following written notice
from Owner to Operator specifying the nature of such failure and such failure is
not for Excusable Cause, Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement;
provided, however, that if the default is incapable of being cured within such
period of time and the Operator has commenced taking appropriate steps to cure
the default, the cure period shall be extended so long as the Operator is
expeditiously and diligently attempting to complete such cure and the Operator
is given reasonable assurance that such efforts will be successful.

     10.2 Termination by Operator.
          -----------------------

          10.2.1  With Cause.  If Owner fails to perform its obligations in
                  ----------
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and if such failure continues
unremedied for more than fifteen (15) Days following written notice from
Operator to Owner specifying the nature of such failure and such failure is not
due to a Force Majeure, Operator shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement; provided, however, that if the default is incapable of being cured
within such period of time and the Owner has commenced taking appropriate steps
to cure the default, the cure period shall be extended so long as the Owner is
expeditiously and diligently attempting to complete such cure and the Owner is
given reasonable assurance that such efforts will be successful.

     10.3 Bankruptcy of Operator or Owner.  If either Operator or Owner is
          -------------------------------
adjudged a bankrupt, or if it makes a general assignment for the benefit of its
creditors, or if a receiver is appointed on account of its insolvency, then the
other party may, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it at law
or in equity, terminate this Agreement upon ten (10) Days' prior written notice.

     10.4 Owner's Rights Upon Termination.  In the event that Owner elects to
          -------------------------------
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof, Operator shall provide
Owner with the right to continue to use any and all Confidential Information of
Operator that Owner deems necessary to operate the Business.  Furthermore, Owner
shall have the right to take possession of all of the Facility, Equipment, and
assets of the Business by whatever method Owner may deem expedient.  Operator

                                      13
<PAGE>

shall not be entitled to receive any further payments under this Agreement after
the date of termination, except for payments of the Operator's fees and revenue
shares which have accrued prior to the date of termination.

     10.5 Operator's Rights Upon Termination.  In the event of  termination by
          ----------------------------------
Operator under the terms of Section 10.2 herein, Operator shall be reimbursed
for work accomplished but not paid for and obligations incurred by Operator in
accordance with this Agreement prior to such termination, the reasonable costs
to demobilize and terminate its commitments to others which relate to the
Operator's responsibilities hereunder and a reasonable fee based upon the cost
of the work performed.  Each Subcontract executed by Operator must contain a
provision permitting Owner or Operator to terminate the Subcontract upon ten
(10) Days' written notice (or such other period as may be approved by Owner) and
limiting the liability of Owner and Operator under such Subcontract to the
extent provided in this Section 10.5.

     10.6 General Obligations.  If Owner terminates this Agreement, Operator
          -------------------
shall, at Owner's request, perform the following services relative to the
Services: (i) assist Owner in preparing an inventory of all Equipment, and
assets at the Facility; (ii) terminate or assign to Owner, at Owner's sole
option, all Subcontracts and other contractual agreements as may be designated
by Owner, (iii) remove from the Facility all equipment owned by Operator, unless
Owner elects to purchase said equipment at fair market value; and (iv) use its
best efforts to facilitate the orderly transition of responsibilities to Owner
or its designee.  All expenses incurred by Operator in performing its
obligations under clause (iv) of the immediately preceding sentence shall not be
deemed to be Operating Costs.

     10.7 Limitations of Damages.  Except as otherwise expressly provided
          ----------------------
herein, neither Owner nor Operator shall be liable to the other whether in
contract, in tort (including negligence and strict liability) under any warranty
or otherwise, for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or
damage whatsoever, including loss of use of the Facility or lost profits.

                                  ARTICLE XI
                                REPRESENTATIONS
                                ---------------

     11.1 Warranties and Representations of Operator.  Operator represents and
          ------------------------------------------
warrants to Owner from and after the date hereof and during the term of this
Agreement as follows:

          11.1.1 Corporate Standing.  Operator is a corporation in good standing
                 ------------------
under the laws of the State of Vermont, and the execution, delivery, and
performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action and will not violate any provision of any applicable Law, its
charter or bylaws, or any indenture, agreement, or instrument to which it is
party or by which it or its property may be bound or affected and assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Owner, this
Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Operator, enforceable in
accordance with its terms.

          11.1.2 No Violation of Law.  Operator is not in violation of any
                 -------------------
applicable Law.

                                      14
<PAGE>

          11.1.3 Licenses.  Operator is the holder of all federal, state, local
                 --------
and other authorizations required by law to conduct its business and all such
consents, licenses, permits, and other authorizations required for the
performance of Operator's obligations hereunder, are or will be in full force
and effect prior to the Commencement Date and thereafter during the term hereof.

          11.1.4 Litigation.  Operator is not a party to any legal,
                 ----------
administrative, arbitration, investigational or other proceeding or controversy
pending, or to the best of Operator's knowledge, threatened, that would
adversely affect Operator's ability to perform under this Agreement.

          11.1.5 Qualifications.  Operator represents and warrants that it has:
                 --------------
(i) examined this Agreement thoroughly and become familiar with its terms; (ii)
proper qualifications to perform the Services; (iii) reviewed and examined all
applicable Laws, codes, and standards, including all safety, environmental, and
security requirements; and (iv) carefully reviewed all documents, plans,
drawings, and other information that it deems necessary regarding the Facility
and its performance of the Services.

     11.2 Warranties and Representations of Owner.  Owner represents and
          ---------------------------------------
warrants to Operator from and after the date hereof and during the term of this
Agreement as follows:

          11.2.1 Corporate Standing.  Owner is a corporation in good standing
                 ------------------
under the laws of the State of Delaware is authorized to do business in Vermont
and the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not violate any provision
of any applicable Law, its charter or bylaws, or any indenture, agreement, or
instrument to which it is party or by which it or its property may be bound or
affected and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Operator, this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation
of Owner, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

          11.2.2 No Violation of Law.  Owner is not in violation of any
                 -------------------
applicable Law.

          11.2.3 Licenses.  Owner is the holder of all federal, state, local and
                 --------
other authorizations required by law to conduct its business and all such
consents, licenses, permits, and other authorizations required for the
performance of Owner's obligations hereunder, are and will remain in full force
and effect during the term hereof.

          11.2.4 Litigation.  Owner is not a party to any legal, administrative,
                 ----------
arbitration, investigational or other proceeding or controversy pending, or to
the best of Owner's knowledge, threatened, that would adversely affect Owner's
ability to perform under this Agreement

          11.2.5 Qualifications.  Owner represents and warrants that it has: (i)
                 --------------
examined this Agreement thoroughly and become familiar with its terms; (ii)
proper qualifications to perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement; and
(iii) reviewed, examined and abided by all applicable Laws, codes, and
standards, including all safety, environmental, and security requirements.

                                      15
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE XII
                                   INDEMNITY
                                   ---------

     12.1 By Operator.  Operator shall be responsible for and shall defend,
          -----------
indemnify and save Owner and its affiliates, and their respective shareholders,
officers, directors, employees and agents (the "Owner Indemnified Parties")
harmless from, except for and to the extent caused by the negligence or willful
misconduct of any Owner Indemnified Party, from any and all claims, suits,
actions, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities, and damages, including legal fees
and the costs of litigation arising out of or in connection with (i) all
accidents, injuries, or damages in connection with the performance of the
Services, arising from or related to any failure of Operator to comply with all
Laws, (ii) Operator's breach, or default of any obligation to be performed by
Operator or any Subcontractor under the provisions of this Agreement and/or the
falsity of any of Operator's representations or warranties set forth in this
Agreement, and (iii) the termination of this Agreement by Owner pursuant to
Section 10.1 hereof.

     12.2 By Owner.  Owner shall be responsible for and shall defend, indemnify
          --------
and save Operator, its shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents
(the "Operator Indemnified Parties") harmless, except for and to the extent
caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of any Operator Indemnified
Party, from any and all claims, suits, actions, losses, costs, expenses,
liabilities, and damages, including legal fees and the costs of litigation
arising out of or in connection with (i) any failure of Owner to comply with all
Laws, and (ii) Owner's breach, or default of any obligation to be performed by
Owner under the provisions of this Agreement and/or the falsity of any of
Owner's representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement.

     12.3 Procedure for Indemnification with Respect to Third Party Claims.
          ----------------------------------------------------------------

     (a)  If any third party shall notify a party to this Agreement (the
"Indemnified Party") with respect to any matter (a "Third Party Claim") that may
give rise to a claim for indemnification against any other party to this
Agreement (the "Indemnifying Party") under this Article XII, then the
Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party thereof in
writing; provided, however, that no delay on the part of the Indemnified Party
in notifying any Indemnifying Party shall relieve the Indemnifying Party from
any obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent) the Indemnifying
Party is thereby prejudiced.  Such notice shall state the amount of the claim
and the relevant details thereof.

     (b)  Any Indemnifying Party will have the right to defend the Indemnified
Party against the Third Party Claim with counsel of its choice satisfactory to
the Indemnified Party so long as (i) the Indemnifying Party notifies the
Indemnified Party in writing within ten days after the Indemnified Party has
given notice of the Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party will indemnify
the Indemnified Party pursuant to the provisions of Article XII, as applicable,
from and against the entirety of any adverse consequences (which will include,
without limitation, all losses, claims, liens, and attorneys' fees and related
expenses) the Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from, arising

                                      16
<PAGE>

out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the Third Party Claim, (ii)
the Indemnifying Party provides the Indemnified Party with evidence reasonably
acceptable to the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party will have the
financial resources to defend against the Third Party Claim and fulfill its
indemnification obligations hereunder, (iii) the Third Party Claim involves only
monetary damages and does not seek an injunction or equitable relief, (iv)
settlement of, or adverse judgment with respect to the Third Party Claim is not,
in the good faith judgment of the Indemnified Party, likely to establish a
precedential custom or practice adverse to the continuing business interests of
the Indemnified Party, and (v) the Indemnifying Party conducts the defense of
the Third Party Claim actively and diligently.

     (c)  So long as the Indemnifying Party is conducting the defense of the
Third Party Claim in accordance with Section 12.3(b) above, (i) the Indemnified
Party may retain separate co-counsel at its sole cost and expense and
participate in (but not control) the defense of the Third Party Claim, (ii) the
Indemnified Party will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into
any settlement with respect to the Third Party Claim without the prior written
consent of the Indemnifying Party (which will not be unreasonably withheld), and
(iii) the Indemnifying Party will not consent to the entry of any judgment or
enter into any settlement with respect to the Third Party Claim without the
prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which will not be unreasonably
withheld).  In the case of (c)(ii) or (c)(iii) above, any such consent to
judgment or settlement shall include, as an unconditional term thereof, the
release of the Indemnifying Party from all liability in connection therewith.

     (d)  If any condition set forth in Section 12.3(b) above is or becomes
unsatisfied, (i) the Indemnified Party may defend against, and consent to the
entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to, the Third
Party Claim and any matter it may deem appropriate and the Indemnified Party
need not consult with, or obtain any consent from, any Indemnifying Party in
connection therewith, (ii) the Indemnifying Party will reimburse the Indemnified
Party promptly and periodically for the cost of defending against the Third
Party Claim (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), and (iii) the
Indemnifying Party will remain responsible for any adverse consequences the
Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the
nature of, or caused by the Third Party Claim to the fullest extent provided in
this Article XII.

     12.4 Procedure for Non-Third Party Claims.  If Owner or Operator wishes to
          ------------------------------------
make a claim for indemnity under Section 12.1 or Section 12.2, as applicable,
and the claim does not arise out of a third party notification which makes the
provisions of Section 12.3 applicable, the party desiring indemnification
("Indemnified Party") shall deliver to the party from which indemnification is
sought ("Indemnifying Party") a written demand for indemnification
("Indemnification Demand"). The Indemnification Demand shall state: (a) the
amount of losses, damages or expenses to which the Indemnified Party has
incurred or has suffered or is expected to incur or suffer to which the
Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 12.1 or
Section 12.2, as applicable; (b) the nature of the event or occurrence which
entitles the Indemnified Party to receive payment under Section 12.1 or Section
12.2, as applicable.  If the Indemnifying Party wishes to object to an
Indemnification Demand, the Indemnifying Party must send written notice to the
Indemnified Party stating the objections and the grounds for the objections
("Indemnification

                                      17
<PAGE>

Objection"). If no Indemnification Objection is sent within thirty (30) days
after the Indemnification Demand is sent, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed
to have acknowledged the correctness of the claim or claims specified in the
Indemnification Demand and shall pay the full amount claimed in the
Indemnification Demand within forty-five (45) days of the day the
Indemnification Demand is dated. If for any reason the Indemnifying Party does
not pay the amounts claimed in the Indemnification Demand, within thirty days of
the Indemnification Demand's date, the Indemnified Party may institute
arbitration in accordance with Article VIII under this Agreement to enforce
payment of the indemnification claim contained in the Indemnification Demand and
any other claim for indemnification that the Indemnified Party may have.

     12.5 Survival of Claim.  All of the respective representations, warranties
          -----------------
and obligations of the parties to this Agreement shall survive the expiration of
the Management Term until the expiration of the applicable statute of
limitations on any claim which can be brought.

     12.6 Prompt Payment.  In the event that any party is required to make any
          --------------
payment under this Article XII, such party shall promptly pay the Indemnifying
Party the amount so determined. If there should be a dispute as to the amount or
manner of determination of any indemnity obligation owed under this Article XII,
the Indemnifying Party shall, nevertheless, pay when due such portion, if any,
of the obligation as shall not be subject to dispute.  The portion in dispute
shall be paid upon a final and non-appealable resolution of such dispute.  Upon
the payment in full of any claim, the Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to
the rights of the Indemnified Party against any person with respect to the
subject matter of such claim.

                                 ARTICLE XIII
                               RIGHT OF REFUSAL
                               ----------------

     13.1 Right of Offer.  The Owner agrees not to offer, sell or accept an
          --------------
unsolicited offer (an "Offer") for the sale (the "Sale") of all or any portion
of its rights in and to the Business, except for an Offer for the MACB division
or a purchase of the Business by Armour Holdings, Inc., without first giving
Operator written notice of the Offer (the "Offer Notice") containing the
purchase price and, to the extent known, other material terms and conditions of
such proposed Sale (the "Terms"). Upon delivery of the Offer Notice to Operator,
the Business shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to Operator subject
to the Terms.  Operator shall then have the right, exercisable by giving written
notice thereof to the Owner within ten (10) Days following delivery of the Offer
Notice to give notice to the Owner of Operator's agreement to purchase the
Business on the Terms and Operator shall thereafter have a period of fifteen
(15) Days following delivery of such notice to Owner, to enter into a binding
written agreement to purchase the Business, in accordance with the Terms.  If
Operator shall exercise its right of offer with respect to the Business, such
purchase shall be closed within such fifteen (15) Day period as hereinabove
described.  Failure by Operator to respond to an Offer Notice and/or enter into
a binding written agreement for the sale of the Business within the time periods
set forth above shall be deemed an election by Operator not to exercise its
right of offer herein contained, in which case the Sale may be consummated with
a third-party purchaser; provided such Sale is upon similar terms to the Terms
and is consummated within six

                                      18
<PAGE>

months after the delivery of the Offer Notice. The term "Sale" as used in this
Section 13.1 shall be deemed to include only the sale of the Business and not
the sale of any other assets of the Owner or the sale of only the MACB division.
The term "Sale" does not include the merger, consolidation, tender offer or
other business combination involving the Owner as a whole.

     13.2 Armour Holdings Prior Right.  The Operator acknowledges that Armour
          ---------------------------
Holdings, Inc., under an Agreement dated April 1998 ("Armour Agreement") has a
right of first offer relating to the Business which is prior to the right of
Operator set forth in Section 13.1 above.  If Armour Holdings, Inc., elects to
exercise its right of offer contained in the Armour Agreement, the right of
Operator set forth in Section 13.1 above shall be null and void.

     13.3 Commission.  If Owner sells the Business to a third party, including
          ----------
Armour Holdings, Inc., and Operator performed all its obligations under this
Agreement, Owner shall pay Operator upon the consummation of the third party
sale an amount equal to the Depreciation and Expense Payment paid or owed by
Operator under Section 5.3 plus three (3%) percent of the sales price of the
Business.

                                  ARTICLE XIV
                                 MISCELLANEOUS
                                 -------------

     14.1 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
          ----------------
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall
supersede all prior agreements, commitments and oral understandings with respect
thereto.

     14.2 Amendments.  No change, amendment, or modification of this Agreement
          ----------
shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless such change, amendment,
or modification shall be in writing and duly executed by the parties hereto.

     14.3 Joint Effort.  Preparation of this Agreement has been a joint effort
          ------------
of the parties hereto, and the resulting document shall not be construed more
severely against one of the parties than against the other.

     14.4 Captions.  The captions contained in this Agreement are for
          --------
convenience and reference only and in no way define, describe, extend, or limit
the scope or intent of this Agreement or the intent of any provision contained
herein.

     14.5 Notices.  Any notice, demand, offer, or written instrument required or
          -------
permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing signed by
the party giving such notice and shall be hand delivered or sent by registered
or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or by fax or by an
overnight commercial delivery service to the other party at such address as set
forth below:

          (i)  if delivered to Owner:

                                      19
<PAGE>

                  1000 Crawford Place
                  Suite 400
                  Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054

            (ii)  if delivered to Operator:
                  180-200 Benmont Avenue
                  Bennington, Vermont

     Any party shall have the right to change the place to which such notice
shall be sent or delivered by similar notice sent in like manner to the other
party.  The effective date of any notice issued pursuant to this Agreement shall
be the date of the addressee's receipt of such notice.

     14.6   Severability. The invalidity of one or more or the phrases,
            ------------
sentences, clauses, or Articles contained in this Agreement shall not affect the
validity of the remaining portion of the Agreement so long as the material
purposes of this Agreement can be determined and effectuated.

     14.7   Assignment.  The Operator may assign its rights or responsibilities
            ----------
under this Agreement to an Affiliate of Operator provided (i) Operator
demonstrates to Owner that the Affiliate is in equal or better financial
condition than Operator, and (ii) Operator remains liable to Owner for the
performance of all obligations of Operator hereunder.  Except as allowed in this
Section 14.7, this Agreement may be assigned by either party only upon the prior
written consent of the other party hereto, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

     14.8   No Waiver.  Any failure of either party to enforce any of the
            ---------
provisions of this Agreement or to require compliance with any of its provisions
at any time during the term of this Agreement, or any part hereof, shall not be
deemed a waiver of the right of either party thereafter to enforce any and each
such provision.

     14.9   Applicable Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
            --------------
and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, exclusive of
conflicts of laws provisions.

     14.10  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon the
            ----------------------
parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns.

     14.11  Counterparts.  Provided that all parties hereto execute a copy of
            ------------
this Agreement, this Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

                                      20
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands and seals on
the day and year first above written.

WITNESS/ATTEST:                    OWNER:
                                   Mace Security International, Inc.

_______________________            By:  /s/ Robert M. Kramer    (SEAL)

                                   OPERATOR:
                                   Mark Sport, Inc.

                                   By:  /s/ Jon E. Goodrich     (SEAL)

                                      21

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.136
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dex10136.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VERMONT MILL AMENDMENT OF LEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.136


                         AMENDMENT OF LEASE AGREEMENT


     THIS AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT ("Amendment") is made as of the 25/th/
day of February, 2002 by Vermont Mill Properties, Inc., herein called "Landlord"
and Mace Security International, Inc., herein called "Tenant".

                                   RECITALS

     Landlord and Tenant are parties to a certain Lease Agreement ("Lease")
dated November 15, 1999.

     Landlord and Tenant wish to amend the Lease to specify the space occupied
by Tenant and confirm that Landlord can no longer offer the space occupied to
third parties.

     NOW THEREFORE the parties agree as follows:

                                   RECITALS

1.   The RECITALS contained in the Lease are amended to read in their entirety
     as follows:

          "Landlord is the owner of the premises known as the Holden-Leonard
          Mill located on Benmont Avenue, Bennington Vermont ("Real Property").
          The Real Property is improved and consists generally of buildings,
          structures, improvements and grounds used for general commercial
          purposes.

          Landlord desires to lease a portion of the Real Property to Tenant,
          and Tenant desires to lease the Leased Premises from Landlord, all On
          the terms and conditions set forth hereinbelow."

                                LEASED PREMISES

2.   Section 1.01 of the Lease is amended to read in its entirety as follows:

          "Section 1.01 Leased Premises. In consideration of the rents,
                        ---------------
          covenants and agreements hereafter reserved and contained on the part
          of the Tenant to be observed and performed, the Landlord demises and
          leases to the Tenant, and Tenant rents from Landlord, those certain
          premises outlined on the attached Exhibit A, consisting of 44,000
          square feet, and broken down as follows:
<PAGE>

               1/st/ Floor-West Wing-13,000 square feet
               2/nd/ Floor-West Wing-12,000 square feet
               3/rd/ Floor-West Wing- 6,000 square feet
               4/th/ Floor-South Wing- 5,000 square feet
               5/th/ Floor-West Wing- 8,000 square feet

                                     RENT

3.   Section 2.01(a) of the Lease is amended to read as follows:

          "Section 2.01 Annual Rent.
                        -----------

          (a) Throughout the Initial Term of this Lease, Tenant agrees to pay
          Landlord, as rent, the sum of $110,000.00 ("Initial Rent") in monthly
          installments for each year during the term."

4.   Section 2.02 of the Lease is eliminated from the Lease.

5.   Landlord has borrowed certain monies from Tenant, which loan is evidenced
     by a Promissory Note dated February 22, 2002 in the amount of $228,670.63
     ("Note"). The Note requires that Landlord make monthly payments to Tenant,
     as set forth in the Note. Landlord acknowledges that if Landlord does not
     make the monthly payments required by the Note, Tenant may offset the
     monthly rent due to Landlord under the Lease against the monthly payment
     due Tenant under the Note. If Landlord transfers the Real Property, this
     Paragraph 5 shall be binding on the transferee, notwithstanding that the
     transferee is not obligated under the Note.

6.   All other terms of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have signed and sealed this Amendment as
of February 1, 2002.


LANDLORD:                                    TENANT:
Vermont Mill Properties, Inc.                Mace Security International, Inc.


By:  /s/ Jon E. Goodrich                     By:  /s/ Robert M. Kramer
     Jon E. Goodrich                              Robert M. Kramer
     President                                    Executive Vice President
<PAGE>

State of New Jersey
County of Burlington, SS

On this _______day of __________________, 2002, before me, the undersigned
officer, personally appeared Robert M. Kramer, who acknowledged the foregoing to
be his free act and deed and the free act and authorized deed of Mace Security
International, Inc.


                                               ____________________________
                                               Notary Public

________________________________________________________________________________

State of Vermont
Bennington County, SS

On this ________day of _________________, 2002, before me, the undersigned
officer personally appeared Jon E. Goodrich, who acknowledged the foregoing to
be his free act and deed and the free act and authorized deed of Vermont Mill
Properties, Inc.


                                               ____________________________
                                               Notary Public
<PAGE>

                                LEASE AGREEMENT


                                    between


                    VERMONT MILL PROPERTIES, INC., LANDLORD


                                      and


                   MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC., TENANT
<PAGE>

                                LEASE AGREEMENT

     THIS LEASE AGREEMENT ("Lease") is made as of the 15/th/ day of November,
1999, by Vermont Mill Properties, Inc., herein called "Landlord," and Mace
Security International, Inc., herein called "Tenant."

                                   RECITALS

     Tenant and the Vermont Economic Development Authority ("VEDA") were parties
to a Real Estate Purchase Agreement dated August 12, 1994 ("VEDA Agreement"),
which provided for the sale and lease by VEDA to Tenant of certain real property
having the common address of 180-200 Benmont Avenue, Bennington, Vermont ("Real
Property").  The Real Property  is improved with a building consisting of
159,651 square feet, more or less, of improved and unimproved space which is
commonly known as the "Big Mill" ("Leased Premises").

     By an Assignment Agreement of even date herewith, Tenant assigned all of
its right, title and interest in and to the VEDA Agreement to Landlord.
Landlord desires to lease the Leased Premises to Tenant, and Tenant desires to
lease the Leased Premises from Landlord, all on the terms and conditions set
forth hereinbelow.  Until the sale of the Real Property to Landlord by VEDA,
this Lease shall operate as a sub-lease of Landlord's leasehold rights under the
VEDA Agreement.  After the sale of the Real Property under the VEDA Agreement,
this Lease shall operate as a lease.

                      ARTICLE I - Basic Lease Provisions

     Section 1.01  Leased Premises.  In consideration of the rents, covenants
                   ---------------
and agreements hereafter reserved and contained on the part of the Tenant to be
observed and performed, the Landlord demises and leases to the Tenant, and
Tenant rents from Landlord, those certain premises described hereinabove as the
"Leased Premises."

     Section 1.02  Use of Additional Areas.  The use and occupation by Tenant of
                   -----------------------
the Leased Premises shall include the right to nonexclusive use, in common with
others, of the Common Areas. "Common Areas" as used in this Lease means all
automobile parking areas, driveways, entranceways, and exits thereto, and other
facilities furnished by Landlord in or near the Real Property, including
employee parking areas, the truck way or ways, loading docks, package pick-up
stations, pedestrian sidewalks and ramps, landscaped areas, exterior stairways,
first-aid stations, comfort stations, and other areas and improvements provided
by Landlord for the general use, in common, of tenants and officers, agents,
employees and customers as the said Common Areas may exist from time to time.
The use of the Common Areas is subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease
and to reasonable rules and regulations for the use thereof as prescribed by the
Landlord from time to time.

     Section 1.03  Commencement of Term.  The term of this Lease shall commence
                   --------------------
on the date of this Lease ("Commencement Date") and shall continue through the
date which is the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date ("Initial Term").
Tenant shall have the option to renew this

                                      -1-
<PAGE>

Lease for eight (8) additional five-year periods (each, a "Renewal Term"),
provided only that Tenant shall notify Landlord of its intent to renew for an
additional five-year period at least sixty (60) days prior to the date on which
the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, would otherwise expire
("Renewal Date").

     Section 1.04  Termination Option.  If Tenant by its board of directors
                   ------------------
decides to sell or discontinue that portion of its business which consists of
the production and sale of pepper spray devices and security devices, Tenant may
terminate this Lease, at any time after the second anniversary of the
Commencement Date, upon ninety (90) days notice to Landlord.

                               ARTICLE II - Rent

     Section 2.01  Annual Rent.
                   -----------

     (a)  Throughout the Initial Term of this Lease, Tenant agrees to pay
Landlord, as rent, the sum of $80,000 ("Initial Rent") in monthly installments
for each year during the term, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section
2.02 below.

     (b)  During each Renewal Term of this Lease, the annual rent shall be
calculated by increasing the Initial Rent by the same percentage that the
national Consumer Price Index has increased, if any, as measured from the start
of the then ending Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, to the Renewal
Date for the upcoming Renewal Term.

     (c)  The Tenant shall pay the monthly installments described herein on or
before the same day of each month as the Commencement Date, in advance, at the
office of the Landlord or at such other place designated by Landlord.

     Section 2.02  Rent Adjustments.  During the Initial Term and any Renewal
                   ----------------
Term, Landlord shall have the right to seek new tenants for all or any portion
of the Leased Premises.  However, Landlord may not lease any portion of the
Leased Premises to any other party unless: (a) the prospective lessee has agreed
in writing to pay rent on each square foot of a proposed portion of the Leased
Premises ("Premises Adjustment Portion") at a rate of at least $2.50 per square
foot per year for a period of at least one year, and (b) Landlord gives Tenant
at least sixty (60) days' notice ("Adjustment Notice") of Landlord's intent to
lease a Premises Adjustment Portion to such prospective lessee, and (c) Tenant
does not elect in writing within thirty days after it receives such Adjustment
Notice to remain in possession of such Premises Adjustment Portion by having its
Initial Rent set forth in Section 2.01 above increased by $0.50 per square foot
for each square foot contained in the Premises Adjustment Portion.  If Tenant
elects to remain in possession of any Premises Adjustment Portion, Tenant shall
pay the increase in rent attributable to such portion starting with the third
regular monthly rent installment after it received the Adjustment Notice.  If
Tenant elects not to remain in possession of a Premises Adjustment Portion, (i)
Tenant shall vacate such portion of the Leased Premises by the date specified in
the Adjustment Notice, and (ii) Tenant's annual rent hereunder shall be
decreased by an amount equal to $2.00 times the number of square feet contained
in the Premises Adjustment Portion vacated by Tenant.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                 ARTICLE III - Maintenance of Leased Premises

     Section 3.01  Landlord's Responsibilities.  Tenant accepts the Leased
                   ---------------------------
Premises as they currently exist. Landlord agrees to repair and maintain in good
order and condition the roof, roof drains, outside walls, foundations,
structural portions (both interior and exterior), the non-structural interior
portions, doors, windows, plate and window glass, and floor covering, plumbing,
heating, air conditioning, electrical and sewerage system, facilities and fixed
appliances of the Leased Premises.  There is excepted from the preceding
covenant, however, repair of damage caused by the Tenant, its employees, agents,
contractors, customers, invitees.  In the event the Landlord shall undertake any
maintenance or repair in the course of which it shall be determined that such
maintenance or repair work was made necessary by the negligence or willful act
of Tenant or any of its employees or agents or that the maintenance or willful
act of Tenant or any of its employees or agents or that the maintenance or
repair is, under the terms of this Lease, the responsibility of Tenant, Tenant
shall pay Landlord's cost thereof plus overhead and interest as above provided
in this paragraph.  If Landlord refuses or neglects properly to effect repairs
as required hereunder and to the reasonable satisfaction of Tenant as soon as
reasonably possible after written demand, Tenant may make such repairs without
liability to Landlord for any loss or damage that may accrue to Landlord's
property, and upon completion thereof, Tenant shall deduct Tenant's cost for
making such repairs from its next monthly installment(s) of rent.  Landlord
shall at its own expense perform all janitorial and cleaning services within the
Leased Premises in order to keep same in a neat, clean and orderly condition.
Landlord reserves the right to enter the Leased Premises and to make such
repairs and to do such work on or about said premises as Landlord may deem
desirable, necessary or proper or that Landlord may be lawfully required to
make.  Landlord reserves the right to visit and inspect the Leased Premises at
all reasonable times and show same to prospective tenants, purchasers, or
mortgagees.

     Section 3.02  Tenant's Responsibilities.  Tenant has the right and
                   -------------------------
authority to make any changes and to improvements the Leased Premises that it
desires to make, provided Landlord consents to such changes and improvements.
Landlord agrees it will not unreasonably withhold its consent.  Tenant shall
repair any damage caused to the Leased Premises by it, or its agents, employees
or guests, normal wear and tear excepted.  Tenant shall not install any
equipment which exceeds the capacity of the utility lines leading into the
Leased Premises or the building of which the Leased Premises constitute a part.
Tenant, its employees and agents, shall not mark, paint, drill or in any way
deface any walls, ceilings, partitions, floors, wood, stone or ironwork without
Landlord's written consent.  Tenant shall comply with the requirements of all
laws, orders, ordinances and regulations of all governmental authorities, and
shall not permit any non-compliance with same or any waste of property, and will
take good care of the Leased Premises at all times.  At the expiration of the
tenancy hereby created, Tenant shall surrender the Leased Premises in the same
condition as the Leased Premises were in upon delivery of possession thereto
under this Lease, reasonable wear and tear and damage by unavoidable casualty
excepted, and shall surrender all keys for the Leased Premises caused thereby.
Tenant's obligation to observe or perform this covenant shall survive the
expiration or other termination of the term of the Lease.

                  ARTICLE IV - Conduct of Business by Tenant

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

     Section 4.01  Use of Premises.  Tenant may use the Leased Premises in any
                   ---------------
manner which the Tenant determines in its sole and arbitrary discretion.  During
the term of the Lease, Tenant is not obligated to occupy the Leased Premises.

                      ARTICLE V - Insurance and Indemnity

     Section 5.01  Liability Insurance.  Tenant and Landlord shall each, during
                   -------------------
the entire term hereof, keep in full force and effect, property damage and
comprehensive public liability insurance with respect to their own interest in
the Leased Premises for the combined single coverage of not less than
$1,000,000.  Each policy shall contain a clause that the insurer shall not
cancel or change the insurance without first giving the other party thirty (30)
days prior written notice.

     Section 5.02  Property Insurance.   Landlord and Tenant shall each carry,
                   ------------------
at its expense, insurance against fire, vandalism, malicious mischief, and such
other perils as are from time to time included in a standard extended coverage
endorsement, in an amount equal to not less than eighty percent (80%) of the
actual replacement cost thereof and shall each furnish the other with a
certificate evidencing such coverage.

     Section 5.03  Indemnification of Landlord.   Tenant shall indemnify
                   ---------------------------
Landlord and hold harmless Landlord against and from all claims of third parties
arising from Tenant's use of the Leased Premises or the conduct of its business
or from any activity, work, or other thing done, permitted or suffered by the
Tenant in or about the Leased Premises, and shall further indemnify and hold
harmless Landlord against and from any and all claims of third parties arising
from any breach or default in the performance of any obligation on Tenant's part
to be performed under the terms of this Lease, or arising from any act or
negligence of the Tenant, or any officer, agent, employee, servant, guest, or
invitee of Tenant, and from all costs, reasonable attorney's fees, expense and
liability incurred relating to any such claim or any action or proceeding
brought against Landlord by reason of any such claim, and Tenant upon notice
from Landlord shall defend the same at Tenant's expense by counsel reasonably
satisfactory to Landlord.

     Section 5.04  Indemnification of Tenant.  Landlord shall indemnify and hold
                   -------------------------
harmless Tenant against and from any and all claims of third parties arising
from any activity, work, or other thing done by the Landlord in or about the
Leased Premises, and shall further indemnify and hold harmless Tenant against
and from any and all claims of third parties arising from any breach or default
in the performance of any obligation on Landlord's part to be performed under
the terms of this Lease, or arising from any act or negligence of the Landlord,
or any officer, agent, employee, guest, servant or invitee of Landlord, and from
all costs, reasonable attorney's fees, expenses and liability incurred relating
to any such claim or any action or proceeding brought thereon, and action or
proceeding to be brought against Tenant by reason of any such claim, and
Landlord upon notice from Tenant shall defend the same at Landlord's expense by
counsel reasonably satisfactory to Tenant.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

     Section 5.05  Waiver of Subrogation.  Landlord and Tenant waive, unless
                   ---------------------
said waiver should invalidate any such insurance, their right to recover damages
against each other for any reason whatsoever to the extent the damaged party
recovers indemnity from its insurance carrier.

                            ARTICLE VI - Utilities

     Section 6.01  Payment for Utilities.  Tenant shall be solely responsible
                   ---------------------
for and promptly pay all charges for electricity, telephone, or cable television
utility used or consumed in the Leased Premises. Landlord shall be solely
responsible for and promptly pay all charges for water, sewage, gas, trash
removal, or any other utility used or consumed in the Leased Premises.

                              ARTICLE VII - Taxes

     Section 7.01  Taxes on Leasehold or Personalty.  Tenant shall be
                   --------------------------------
responsible for and shall pay before past due all municipal, county or state
taxes assessed during the term of this Lease against any personal property of
any kind, owned by or placed in, upon or about the Leased Premises by the
Tenant.  Landlord shall be responsible for and shall pay before past due all
municipal, county or state taxes assessed on the Leased Premises and the Real
Property.   For purposes of this Lease taxes are past due when they can no
longer be paid without the payment of a fine, penalty or interest. Landlord may
bring  proceedings for contesting the validity or amount of any tax imposition,
or to recover payments for taxes paid.  Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord
with respect to such proceedings to the extent reasonably necessary, and all
costs and expenses of a proceeding to reduce taxes shall be borne by Landlord.

                    ARTICLE VIII - Assignment and Subletting

     Section 8.01  Assigning, Mortgaging, Subletting.  Tenant agrees not to
                   ---------------------------------
assign, mortgage, pledge or encumber this Lease, in whole or in part or any
interest therein or sublet the whole or any part of the Leased Premises, or
permit the use of the whole or any part of the Leased Premiss by any licensee or
concessionaire, or any other occupant, without first obtaining the written
consent of Landlord, which consent Landlord may not unreasonably withhold.
Tenant agrees that, in the event of any subletting, licensing or granting of a
concession, made with the written consent of the Landlord as aforesaid, it will
nevertheless remain liable for the performance of all of the terms, conditions
and covenants of this Lease.  Landlord hereby consents to the assignment of this
Lease, or the subletting of the Leased Premises, to any subsidiary or affiliate
of Tenant.  Tenant agrees to furnish to Landlord an executed copy of any sub-
lease, concession agreement, licensing arrangement or other occupancy agreement
to which Landlord has consented.

                 ARTICLE IX - Waste, Governmental Regulations

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

     Section 9.01   Waste or Nuisance.  Tenant shall not commit or suffer to be
                    -----------------
committed any waste upon the Leased Premises or any nuisance or other act or
thing which may disturb the quiet enjoyment of any other tenant in the Real
Property.

     Section 9.02   Governmental Regulations.  Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole
                    ------------------------
cost and expense, comply with all county, municipal, state, federal laws,
orders, ordinances and any other applicable requirements of all government
authorities, now in force, or which may hereafter be in force, pertaining to the
Leased Premises, and shall faithfully observe in the use and occupancy of the
Leased Premises, all municipal and county ordinances and state and federal
statutes now in force or which may hereafter be in force.

                  ARTICLE X - Destruction of Leased Premises

     Section 10.01  Total or Partial Destruction.  If the Leased Premises shall
                    ----------------------------
be damaged by fire, the elements, unavoidable accident or other casualty,
without the fault of Tenant, but are thereby rendered untenantable in part,
Landlord shall, at its own expense cause such damage, except to Tenant's
equipment and furnishings, to be repaired, and the rent meanwhile shall be
abated proportionately as to the portion of the Leased Premises rendered
untenantable.  If the Premises shall be rendered wholly untenantable by reason
of such occurrence, the Landlord shall at its own expense cause such damage,
except to Tenant's equipment and furnishings, to be repaired, and the rent
meanwhile shall be abated in whole, except that Landlord shall have the right,
to be exercised by notice to Tenant within sixty (60) days after said
occurrence, to elect not to reconstruct the destroyed premises, and in such
event this Lease and the tenancy hereby created shall cease as of the date of
the said occurrence.

                         ARTICLE XVII - Eminent Domain

     Section 11.01  Total Condemnation.  If the whole or any part of the
                    ------------------
Premises shall be taken under the power of eminent domain, this Lease Agreement
shall terminate as to the part so taken on the date Tenant is required to yield
possession thereof to the condemning authority.  Landlord shall make such
repairs and alterations as may be necessary in order to restore the part not
taken to useful condition and the rental shall be reduced proportionately as to
the portion of the Leased Premises so taken.  If the portion of the Leased
Premises so taken renders the balance of the Leased Premises untenantable,
taking into account the nature of Tenant's business, either party may terminate
this Lease Agreement as of the date when Tenant is required to yield possession.
All compensation awarded for any taking of the leasehold and/or the improvements
thereon shall belong to and be the property of Landlord; provided, however, that
nothing contained herein shall prevent Tenant from applying for reimbursement
from the condemning authority (if permitted by law) for relocation expenses, or
removal of Tenant's furniture, business equipment and such fixtures as Tenant is
permitted to remove hereunder.

                        ARTICLE XII - Default of Tenant

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

     Section 12.01  Events of default.  Upon the happening of one or more of the
                    -----------------
events as expressed below in (a) or (b), the Landlord shall have any and all
rights and remedies which are hereinafter set forth, and in addition those which
are available under principles of law or equity: (a) Tenant shall fail to pay
any one or more  monthly installments of rent, or any other sums required to be
paid hereunder, within fifteen days within the date the same become due, or
Tenant shall fail to keep, observe or perform any of the other terms, conditions
or covenants on the part of the Tenant herein to be kept, observed and performed
for more than thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given by Landlord
to Tenant specifying the nature of such default, or if the default so specified
shall be of such a nature that the same cannot reasonably be cured or remedied
within said thirty (30) day period and Tenant shall not in good faith have
commenced the curing or remedying of such default within such thirty (30) day
period and shall not thereafter continuously and diligently proceed therewith to
completion.

     Section 12.02  Remedies of Landlord.  In the event of any such default or
                    --------------------
breach, Landlord shall have the immediate right to re-enter the Leased Premises
by summary proceedings upon notice to Tenant.   Landlord shall also have the
right, at the option of Landlord, to terminate this Lease upon ten (10) days
written notice to Tenant, and to thereupon re-enter and take possession of the
said Leased Premises with or without legal process. Any and all rights, remedies
and options given in this Lease to Landlord shall be cumulative and in addition
to and without waiver of or in derogation of any right or remedy given to it
under any law now or hereafter in effect.

                       ARTICLE XIII - Access by Landlord

     Section 13.01  Right of Entry.  Landlord and Landlord's agent shall have
                    --------------
the right to enter the Leased Premises upon reasonable notice to Tenant to
examine the same, and to show them to prospective purchasers or lessees of the
building, and to make such repairs, or alterations, improvements or additions as
Landlord may deem necessary or desirable with Tenant's consent which shall not
be unreasonably withheld.

                   ARTICLE XIV - Holding Over and Successors

     Section 14.01  Holding Over.  In the event Tenant remains in possession of
                    ------------
the Leased Premises after the expiration of the tenancy created hereunder, and
without the execution of a new lease, Tenant, at the option of Landlord, shall
be deemed to be occupying the Leased Premises as a tenant from month-to-month,
at a monthly rent equal to the rent payable during the last month of the lease
term, such tenancy to be subject to all the other conditions, provisions and
obligations of this Lease.

     Section 14.02  Successors.   All rights and liabilities herein given to, or
                    ----------
imposed upon, the respective parties hereto shall extend to and bind the several
respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns of the said
parties.  Nothing contained in this Lease shall in any manner restrict
Landlord's right to assign or encumber this Lease, and, in the event Landlord
sells or transfers its interest in the Real Property and the purchaser or
transferee assumes Landlord's

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

obligation and covenants, Landlord shall thereupon be relieved of all further
obligations hereunder.

                         ARTICLE XV - Quiet Enjoyment

     Section 15.01  Landlord's Covenant.  Upon payment by the Tenant of the
                    -------------------
rents herein provided, and upon the observance and performance of all the
covenants, terms and conditions on Tenant's part to be observed and performed,
Tenant shall peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the Leased Premises for the
term hereby demised without hindrance or interruption by Landlord or any other
person or persons lawfully or equitably claiming by through or under the
Landlord, subject, nevertheless to the terms and conditions of this Lease.

                          ARTICLE XVI - Miscellaneous

     Section 16.01  Entire Agreement.  This Lease and the exhibits, and rider,
                    ----------------
if any, attached hereto and forming a part hereto, set forth all covenants,
promises, agreements, conditions and understandings between Landlord and Tenant
concerning the Leased Premises, and there are no covenants, promises, conditions
or understandings, either oral or written, between them other than are herein
set forth.  Except as herein otherwise provided, no subsequent alteration,
change or addition to this Lease shall be binding upon Landlord or Tenant unless
reduced to writing and signed by each of them.

     Section 16.02  No Partnership.  Landlord does not, in any way or for any
                    --------------
purpose, become a partner of Tenant in the conduct of its business, or
otherwise, or joint venturer or a member of a joint enterprise with Tenant.

     Section 16.03  Force Majeure.  Landlord and Tenant shall be excused for the
                    -------------
period of any delay in the performance of any obligations hereunder when
prevented from so doing by cause or causes beyond Landlord's or Tenant's control
which shall include, without limitation, all labor disputes, civil commotion,
war, war-like operations, invasion, rebellion, hostilities, military or usurped
power, sabotage, governmental regulations or controls, fire or other casualty,
or acts of God.

     Section 16.04  Notices.  All notices shall be in writing.  Any notice must
                    -------
be served by certified mail or overnight delivery service, postage prepaid with
return receipt requested, addressed to the following address:

          If to Landlord:
          Jon E. Goodrich
          160 Benmont Avenue
          Bennington, Vermont 05201

          If to Tenant:
          1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400
          Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

In case of service by certified mail, such service shall be deemed complete on
the day of actual delivery, as shown by the addressee's receipt or on the
expiration of the third day after the day of mailing, whichever first occurs.
In case of service by first class mail, such service shall be deemed complete on
the day of actual delivery or on the expiration of the third day after the day
of mailing, whichever first occurs.  In case of service by overnight delivery
service, such service shall be deemed complete on the day of actual delivery, as
shown by the addressee's receipt or on the expiration of the next business day
after the day of mailing, whichever first occurs.

     Section 16.05  Captions and Section Numbers.  The captions, Section
                    ----------------------------
numbers, article numbers and index appearing in this Lease are inserted only as
a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, construe, or describe the
scope or intent of such Sections or articles of this Lease nor in any way affect
this Lease.

     Section 16.05  Tenant Defined, Use of Pronoun.  The word "Tenant" shall be
                    ------------------------------
deemed and taken to mean each and every person mentioned as a tenant herein be
the same, one or more, and if there shall be more than one tenant, any notice
required or permitted by the terms of this Lease may be given by or to any one
thereof, and shall have the same force and effect as if given to all thereof.
The use of the neuter singular pronoun to refer to Landlord or Tenant shall be
deemed a proper reference even though Landlord or Tenant may be an individual, a
partnership, a corporation, or a group of two or more individuals or
corporations.  The necessary grammatical change required to make the provisions
of this Lease apply in the plural sense where there is more than one Landlord or
Tenant and to either corporations, associations, partnerships, or individuals,
males or females, shall in all instances be assumed as though in each case fully
expressed.

     Section 16.06  Partial Invalidity.  If any term, covenant or condition of
                    ------------------
this Lease or the application of such term, covenant or condition to persons or
circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby and each term, covenant or condition of this shall
be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

     Section 16.07  Recording.  Tenant may record this Lease or any memorandum
                    ---------
thereof without the prior written consent of Landlord.

     Section 16.08  Governing Law.  This Lease shall be governed by and
                    -------------
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Vermont.  If any provision
of this lease or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall to
any extent be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Lease shall not be affected thereby, and each provision of the Lease shall be
valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by the law.

     Section 16.09  Estoppel Statement.  Tenant and Landlord shall, within ten
                    ------------------
(10) days after any written request from the other, execute, acknowledge and
deliver to the other a statement in writing as may be requested by certifying
(i) that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or, if modified,
stating the nature of such modification and certifying that this Lease, as so
modified, is in full force and effect); (ii) confirming the commencement and
expiration dates of the term of this

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

Lease; (iii) the dates to which the rental and other charges are paid in
advance, if any; (iv) that there are not, to the certifying party's knowledge,
any uncured defaults on the part of Landlord or Tenant hereunder, or specifying
such defaults if any are claimed.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have signed and sealed this Lease
as of the day and year first above written.

LANDLORD:                               TENANT:
Vermont Mill Properties, Inc.           Mace Security International, Inc.


By:  /s/ Jon E. Goodrich                By:  /s/ Robert M. Kramer
Name: Jon E. Goodrich                        Robert M. Kramer
Title: President                             Executive Vice President

________________________________________________________________________________
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA  )
                              ) ss.
COUNTY OF _________________   )

     On this ____ day of November, 1999, before me, the undersigned officer,
personally appeared Robert M. Kramer, who acknowledged himself to be the
Executive Vice President of Mace Security International, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and that he, as such Executive Vice President, being authorized so
to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained, by
signing the name of the corporation by himself as Executive Vice President of
the corporation and on behalf of said corporation.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunder set my hand and official seal.

                                        _____________________________
                                        Notary Public

My Commission Expires:
______________________
________________________________________________________________________________
STATE OF VERMONT              )
                              ) ss.
COUNTY OF _________________   )

     The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ____ day of
November, 1999, by _______________________, the _____________ of Vermont Mill
Properties, Inc., a Vermont corporation, and that he, as such
____________________, being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing
instrument for the purposes therein contained, by signing the name of the
corporation by himself as _________________ of the corporation and on behalf of
said corporation.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunder set my hand and official seal.

                                        _____________________________
                                        Notary Public

My Commission Expires:
__________________________
________________________________________________________________________________

                                     -10-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.137
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dex10137.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VERMONT MILL PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.137

                                PROMISSORY NOTE
$228,670.63
                                               February 22, 2002
                                               Mt. Laurel, New Jersey

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned VERMONT MILL PROPERTIES, INC.
("Maker"), with an office at 160 Benmont Avenue, Bennington, Vermont, 05201,
promises to pay to the order of Mace Security International, Inc. ("Lender"),
the principal sum of Two Hundred Twenty-eight Thousand, Six Hundred Seventy
Dollars and Sixty-three Cents ($228,670.63) ("Principal"), together with
interest accruing from the date hereof on the unpaid principal amount hereof at
a rate per annum equal to Seven percent (7%) per annum ("Interest"). Interest
shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, counting the actual numbers
of days elapsed. The Principal and Interest shall be due and payable in equal
monthly installments of $7,060.69 for a 36 month period, each payable, without
demand, on the last day of each month commencing on March 31, 2002.

         Maker may prepay the principal of this Note in whole or in part without
penalty and without the prior written consent of Lender. Both principal and
interest are payable in lawful money of the United States of America, to Lender
at 1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400, Mount Laurel, New Jersey, 08054, or at such
other place as the Lender hereof shall designate to Maker in writing, in
immediately available funds.

         The unpaid principal amount of all indebtedness hereunder shall
continue to bear interest until paid in full, whether by acceleration or
otherwise, at the rate of interest hereinabove provided.

         The Principal and Interest due under this Note shall, at the option of
the Lender, become due and payable in full, without further notice or demand,
upon the happening of any one of the following specified events: (1) failure by
Maker to pay Principal and Interest to Lender when due; or (2) the making of a
general assignment to creditors by the Maker; or (3) proceedings in bankruptcy,
or for reorganization of the Maker or for the readjustment of any of its debts,
under the Bankruptcy Code, as amended, or any part thereof, or under any other
Laws, whether state or Federal, for the relief of debtors, now or hereafter
existing, shall be commenced by the Maker or shall be commenced against the
Maker and shall not be discharged within thirty (30) days of their commencement;
or (4) a receiver or trustee shall be appointed for the Maker or for any
substantial part of his assets, and such receiver or trustee shall not be
discharged within thirty (30) days of his appointment, or such proceedings shall
not be discharged within thirty (30) days of their commencement.

         Each person liable hereon whether Maker or endorser hereby waives
presentment, demand for payment, notice of dishonor, protest and notice of
protest, and hereby agrees to pay all expenses (including the reasonable fees
and expenses of legal counsel for Lender) in connection with the enforcement of
this Note and collection of amounts payable hereunder. Maker further agrees that
the liability of Maker shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence,
extension of time, renewal, forbearance, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Lender, with or without substitution, and hereby consents to the
foregoing and waive any notice thereof.

         NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN, IN ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR ELSEWHERE TO
THE CONTRARY, THE UNDERSIGNED MAKER, IN ACKNOWLEDGING THE COMPLEX ISSUES WHICH
MAY ARISE UNDER ANY DISPUTE OR LITIGATION RESPECTING ANY LIABILITIES, THIS NOTE
AND THE INCREASE IN TIME AND COST OF A TRIAL BY JURY, HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND
VOLUNTARILY FULLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT HE MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
ACTION, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION WHATSOEVER, ARISING NOW
OR AT ANY TIME HEREAFTER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH, ANY LIABILITIES, UNDER THIS NOTE AND RELATING THERETO AND THE
SERVICING THEREOF, AND ANY RELATIONSHIP CREATED THEREBY.

         The undersigned Maker acknowledges that this Note and the transaction
upon which this Note is based were issued in connection with a business
transaction. It is understood and agreed that this Note has been entered into
under and pursuant to the laws of the State of New Jersey. If any provisions
hereof shall for any reason be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect other provisions hereof, but this Note shall
be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable provision had never been
contained herein. The obligations of Maker hereunder shall bind his heirs,
successors and assigns. Maker intends this to be a sealed instrument and to be
legally bound hereby.
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound, the undersigned has
executed the foregoing Note.


                                             VERMONT MILL PROPERTIES, INC.


                                             By:  /s/ Jon E. Goodrich
                                                      Jon E. Goodrich, President


State of _________________ )
                                ) ss:
County of _______________  )

This instrument was acknowledged before me this 25 day of February, 2002, by Jon
E. Goodrich, as President of Vermont Mill Properties, Inc., and he acknowledges
that he executed the same for the purpose therein contained.



                                                  ______________________
                                                  Notary Public
My Commission expires: _________________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.138
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex10138.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FUSION CAPITAL EXTENSION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.138


                       Mace Security International, Inc.
                         1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400
                              Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054
                            Telephone: 856-778-2300
                            Facsimile: 856-439-1723

Wednesday, February 6, 2002

Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC
222 Merchandise Mart Plaza
Suite 9-112
Chicago, Illinois 60654

Re: Master Facility Agreement and Equity Purchase Agreement
    -------------------------------------------------------

Gentlemen:

     This letter is being delivered to confirm our understanding with respect to
certain issues under that certain Master Facility Agreement dated as of April 5,
2000 (the "Master Facility Agreement"), by and between MACE SECURITY
INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and FUSION CAPITAL
FUND II, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company ("Fusion"), and that certain
Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of April 17, 2000 by and between the Company
and Fusion (the "Equity Purchase Agreement"), with respect to the purchase by
Fusion of up to $12.0 million of common stock of the Company.  All capitalized
terms used in this letter that are not defined in this letter shall have the
meanings set forth in the Master Facility Agreement.

     Pursuant to Section 6 of the Equity Purchase Agreement and that certain
letter agreement dated as of January 25, 2001, between the parties, Fusion has
the right to terminate the Equity Purchase Agreement on or after February 20,
2001.  Fusion hereby agrees that it shall not exercise its termination rights
exercisable pursuant to Section 6 of the Equity Purchase Agreement prior to
February 20, 2003.  The parties Pursuant to Section 4(f) of the Master Facility
Agreement, Fusion has agreed not to sell the First Closing Commitment Shares
prior to termination of the Master Facility Agreement or the Equity Purchase
Agreement is fully performed.

                              Very truly yours,

                              MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                              By:   /s/ Robert M. Kramer
                                    --------------------
                                    Robert M. Kramer, Executive V.P.

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
FUSION CAPITAL FUND II, LLC

By:  /s/ Joshua B. Scheinfeld
     ------------------------
     Joshua B. Scheinfeld
     A Managing Member

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EPS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 11

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                       ------------------------------------------
                                                           2001           2000           1999
                                                       ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Basic:
   Weighted average shares outstanding                   25,448,564     24,476,842     13,159,154
                                                       ============   ============   ============

   Net income (loss):
      From continuing operations                       $    907,626   $   (140,921)  $ (1,351,494)
      From discontinued operations                                -        458,980         91,379
                                                       ------------   ------------   ------------
      Total                                            $    907,626   $    318,059   $ (1,260,115)
                                                       ============   ============   ============

   Basic income (loss) per share:
      From continuing operations                       $       0.04   $      (0.01)  $      (0.10)
      From discontinued operations                                -           0.02              -
                                                       ------------   ------------   ------------
      Total                                            $       0.04   $       0.01   $      (0.10)
                                                       ============   ============   ============

Diluted:
   Weighted average shares outstanding                   25,448,564     24,476,842     13,159,154

   Net effect of dilutive stock options and
     warrants based on the treasury stock
     method using the year-end market price,
     if higher than average market price                     35,681              -              -

                                                       ------------   ------------   ------------
   Total                                                 25,484,245     24,476,842     13,159,154
                                                       ============   ============   ============

   Net income (loss):
      From continuing operations                       $    907,626   $   (140,921)  $ (1,351,494)
      From discontinued operations                                -        458,980         91,379
                                                       ------------   ------------   ------------
      Total                                            $    907,626   $    318,059   $ (1,260,115)
                                                       ============   ============   ============

   Diluted income (loss) per share:
      From continuing operations                       $       0.04   $      (0.01)  $      (0.10)
      From discontinued operations                                -           0.02              -
                                                       ------------   ------------   ------------
      Total                                            $       0.04   $       0.01   $      (0.10)
                                                       ============   ============   ============
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 21



                                                         State of
Subsidiary                                            Incorporation
- -----------------------------------------------    ---------------------

Car Care, Inc.                                     Delaware
Care Investment, Inc.                              Delaware
Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.               Texas
CRCD, Inc.                                         Texas
Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.                        Florida
F.E.D. Properties, Inc.                            New York
50's Classic Car Wash of Lubbock, Inc.             Texas
Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc.                      Arizona
Mace Car Wash, Inc.                                Delaware
Mace Security Centers, Inc.                        Colorado
Mace Texas I, Inc.                                 Delaware
Mace Texas II, Inc.                                Delaware
Mace Trademark Corp.                               Delaware
Mace Truck Wash, Inc.                              Delaware
Mace Wash, Inc.                                    Delaware
MSP Retail, Inc.                                   Colorado
Worth Manufacturing Company, Inc.                  Texas

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dex231.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF AUDITORS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 23.1



              CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

We have issued our report dated February 22, 2002, accompanying the consolidated
financial statements included in the Annual Report of Mace Security
International, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. We hereby
consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration
Statements of Mace Security International, Inc. on Forms S-3 (File No.
333-87981, filed September 28, 1999 amended December 23, 1999; File No.
333-34096, filed April 5, 2000, and File No. 333-34536, filed April 11, 2000);
Form S-4 (File No. 333-89717 filed on October 26, 1999 amended December 21,
1999) and Forms S-8 (File No. 333-31757 filed on July 22, 1997 and File No.
333-93311 filed on December 21, 1999).



/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 22, 2002

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
