-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VUwJVMjBz26xhhcA5DwlsncnV0eO5CD7Uk5y8tTlz5m9548ORIJX4fKswGVKjuk8
 OeOzKNL57Bc57bu1yiZvpw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001021408-03-004496.txt : 20030319
<SEC-HEADER>0001021408-03-004496.hdr.sgml : 20030319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20030319163533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001021408-03-004496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20021231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20030319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				030311630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22810
		FILM NUMBER:		03609382

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 CROWFORD PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			MOUNT LAUREL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8567782300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 BENMONT AVE
		CITY:			BENNINGTON
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC. FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 For the year ended December 31, 2002                Commission File No. 0-22810

                        MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                 Delaware                             03-0311630
     (State or Other Jurisdiction of               (I.R.S. Employer
      Incorporation or Organization)              Identification No.)

              1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400, Mt. Laurel, NJ  08054
             (Address of Principal Executive Offices)         (Zip Code)

       Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (856) 778-2300

        Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  X     No ___
                                              ---
         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained in this form, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

         The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant, based on the last sale price of the Registrant's Common Stock
at the close of business on March 13, 2003, was approximately $7,446,204.
(Reference is made to page15 herein for a statement of assumptions upon which
this calculation is based.) The Company does not have any non-voting stock.

         The number of shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the
Registrant outstanding as of March 13, 2003 was 12,414,234.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

GENERAL

Mace Security International, Inc. ("the Company" or "Mace") was incorporated in
Delaware on September 1, 1993. On December 17, 2002, we effected a one-for-two
reverse stock split. All stock prices, share amounts, per share information,
stock options and stock warrants have been retroactively restated to reflect the
reverse split, unless otherwise noted.

Our operations are currently conducted through two segments: car and truck
washes, and security products. Since July 1999, our full service car and truck
wash segment has generated most of our revenue and profit. Through the Security
Products Segment, we produce for retail sale consumer safety and personal
defense products, as well as electronic surveillance and monitoring products.
Before July 1999, this segment's main business was the production and sale of
less-than-lethal defense sprays and other consumer safety and personal security
products.

On July 1, 1999, we merged American Wash Services, Inc., a company that was
engaged in the business of acquiring and operating car wash facilities, into a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Mace Security International, Inc.

During 2000, 2001 and for the first four months of 2002, the Company was paid
$20,000 per month under a Management Agreement pursuant to which Mark Sport,
Inc., an entity controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company,
operated the Security Products Segment. Effective May 1, 2002, the Management
Agreement expired and the Company recommenced operation of the Security Products
Segment, which at the time produced only the consumer safety and personal
defense products. With the acquisition of certain of the assets and operations
of Micro-Tech, Inc. ("Micro-Tech"), a manufacturer and retailer of electronic
security and surveillance devices on August 12, 2002, we added an additional
business unit to our Security Products Segment.

On July 9, 1999, we acquired all the outstanding common stock of Innovative
Control Systems, Inc. ("ICS"), a developer of point-of-sale systems for the car
wash and oil and lubrication industries. On June 2, 2000, we sold ICS, and
accordingly, all results of ICS's operations have been classified as
"discontinued operations."

The Company's periodic reports as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission can be found on the Company's website at www.mace.com.

LINES OF BUSINESS

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns
and operates 55 car washes and five truck washes. We operate 15 car wash
locations in the region surrounding Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, some of which
are located in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware. We also operate six car
wash locations on the west coast of Florida, in and near the Sarasota, Florida
area, 14 car wash locations in the Phoenix, Arizona area, and 20 car wash
locations in Texas. We also own five truck washes located in Arizona, Indiana,
Ohio and Texas. Except for 11 of the Philadelphia-region car washes, which
provide only exterior washing, and two of the Texas-region locations, which
represent a self serve wash facility and a lube facility, the rest of our
locations are full service car washes. The full service car washes provide
exterior washing and drying, vacuuming of the interior of the vehicle, dusting
of dashboards and door panels, and cleaning of all windows and glass.

Our typical car or truck wash facility consists of a free standing building of
approximately 4,000 square feet, containing a sales area for impulse items and a
car wash tunnel. Cars are moved through the car wash tunnel by a conveyor
system. Inside the tunnel, automatic equipment cleans the vehicle as it moves
past the equipment. Additional extra services, including wheel cleaning,
fragrance, rust protection treatment, wheel treatments, and waxing are also
offered at the locations. Many of our locations also offer other consumer
products and related car care services, such as professional automotive
detailing services (offered at 42 locations), oil and lubrication services
(offered at 11 locations), gasoline dispensing services (offered at 21
locations), state inspection services (offered at seven locations), convenience
store sales (offered at one location), and merchandise store sales (offered at
42 locations). Our truck wash facilities provide washing and waxing services for
tractor-trailer and fleet transport vehicles. These services are provided by
hand. While certain acquisitions were pending in 2000, we managed several car
wash locations under operating agreements pursuant to which we were entitled to
all profits generated by those locations. Car wash and ancillary services
provided 94.5%, 99.5%, and 99.5% of our revenues in fiscal years 2002, 2001 and
2000, respectively. (See also, the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the
financial statements accompanying this report.)

                                        2

<PAGE>

Our car wash operations are not dependent on any one or a small number of
customers. The nature of our car wash operations does not result in a backlog of
orders at any time, and all of our car wash revenues are derived from sales in
the United States. For a discussion of seasonal effects on our car wash
operations, see Item 7, Seasonality and Inflation in Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

         Security Products Segment. The Security Products Segment is comprised
of two operating divisions: the Consumer Products Division and the Electronic
Surveillance Products Division. The Consumer Products Division designs, markets
and sells consumer products for use in home and automobile protection and for
personal and child protection, including a line of defense sprays, personal
alarms, whistles, door jammers, and window and door lock alarms. The defense
sprays include tear gas sprays, pepper sprays and sprays with both tear gas and
pepper solution. The Electronic Surveillance Products include digital
surveillance cameras, DVR recorders, speed domes and controllers, quad
processors, multiplexers, monitors, electronic detection devices, devices which
allow cameras to be remotely panned and tilted, and electronic recorders. The
cameras are offered in weatherproof, black and white, and color models. Certain
of the camera models also record audio. The digital video recorders are offered
in models which can simultaneously record with four cameras, eight cameras or 16
cameras.

Substantially all of the manufacturing processes for the Consumer Products
Division are performed at the Bennington, Vermont facility. Defense spray
products are manufactured on an aerosol filling machine. Most products are
packaged in sealed, tamper-resistant "clamshells." The KinderGard(R) product
line is primarily manufactured by an unrelated company and packaged on-site at
the Vermont facility. Operating results of the KinderGard(R) product line are
immaterial at this time. Mace Anti Crime Bureau(R) ("MACB"), part of the
Consumer Products Division, develops and markets security products and
literature for the domestic and foreign financial community, including a
"dye-pack" used by financial institutions for robbery protection,
state-of-the-art training videos and crisis response materials. MACB markets to
domestic and foreign financial institutions and related businesses throughout
the world through direct marketing and the use of independent sales
representatives and distributors as well as exhibitions at national trade shows
and advertisement in trade publications.

In the first quarter of 2000, we entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the
Company. The Management Agreement entitled Mark Sport to operate the Security
Products Segment and receive all profits or losses during the term of the
Management Agreement. We retained the ownership of all of the business assets.
The Management Agreement was extended under several amendments, and terminated
on April 30, 2002. Under the Management Agreement, Mark Sport paid us $20,000
per month. Additionally, Mark Sport paid us an amount equal to the amortization
and depreciation on the assets of the division. Effective May 1, 2002, the
Management Agreement expired and the Company recommenced operation of the
Security Products Segment.

With the acquisition of certain of the assets of Micro-Tech, a manufacturer and
retailer of electronic security and surveillance devices on August 12, 2002, the
Company added the Electronic Surveillance Products Division to its Security
Products Segment. The Company has contracted with equipment manufacturers in
Korea and China to manufacture system components in accordance with our
specifications and in branded packaging suitable for direct sale to consumers or
distributors. As with all new business undertakings, there are numerous risks
associated with the new business unit that may prevent the Company from
operating it profitably. (See Risk Factors, page 8.) The Company has only
recently begun its sales efforts for the Electronic Surveillance Products.

The Security Products Segment provided 5.5%, 0.5%, and 0.5% of our revenues in
fiscal years 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. (See also, the Consolidated
Statements of Operations in the financial statements accompanying this report.)

         Point-of-Sale Systems and Software Sales and Development. On July 9,
1999, we acquired ICS in exchange for 604,000 (pre-reverse split) shares of
Company common stock and the assumption of $750,000 of debt. From July 1999 to
June 2000, ICS was involved in the development, marketing and sale of automated
point-of-sale control systems that are used to monitor, manage and analyze car
wash systems and lubrication centers. On June 2, 2000, we sold ICS. Accordingly,
all results of ICS operations have been classified as "discontinued operations."

BUSINESS STRATEGIES

Car and Truck Wash Business.

         Internal Growth. We believe that we can achieve internal growth,
principally from additional sales into our current markets, by providing
superior service and through our existing marketing efforts. To improve market
share in a given operating

                                        3

<PAGE>

region, we spend approximately 2% to 3% of regional revenue on regional
advertising campaigns emphasizing coupons to attract volume with discount offers
and brand awareness. We believe that only about 30% of the general population
routinely use car wash services. We believe that this relatively low level of
participation is the result of (i) lack of effective advertising; (ii)
inconsistent wash quality and service levels across fragmented locations; and
(iii) concerns about scratches and other adverse effects from the automated wash
process. We believe that through consumer education and by developing a strong
brand reputation, known for consistent quality and safe, dependable service
across locations, we can increase consumer participation rates and generate
significant internal growth from existing locations. We also intend to
selectively implement price increases when competitive advantages and
appropriate market conditions exist.

         Operating Efficiency. We have reduced the total operating expenses of
our owned businesses by implementing centralized financial controls. In
addition, we are continually implementing programs to take advantage of certain
economies of scale in such areas as the purchase of equipment, chemicals and
supplies, parts, equipment maintenance, data processing, financing arrangements,
employee benefits, insurance, and communications. We train our operating
personnel to emphasize customer service, labor efficiency, safe operations and
sales of add-on and ancillary services. Location managers are trained to
implement our standardized service menu option list and high-margin service
add-ons at each of our locations.

         Acquisitions. From May 1999 through December 2000, and including our
merger with American Wash Services, Inc., we acquired 62 car wash facilities and
five truck wash facilities through the acquisition of 17 separate businesses.
Seven car wash facilities have been divested or closed. The majority of the
locations were acquired by acquiring a company, or the assets of a company, that
owned several locations in a given geographic area.

We will continue to acquire car washes when we can do so on advantageous terms.
In evaluating potential acquisitions, we will consider: (i) the potential for
operating cost reductions, revenue growth through advertising, and managerial
efficiencies; (ii) the commercial viability and underlying real estate value of
each location; (iii) the potential for geographic diversification throughout the
United States; and (iv) other relevant factors. At the present time, we are not
in negotiations with any parties regarding potential acquisitions.

As consideration for future acquisitions, we intend to continue to use
combinations of common stock, cash, and assumption of indebtedness. The
consideration for each future acquisition will vary on a case-by-case basis
depending on our financial interests, the historic operating results of the
acquisition target, and the growth potential of the business to be acquired. We
expect to finance future acquisitions through funds provided by operations,
mortgage loans and the proceeds of possible future equity sales.

We did not complete any car or truck wash acquisitions in 2001 or in 2002.
During 2000, we acquired three car care companies and a truck wash company.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Completed Acquisitions
                                                 January 1, 2000-- December 31, 2000

                                                  Date Acquired
Company                                        (Accounting Method)            Location           Principal Business
- -------                                         -----------------             --------           ------------------
<S>                                           <C>                       <C>                      <C>
Red Baron Truck Washes, Inc.                  March 24, 2000            Arizona, Indiana,        Five Truck Washes
                                              (Purchase)                Texas and Ohio

Sparsupco, Inc. (the "Beneva Car Wash")       June 5, 2000              Sarasota, Florida        Full Service Car Wash
                                              (Purchase)

Superstar Kyrene                              July 10, 2000             Phoenix, Arizona         Full Service Car Wash
                                              (Purchase)

Blue Planet Car Wash                          July 26, 2000             Dallas, Texas            Full Service Car Wash
                                              (Purchase)
</TABLE>

                                        4

<PAGE>

Security Business.

         Internal Growth. The Security Products Segment designs, markets and
sells the Consumer Products and the Electronic Surveillance Products. For the
year ended December 31, 2002, revenue from the Security Products Segment was
$2,471,000. During 2002 we only sold our defense sprays to the consumer market.
The Company is prohibited from selling defense sprays to the law enforcement
market, under a non-competition agreement with Armor Holdings, Inc., until July
14, 2003. We believe that the total consumer defense spray market is
approximately $10 million to $12 million a year and that the law enforcement
market is approximately $5 million in revenue per year. We do not expect to be
able to significantly increase our market share of the consumer defense spray
market.

With the acquisition of certain of the assets of Micro-Tech, a manufacturer and
retailer of electronic security and surveillance devices on August 12, 2002, the
Company added the Electronic Surveillance Products to its Security Products
Segment. Though the Company has only recently begun its sales efforts for the
Electronic Surveillance Products, the Company believes that in 2003 its Security
Products Segment can achieve internal growth through the sale of the new
Electronic Surveillance Products.

         Operating Agreements and Acquisitions. During 2000 and 2001, we did not
directly market or sell the Consumer Product Division's line of personal safety
and security devices. All marketing and sales were done by Mark Sport under a
Management Agreement, until it expired on April 30, 2002, at which time the
Company recommenced marketing efforts.

In August 2002, the Company acquired the inventory, certain other assets and the
operations of Micro-Tech, a manufacturer and retailer of small and miniature
electronic security devices. At the present time we are not evaluating or
seeking to make any acquisitions for the Security Products Segment. However, we
would entertain a Security Products Segment acquisition if one became available
on advantageous terms. In evaluating potential acquisitions, we will consider:
(i) the potential for operating cost reductions, (ii) marketing advantages by
adding new products to the Mace(R) brand name, (iii) market penetration of
existing products; and (iv) other relevant factors.

As consideration for future acquisitions, we intend to use combinations of
common stock, cash, and assumption of indebtedness. The consideration for each
future acquisition will vary on a case-by-case basis depending on our financial
interests, the historic operating results of the acquisition target, and the
growth potential of the business to be acquired. We expect to finance future
acquisitions through funds provided by operations, loans and the proceeds of
possible future equity sales.

MARKETING

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. The car care industry services customers on
a local and regional basis. We employ operational and customer service people at
our operating locations. The operational and customer service people are
supervised by the management of the operating locations. We emphasize providing
quality services as well as customer satisfaction and retention, and believe
that we will attract customers in the future because of our reputation for
quality service. We market our services through regional coupon advertising,
direct-mail marketing programs and radio and television advertisements. We spend
2% to 3% of regional revenue on regional advertising campaigns. We have a
diverse customer base, with no single customer accounting for five percent or
more of our consolidated revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.
We do not believe that the loss of any single customer would have a material
adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

         Security Products Segment. During 2000 and 2001, we did not directly
market the Consumer Products Division's line of personal safety and security
devices. All marketing and sales were done by Mark Sport under a Management
Agreement until it expired on April 30, 2002, at which time the Company
recommenced marketing efforts. The Consumer Products are available for purchase
at mass merchant/department stores, gun shops, sporting goods stores, hardware,
auto, convenience and drug stores. Each market category of the Consumer Products
Division is reached through dedicated in-house sales managers, and/or through a
nationwide network of manufacturers' representatives. Consumer Products are also
available for purchase directly through a catalog, trade publication
advertising, an internet website and promotions at industry trade shows. Mail
orders, internet orders and specialty accounts are handled directly by the
Company.

Our marketing efforts for the Electronic Surveillance Products have just
recently commenced. Most of the products will be in our warehouse available for
shipping by the end of the first quarter of 2003. Our Electronic Surveillance
Products contain two separate lines which are developed for two distinct
markets: professional installers who sell and install systems, and consumers who
will directly purchase the equipment. The professional line will be sold through
a catalog, walk-up sales from our Hollywood, Florida warehouse facility, and
through dealer networks which we intend to develop. Our consumer lines will be

                                        5

<PAGE>

sold primarily through mass merchants and spy shops. Our marketing efforts have
recently commenced; however, no assurance can be given that our planned
marketing will succeed.

         Point-of-Sale and Software Segment. Having sold ICS, we no longer
market the point-of-sale systems manufactured by ICS.

PRODUCTION AND SUPPLIES

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. We do not manufacture any of the car or
truck wash equipment and supplies which we use. There are numerous suppliers of
the equipment and supplies required by our car and truck wash operations.

         Consumer Products Division. Substantially all of the manufacturing
processes for the Consumer Products are performed at our leased Bennington,
Vermont facility. Defense spray products are manufactured on an aerosol filling
machine. Most products are packaged in sealed, tamper-resistant "clamshells."
The KinderGard(R) product line and its MaceCash dye pack bag are primarily
manufactured by unrelated companies and packaged on-site at the Vermont
facility. There are numerous potential suppliers of the components and parts
required in the production process. We have developed strong beneficial
long-term relationships with many of our suppliers including the following:
Allplax, Inc., Moldamatic, Inc., Piper Impact, Inc., Amber International, Inc.
and Springfield Printing, Inc. In addition, we purchase for resale a variety of
products produced by others including whistles, alarms, and window and door
locks, among others.

         Electronic Surveillance Products Division. All of the Electronic
Surveillance Products are manufactured in Asia, principally Korea and China, by
OEM manufacturers. The Electronic Surveillance Products are manufactured to our
specifications, labeled, packaged and shipped ready for sale to our warehouse in
Hollywood, Florida.

COMPETITION

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. The car care industry is a highly
fragmented industry comprised of many large and small private businesses. At any
of our wash locations, our main competitors are privately owned car washes which
may, in many instances, be located near our car washes. The car care industry is
highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on location, facilities,
customer service, available services and rates. We also face competition from
sources outside the car wash industry, such as gas stations that offer automated
car wash services. Because barriers to entry in the general car care industry
are relatively low, competition may arise from new sources not currently
competing with us. We compete with other regional and national car wash chains
including Wash Depot Holdings, Inc., Car Wash Partners, Car Wash of America, Car
Spa and Oasis Car Wash.

         Security Products Segment. The Consumer Products Division faces
intense competition in the security products consumer market. Domestically,
there continues to be a number of companies marketing defense sprays to civilian
consumers. While we continue to offer defense spray products that we believe
distinguish themselves through brand name recognition, superior product features
and formulations, and research and development, this division has experienced a
sales decline for these products. We attribute this decline not only to the
strong competition, but also to lower demand in general.

Our Electronic Surveillance Products Division faces competition from many larger
companies such as Sony, Panasonic, and others. A number of these competitors
have significantly greater financial, marketing, and other resources than the
Company. The Company also competes with numerous well-established smaller, local
or regional firms. Increased competition from these companies could have an
adverse effect on the Company's Electronic Surveillance Products Division.

TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS

         Car and Truck Wash Business. We own a registered service mark for Super
Bright(R) effective October 30, 2001. We have selected Super Bright(R) as our
brand name for regions which do not have a well recognized name. During 2002, we
upgraded the signage and appearance of many of our car wash facilities while
branding our Pennsylvania, San Antonio and Lubbock locations as Super Bright(R).

         Security Products Segment. Mace Security International, Inc. began
marketing products in 1993 under the Mace(R) brand name and related trademarks
pursuant to an exclusive license for sales of defense sprays to the consumer
market in the continental United States, and a non-exclusive license for sales
to the consumer market worldwide. The license agreement was renegotiated in 1992
to include a purchase option. We exercised this option and purchased outright
the Mace(R) brand name and

                                        6

<PAGE>

related trademarks (Pepper Mace(R), Chemical Mace(R), Mace . . . Just in
Case(R), CS Mace(TM) and Magnum Mace(TM)). In conjunction with this purchase, we
acquired a non-exclusive worldwide license to promote a patented pepper spray
formula in both markets. We also have various other patents and trademarks for
the devices we sell including, trademarks and patents for the Big Jammer(R) door
brace, Window Jammer(TM), Sonic Alert(TM), Safety Flasher(TM), Sport Strobe(TM),
Child Safe Alarm(TM), Window Alert(TM), Motion Alert(TM), Emergency Whistle(TM),
Auto Alert(TM), Screecher(R), Peppergard(R), Slam(R), Mace (Mexico)(R), Viper(R)
defense spray, KinderGard(R), Zip-a-Babe(R), Hand-n-Hand(R), Safe-T-Zip(R) and
TG Guard(R). The TG Guard(R) Security Protection System is designed to move
disruptive inmates out of an affected area without sending in correctional
officers who could be harmed or taken hostage. TG Guard(R) accomplishes this
with a strategic arrangement of chemical agent dispensers installed in ceiling
or elevated fixtures. The system is capable of eliminating internal or external
disturbances at correctional facilities and other high risk, high security
facilities. Additionally, we have been issued a patent on the locking mechanism
for our Mark VI defense spray unit.

In July 1998, in connection with the sale of our Law Enforcement division, we
transferred our Mace (R) brand trademark and all related trademarks and a patent
(No. 5,348,193) to our wholly-owned subsidiary, Mace Trademark Corp. The
purchaser of our Law Enforcement division received a 99 year license to use the
Mace (R) brand, certain other such trademarks and the patent in the Law
Enforcement Market only.

The Company is in the process of completing appropriate filings to expand the
Mace (R) trademark to cover the new Electronic Surveillance products.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION/ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. We are subject to various local, state and
federal laws regulating the discharge of pollutants into the environment. We
believe that our operations are in compliance in all material respects with
applicable environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and
regulations is not expected to materially affect our competitive position. Three
major areas of regulation facing us are disposal of lubrication oil at our oil
change centers, the compliance with all underground storage tank laws in
connection with our gasoline sales and the proper recycling and disposal of
water used in our car and truck washes. We use approved waste-oil haulers to
remove our oil and lubricant waste. Before acquiring a gasoline dispensing site,
we investigate it to verify that any underground storage tanks are in compliance
with all legal requirements. We recycle our waste water and where we have proper
permits it is disposed of into sewage drains. Approximately 70% of the detergent
and wax products used in the car wash are recycled at sites where a built-in
reclaim system exists.

         Security Products Segment. The distribution, sale, ownership and use of
consumer defense sprays are legal in some form in all 50 states and the District
of Columbia. However, in most states, sales to minors are prohibited and in
several states (MA, MI, NE, NY, WI), sales of defense sprays are highly
regulated. On January 1, 1996, California eased restrictions on defense sprays.
On November 1, 1996, New York lifted an overall ban on defense sprays allowing
for the sale of oleoresin capsicum (OC) pepper sprays in licensed pharmacies and
licensed gun stores only. Massachusetts requires both users and sellers to be
licensed. Wisconsin allows the sale of OC pepper sprays only and they must be
sold from behind a counter or under glass. Michigan does not permit sales of
chloroacetophenone (CN) sprays. Nevada permits sales of
orthochlorobenzalmalononitrile (CS) sprays only. We have been able to sell our
defense sprays within the guidelines set by state regulations. There can be no
assurance, however, that broader, more severe restrictions will not be enacted
that would have an adverse impact on the results of our Consumer Products
Division. We believe we are in material compliance with all federal, state, and
local environmental laws.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. There were no research and development
expenditures within the car and truck wash segment.

         Security Products Segment. We have an on-site laboratory at our Vermont
facility where research and development is conducted to maintain our reputation
in the defense spray industry. We are continually reviewing ideas and potential
licensing arrangements to expand our product lines. We spent approximately
$4,000 on research and development in 2002. Our Electronic Surveillance Products
have been developed by our staff in Hollywood, Florida, working in conjunction
with certain OEM manufacturers. We have spent $6,000 in developing the
Electronic Surveillance Products in 2002.

                                        7

<PAGE>

INSURANCE

We maintain various insurance coverages for our assets and operations. These
coverages include Property coverages including business interruption protection
for each location. We maintain commercial general liability coverage in the
amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate with an
umbrella policy which provides coverage up to $25,000,000. We also maintain
workers' compensation policies in every state in which we operate. Commencing
July 2002, as a result of increasing costs of the Company's insurance program,
including auto, general liability, and workers' compensation coverage, we are
insured through participation in a captive insurance program with other
unrelated parties. The Company maintains excess coverage through
occurrence-based policies. With respect to our auto, general liability and
workers' compensation policies, we are required to set aside a certain amount of
cash in a restricted "loss fund" account for the payment of our deductible
obligations under the policies. We expect to fund these accounts annually as
required by the insurance company with any unused deposited funds returned to us
with interest on the third anniversary of the policy year-end. The captive
insurance program is further secured by a letter of credit in the amount of
$220,000 at December 31, 2002. The Company records monthly an expense for losses
below the deductible limits based on the Company's tracking of claims and the
insurance company's reporting of amounts paid on claims plus their estimate of
reserves for possible future payments. There can be no assurance that our
insurance will provide sufficient coverage in the event a claim is made against
us, or that we will be able to maintain in place such insurance at reasonable
prices. An uninsured or under insured claim against us of sufficient magnitude
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

U.S. BASED BUSINESS

All of our car wash and truck wash business is conducted in the United States.
Approximately 6% of the 2002 revenue from our Security Products Segment was
derived from customers outside of the United States. Our Electronic Surveillance
Products are manufactured in Asia. We do not believe we are currently subject to
any material risks associated with any foreign operations.

EMPLOYEES

As of March 13, 2003, we had approximately 1,500 employees, of which
approximately 1,456 were employed in the car and truck wash segment, 23 employed
in the security products segment, 16 in corporate clerical, administrative and
sales positions, and five in management. None of our employees is covered by a
collective bargaining agreement.

FACTORS INFLUENCING FUTURE RESULTS AND ACCURACY OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Forward Looking Statements"). All statements
other than statements of historical fact included in this report are Forward
Looking Statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such
Forward Looking Statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such
expectations will prove to have been correct. Generally, these statements relate
to business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or other
consequences of such plans or strategies, number of acquisitions and projected
or anticipated benefits from acquisitions made by or to be made by us, or
projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings, levels of capital
expenditures or other aspects of operating results. All phases of our
operations are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences,
many of which are outside our control and any one of which, or a combination of
which, could materially affect the results of our operations and whether Forward
Looking Statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Such important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations are disclosed in this section and elsewhere in this report. All
subsequent written and oral Forward Looking Statements attributable to the
Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by the important factors described below that could cause actual
results to differ from our expectations. The Forward Looking Statements made
herein are only made as of the date of this filing, and we undertake no
obligation to publicly update such Forward Looking Statements to reflect
subsequent events or circumstances.

         Our business plan poses risks for us. Our business objectives include
internally developing our Electronic Surveillance Products and acquiring
additional car washes, if we can do it under advantageous terms. To date, we
have spent or committed to spend approximately $2.2 million in developing our
Electronic Surveillance Products Division including the acquisition cost of
Micro-Tech, the purchase of our warehouse in Hollywood, Florida, and the cost of
developing and purchasing our expanded inventory product line. To date, we have
no significant sales of our Electronic Surveillance Products and are only now
developing our distribution and sales network. As part of our business plan we
may also develop or acquire additional car wash facilities. Our strategy
involves a number of risks, including:

                                        8

<PAGE>

          i.   risks associated with growth;
          ii.  risks associated with acquisitions;
          iii. risks associated with the recruitment and development of
               management and operating personnel; and
          iv.  risks of not being able to sell the Electronic Surveillance
               Products in the quantities we have ordered from OEM
               manufacturers.

If we are unable to manage one or more of these associated risks effectively, we
may not fully realize our business plan.

         We have reported net losses. We have reported net losses and working
capital deficits, and we have expended substantial funds for acquisitions,
equipment, and new business development. With the adoption of SFAS 142 on
January 1, 2002, we no longer amortize goodwill and certain intangible assets
determined to have indefinite useful lives. Additionally, SFAS 142 requires
annual fair value based impairment tests of goodwill and other intangible assets
identified with indefinite useful lives. The Company cannot guarantee that there
will not be impairments in subsequent reporting periods that will have a
material impact on earnings and equity of the Company. (See also Note 3 to
Consolidated Financial Statements, Change in Accounting Principle.)

         Risk related to borrowings. Our bank debt as of December 31, 2002 was
$33,312,000. Of the bank debt $8,812,000 is classified as current as it is due
in less than twelve months. Our business plan is dependent on refinancing the
debt as it becomes due. Several of our debt agreements, as amended, contain
certain affirmative and negative covenants and require the maintenance of
certain levels of tangible net worth and the maintenance of certain debt
coverage ratios on an individual subsidiary and consolidated level. At December
31, 2002, we were not in compliance with our consolidated debt coverage ratios
related to our Bank One, Texas, N.A. ("Bank One") term notes, our GMAC notes
payable and our Wachovia Bank N.A. ("Wachovia") note payable. At December 31,
2002, we were also not in compliance with a debt coverage ratio requirement
related to certain Bank One notes payable with our subsidiary, Colonial Full
Service Car Wash, Inc. ("Colonial"). With respect to the GMAC notes payable and
the Bank One notes payable related to Colonial, the Company has received waivers
of acceleration of the notes as of December 31, 2002 and through January 1,
2004. Additionally, the Company has entered into amendments to the Bank One term
loan agreements and a modification agreement to the Wachovia note payable. The
Company is currently in compliance with the covenants as amended. The amended
debt coverage ratio with Bank One requires the Company to maintain a
consolidated Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization
("EBITDA") to debt service ("the debt coverage ratio") of 1.2 to 1 at December
31, 2002, and at December 31, 2003 and thereafter, and a 1.1 to 1 ratio for the
twelve month periods ending March 31, 2003, June 30, 2003 and September 30,
2003. As of March 17, 2003, the preliminary operating results for the quarter
ended March 31, 2003 through this date indicate that we should meet the required
debt coverage ratio as of March 31, 2003; however, we cannot provide assurance
that favorable operating trends will continue through March 31, 2003. If we
default on the Bank One covenants, the Company will need to obtain a further
amendment or waiver from Bank One. If the Company is unable to obtain a waiver
or amendment, Bank One debt totaling $8,424,000 currently recorded as long-term
debt at December 31, 2002 would become due on demand.

The Company's ongoing ability to comply with its debt covenants under its credit
arrangements and refinance its debt depends largely on the achievement of
adequate levels of cash flow. Our cash flow has been and can continue to be
adversely affected by weather patterns and the economic climate. In the event
that non-compliance with the debt covenants should reoccur, the Company would
pursue various alternatives to successfully resolve the non-compliance, which
might include, among other things, seeking additional debt covenant waivers or
amendments, or refinancing of debt with other financial institutions. Although
the Company believes that it will be successful in resolving potential
non-compliance with its debt covenants, or refinancing its current debt, there
can be no assurance that further debt covenant waivers or amendments will be
attained or that the debt will be refinanced with other financial institutions
at favorable terms.

         We have a limited operating history regarding our Electronic
Surveillance Products Division. We recently expanded our line of security
products by adding the Electronic Surveillance Products Division. We are
incurring expenses to develop the new line of products without having
extensively tested the size or possible profitability of the market for such
products. There are numerous risks associated with the new Electronic
Surveillance Products that may prevent the Company from making them
profitability, including, among others: risks associated with unanticipated
problems in the acquired company; risks inherent with our management having
limited experience in electronic security device marketing; risks relating to
the size and number of competitors in the electronic security device market,
many of whom may be more experienced or better financed; risks associated with
the costs of planned entry into new markets and expansion of product lines in
old markets; and risks attendant to locating and maintaining reliable sources of
OEM products and component supplies in the electronic industry. We also expect
that there will be costs related to product returns and warranties and customer
support, that we cannot quantify or accurately estimate until we have more
experience in operating the new business.

                                        9

<PAGE>

         We may not be able to manage growth. If we succeed in growing, growth
will place significant burdens on our management and on our operational and
other resources. We will need to attract, train, motivate, retain and supervise
our senior managers and other employees. If we are unable to do this, we will
not be able to realize our business objectives.

         Our car wash business may suffer under certain weather conditions.
Seasonal trends in some periods may affect our car wash business. In particular,
long periods of rain and cloudy weather can adversely affect our car wash
business as people typically do not wash their cars during such periods.
Additionally, extended periods of warm, dry weather may encourage customers to
wash their cars themselves which also can adversely affect our car wash
business.

         We face significant competition. The extent and kind of competition
that we face varies. The car care industry is highly competitive. Competition is
based primarily on location, facilities, customer service, available services
and rates. Because barriers to entry into the car care industry are relatively
low, competition may be expected to continually arise from new sources not
currently competing with us. We also face competition from outside the car care
industry, such as gas stations and convenience stores, that offer automated car
wash services. In some cases, these competitors may have greater financial and
operating resources than we have. In our car wash businesses, we face
competition from a number of sources, including regional and national chains,
gasoline stations, gasoline companies, automotive companies and specialty
stores, both regional and national.

         Consumer demand for our car wash services is unpredictable. Our
financial condition and results of operations will depend substantially on
continued consumer demand for car wash services. Our car wash business depends
on consumers choosing to employ professional services to wash their cars rather
than washing their cars themselves or not washing their cars at all. We cannot
give assurance that consumer demand for car wash services will increase as our
business expands, nor can we give assurance that consumer demand will maintain
its current level.

         We must maintain our car wash equipment. Although we undertake to keep
our car washing equipment in proper operating condition, the operating
environment in car washes results in frequent mechanical problems. If we fail to
properly maintain the equipment, any car wash could become inoperable resulting
in a loss of its revenue.

         Our car wash and car care services operations face governmental
regulations. We are governed by federal, state and local laws and regulations,
including environmental regulations, that regulate the operation of our car wash
centers and other car care services businesses. Other car care services, such as
gasoline and lubrication, use a number of oil derivatives and other regulated
hazardous substances. As a result, we are governed by environmental laws and
regulations dealing with, among other things:

            i.   transportation, storage, presence, use, disposal and handling
                 of hazardous materials and wastes;
            ii.  discharge of storm water; and
            iii. underground storage tanks.

If any of the previously mentioned substances were found on our property,
including leased property, or if we were found to be in violation of applicable
laws and regulations, we could be responsible for clean-up costs, property
damage and fines, or other penalties, any one of which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

         We face risks associated with our consumer safety products. We face
claims of injury allegedly resulting from our defense sprays. For example, we
are aware of allegations that defense sprays used by law enforcement personnel
resulted in deaths of prisoners and of suspects in custody. In the event a
lawsuit is brought against us, we cannot give assurance that our insurance
coverage will be sufficient to cover any judgments won. If our insurance
coverage is exceeded, we will have to pay the excess liability directly.

         Our operations are dependent substantially on the services of our
executive officers. If we lose one or more of our executive officers, the loss
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
We do not maintain key-man life insurance policies on our executive officers.
The current employment agreements of Messrs. Paolino, Kramer and Krzemien expire
respectively on May 24, 2003, March 26, 2003 and March 26, 2003. Mr. Paolino is
the Company's Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Kramer is the Company's Chief
Operating Officer, General Counsel and Secretary; and Mr. Krzemien is the
Company's Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The Company and the officers
named above have not yet entered into negotiations concerning their continued
employment after the terms of their employment agreements have expired.

                                       10

<PAGE>

       Listing on the Nasdaq National Market. Our common stock had a bid price
of $1.03 at the close of the market on March 13, 2003. If the price of our
common stock falls below $1.00 and for 30 consecutive days remains below $1.00,
we are subject to being delisted from the Nasdaq National Market. Upon delisting
from the Nasdaq National Market, our stock would be traded on the Nasdaq
SmallCap Market until we maintain a minimum bid price of one dollar for thirty
consecutive days at which time we can regain listing on the Nasdaq National
Market. If our stock fails to maintain a minimum bid price of one dollar for
thirty consecutive days during a 180 day grace period on the Nasdaq SmallCap
Market or a 360 day grace period if compliance with certain core listing
standards are demonstrated, we could receive a delisting notice from the Nasdaq
SmallCap Market. Upon delisting from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, our stock would
be traded over-the-counter, more commonly known as OTC. OTC transactions involve
risks in addition to those associated with transactions in securities traded on
the Nasdaq National Market or the Nasdaq SmallCap Market (together
"Nasdaq-Listed Stocks"). OTC companies may have limited product lines, markets
or financial resources. Many OTC stocks trade less frequently and in smaller
volumes than Nasdaq-Listed Stocks. The values of these stocks may be more
volatile than Nasdaq-Listed Stocks. If our stock is traded in the OTC market and
a market maker sponsors us, we may have the price of our stock electronically
displayed on the OTC Bulletin Board, or OTCBB. However, if we lack sufficient
market maker support for display on the OTCBB, we must have our price published
by the National Quotations Bureau LLP in a paper publication known as the "Pink
Sheets." The marketability of our stock will be even more limited if our price
must be published on the "Pink Sheets."

On October 2, 2002, the Company was advised by Nasdaq that its common stock
failed to maintain a pre-reverse split minimum bid price of $1.00 over the prior
30 consecutive trading days as required by the Nasdaq National Market under its
Marketplace Rules. Nasdaq advised us that we had 90 days to maintain a bid price
of at least one dollar for ten consecutive business days or we would be
delisted. The Company maintained a minimum bid price of at least one dollar for
ten consecutive business days ending December 24, 2002, in part by completing a
one-for-two reverse stock split on December 17, 2002. On December 30, 2002, the
Company was advised by Nasdaq that it was in compliance with Market Place Rule
4450(a)(5) and was not subject to being delisted.

       Our stock price is volatile. Our common stock's market price has been and
is likely to continue to be highly volatile. Factors like fluctuations in our
quarterly revenues and operating results, our ongoing acquisition program,
market conditions and economic conditions generally may impact significantly our
common stock's market price. In addition, if we make an acquisition, we may
agree to issue common stock that will become available generally for resale and
may have an impact on our common stock's market price.

       Our preferred stock may affect the rights of the holders of our common
stock; it may also discourage another entity from acquiring control of Mace. Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. It
is not possible to state the precise effect of preferred stock upon the rights
of the holders of our common stock until the Board of Directors determines the
respective preferences, limitations and relative rights of the holders of one or
more series or classes of the preferred stock. However, such effect might
include: (i) reduction of the amount otherwise available for payment of
dividends on common stock, to the extent dividends are payable on any issued
shares of preferred stock, and restrictions on dividends on common stock if
dividends on the preferred stock are in arrears, (ii) dilution of the voting
power of the common stock to the extent that the preferred stock has voting
rights, and (iii) the holders of common stock not being entitled to share in our
assets upon liquidation until satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted
to the preferred stock.

The preferred stock may be viewed as having the effect of discouraging an
unsolicited attempt by another entity to acquire control of us and may therefore
have an anti-takeover effect. Issuances of authorized preferred stock can be
implemented, and have been implemented by some companies in recent years with
voting or conversion privileges intended to make an acquisition of the company
more difficult or costly. Such an issuance could discourage or limit the
stockholders' participation in certain types of transactions that might be
proposed (such as a tender offer), whether or not such transactions were favored
by the majority of the stockholders, and could enhance the ability of officers
and directors to retain their positions.

       Some provisions of Delaware law may prevent us from being acquired. We
are governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business
combination" with an entity who is an "interested stockholder" for a period of
three (3) years, unless approved in a prescribed manner. This provision of
Delaware law may affect our ability to merge with, or to engage in other similar
activities with, some other companies. This means that we may be a less
attractive target to a potential acquirer who otherwise may be willing to pay a
price for our common stock above its market price.

                                       11

<PAGE>

       We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock. We do not
expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We will reinvest in our business any cash otherwise available for dividends.

       There are additional risks set forth in the incorporated documents. In
addition to the risk factors set forth above, you should review the financial
statements and exhibits incorporated into this report. Such documents may
contain, in certain instances and from time to time, additional and supplemental
information relating to the risks set forth above and/or additional risks to be
considered by you, including, without limitation, information relating to losses
experienced by us in certain historical periods, working capital deficits at
particular dates, information relating to pending and recently completed
acquisitions, descriptions of new or changed federal or state regulations
applicable to Mace, data relating to remediation and the actions taken by Mace,
and estimates at various times of Mace's potential liabilities for compliance
with environmental laws or in connection with pending litigation.

ITEM 2.   DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

Our corporate headquarters is located in Mount Laurel, New Jersey. We rent
approximately 10,000 square feet of space at a current annual cost of
approximately $192,000.

       Car and Truck Wash Properties. Our principal fixed assets are our car
wash facilities used for performing car care services which are described under
Item 1. Lines of Business. The 55 car wash facilities operated by us as of
December 31, 2002 are situated on sites we own or lease. We own 42 and lease 13
of our car wash facilities. The locations of our car washes and the services
offered at the locations are set forth in summary fashion in the chart below.

                                          Type of             Number of
      Locations/(1)/                     Car Wash/(2)/        Facilities
      ---------                          -------              ----------

      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania       Full Service                3
      Area                             Exterior Washes             3

      Southern New Jersey Area         Full Service                1
                                       Exterior Washes             7

      Smyrna, Delaware                 Exterior Wash               1

      Phoenix, Arizona Area            Full Service               14

      Dallas, Texas Area               Full Service                8
                                       Lube Only                   1
                                       Self Serve/Lube             1

      Austin, Texas                    Full Service                3

      Lubbock, Texas                   Full Service                3

      Sarasota, Florida Area           Full Service                6

      San Antonio, Texas               Full Service                4

     (1) The majority of our locations are owned except for the following number
         of locations which are leased:

         (i)   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (3)
         (ii)  Southern New Jersey Area (1)
         (iii) Smyrna, Delaware (1)
         (iv)  Phoenix, Arizona Area (5)
         (v)   Dallas, Texas Area (3)

     (2) Several locations also offer other consumer products and related car
         care services, such as professional detailing services (offered at 42
         locations), oil and lubrication services (offered at 11 locations),
         gasoline dispensing services (offered at 21 locations), state
         inspection services (offered at seven locations), convenience store
         sales (offered at one location) and merchandise store sales (offered at
         42 locations).

                                       12

<PAGE>

We own real estate, buildings, equipment and other properties that we employ in
substantially all of our car washes. We expect to make substantial investments
in additional equipment and property for expansion, replacement of assets, and
in connection with future acquisitions.

Many of our car washes are encumbered by first mortgage loans. Of the 55 car
washes owned or leased by us as of December 31, 2002, 26 properties secure first
mortgage loans totaling $31.9 million and 29 were not encumbered.

We also own and operate five truck wash facilities. We own the buildings and
equipment at each of our truck washes, and lease the land for all of our truck
wash facilities except for the Amarillo, Texas land which we own. One of our
truck wash properties is encumbered by debt which as of December 31, 2002
totaled $331,000.

       Security Products Segment Properties. The operations of our Consumer
Products Division, including administration and sales, and all of its production
facilities are located in Bennington, Vermont. Commencing May 1, 2002, we leased
approximately 44,000 square feet of space in a building from Vermont Mill
Properties, Inc. ("Vermont Mill") at an annual cost of $110,000. Vermont Mill is
controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company and President of Mark
Sport. The operations of our recently acquired Electronic Surveillance Products
Division are located in Hollywood, Florida. In November 2002, we purchased a
6,700 square foot building consisting of inventory warehouse space and future
office space for administrative and sales functions. This new facility is
secured by a first mortgage loan in the amount of $399,000. Prior to purchasing
the Hollywood, Florida facility, we rented 1,000 square feet of space at a rate
of approximately $1,400 per month.


ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In December 1999, the Company was named as a defendant in a suit filed in the
State of New York by Janeen Johnson et. al. The litigation concerns a claim that
a self-defense spray manufactured by the Company and used by a law enforcement
officer contributed to the suffering and death of Christopher Johnson. The
Company forwarded the suit to its insurance carrier for defense. The Company
does not anticipate that this claim will result in the payment of damages in
excess of the Company's insurance coverage.

In 2000, the Company was named as a defendant in a suit filed in the United
States District Court for the District of Colorado by Robert Rifkin. The suit
alleges that the Company and its transfer agent delayed in the removal of a
restrictive legend from certain shares of Company common stock owned by the
plaintiff, and that the delay caused the plaintiff to incur a loss in excess of
$335,000. Though the outcome of litigation is always uncertain, the Company
believes that there was no delay in the removal of the legend from the shares.

In July 2001, the Company filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of New York
County of the State of New York against LTV Networks, Inc., to collect upon a
promissory note in the amount of $100,000. In January 2002, defendant LTV filed
an answer to the suit denying liability under the promissory note and making
counterclaims. The counterclaims allege that the Company had agreed to lend LTV
$500,000 and that LTV has been damaged in the amount of $10 million because the
Company only lent $100,000 to LTV. The parties are presently completing
discovery and depositions. Though the outcome of litigation is always uncertain,
the Company currently believes that the counterclaims are without merit.

In October 2001, the Company was named as an additional party defendant in a
suit filed by Alan Berndt and Martha Berndt in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California. The litigation alleges the Company was
responsible for personal injuries arising out of Mr. Berndt's use of a Gas
Launcher. We have forwarded the suit to our insurance carrier for defense. We do
not anticipate that this claim will result in the payment of damages in excess
of our insurance coverage.

In May 2002, the Company was named as one of three defendants in a suit filed by
Timothy Gamradt and Carla Gamradt in the United States District Court for the
District of Minnesota. The litigation alleges that the plaintiffs are entitled
to damages against the Company due to injuries allegedly sustained by Mr.
Gamradt when a pyrotechnic smoke device known as the "Black Smoke Device" was
discharged by Mr. Gamradt's superior during a training exercise at a federal
prison facility at which Mr. Gamradt was employed as a guard. Mr. Gamradt
alleges that when the device was activated, he suffered injuries to his lungs.
We have forwarded the suit to our insurance carrier for defense. We do not
anticipate that this claim will result in the payment of damages in excess of
our insurance coverage.

In July 2002, the Company and its former president, Jon Goodrich, were named as
defendants in a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of New York County of the State of
New York filed by Armor Holdings, et al. The suit alleges that the Company and
Mr.

                                       13

<PAGE>

Goodrich had violated the non-compete terms of various agreements entered
into in April 1998, which transferred certain of the Company's then lines of
business to the plaintiffs. The suit also alleges that the Company violated a
right of first refusal on sale granted to plaintiffs, when the Company entered
into a Management Agreement with Mark Sport, Inc., to operate the Company's
Consumer Products Division. The lawsuit requests $15 million in damages. Though
the outcome of litigation is always uncertain, the Company believes that all of
the claims are without merit.

The Company is a party to various other legal proceedings related to its normal
business activities. In the opinion of the Company's management, none of these
proceedings are material in relation to the Company's results of operations,
liquidity, cash flows or financial condition.

Although the Company is not aware of any substantiated claim of permanent
personal injury from its products, the Company is aware of reports of incidents
in which, among other things, defense sprays have been mischievously or
improperly used, in some cases by minors; have not been instantly effective; or
have been ineffective against enraged or intoxicated individuals.

ITEM 4.    SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

A Special Meeting of the Stockholders of Mace Security International, Inc. was
held on December 16, 2002. A proposal was submitted to approve an amendment to
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a one-for-two
reverse split of the outstanding shares of Mace's common stock. The voting,
represented in pre-reverse stock split shares, was 21,981,693 votes for, 312,984
votes withheld or against, and 10,675 abstentions.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following information is furnished in this Part I pursuant to Instruction 3
to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K:

There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers of the
Company. The following table sets forth information regarding certain of our
executive officers.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Name                                        Age                       Position
         ----                                        ---                       --------
         <S>                                         <C>      <C>
         Louis D. Paolino, Jr. ...............        46      Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief
                                                                  Executive Officer
         Robert M. Kramer ....................        50      Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer,
                                                                  General Counsel, and Secretary
         Gregory M. Krzemien .................        43      Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
         Ronald R. Pirollo ...................        44      Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller
</TABLE>

Louis D. Paolino, Jr. has served as the Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 1999. From June 1996 through
December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. Prior thereto, he was
President of Soil Remediation of Philadelphia, Inc., a company engaged in the
business of treating contaminated soil. From September 1993 to June 1996, Mr.
Paolino served as a Vice President of USA Waste Services, Inc. From November
1995 to January 1996, Mr. Paolino served on the Board of Directors of Metal
Management, Inc., formerly known as General Parametrics Corp., a publicly traded
company. Mr. Paolino received a B.S. in Civil Engineering from Drexel
University. Mr. Paolino is 46 years old.

Robert M. Kramer has served as a director of the Company, and as Executive Vice
President, General Counsel, and Secretary of the Company since May 1999, and as
Chief Operating Officer since July 2000. From June 1996 through December 1998,
he served as General Counsel, Executive Vice President and Secretary of Eastern
Environmental Services, Inc. Mr. Kramer is an attorney and has practiced law
since 1979 with various firms, including Blank Rome Comisky & McCauley,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Arent Fox Kitner Poltkin & Kahn, Washington, D.C.
From 1989 to December 2000, Mr. Kramer had been the sole partner of Robert M.
Kramer & Associates, P.C., a law firm which consisted of three lawyers. From
December 1989 to December 1997, Mr. Kramer served on the Board of Directors of
American Capital Corporation, a registered securities broker dealer. Mr. Kramer
received B.S. and J.D. degrees from Temple University Law School. Mr. Kramer is
50 years old.

Gregory M. Krzemien has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of
the Company since May 1999. From August 1992 through December 1998, he served as
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc.
From October 1988 to August 1992, Mr. Krzemien was a senior audit manager with
Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Krzemien received a

                                       14

<PAGE>

B.S. degree in Accounting from the Pennsylvania State University and is a
certified public accountant. Mr. Krzemien is 43 years old.

Ronald R. Pirollo has served as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate
Controller of the Company since May 1999. Mr. Pirollo served as Vice President
and Corporate Controller of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. from July 1997
to June 1999. Prior thereto, Mr. Pirollo was with Envirite Corporation for ten
years, where he served in various financial management positions including Vice
President - Finance. Mr. Pirollo received a B.S. degree in Accounting and an MBA
from Villanova University. Mr. Pirollo is 44 years old.

                                       15

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

(a) Market Price and Dividends of the Registrant's Common Equity

Our common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market and quoted on the
Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol "MACE". Common stock price
reflects inter-dealer quotations, does not include retail markups, markdowns or
commissions and does not necessarily represent actual transactions.

The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and low
sale prices per share for our common stock, as reported by Nasdaq.

On December 17, 2002, we effected a one-for-two reverse stock split. All
information in the table below preceding the reverse split has been restated for
the reverse split.

                                                HIGH      LOW
                                                ----      ---
Year Ended December 31, 2001
         First Quarter ..............           $2.69    $1.19
         Second Quarter .............            2.80     1.06
         Third Quarter ..............            2.42     1.60
         Fourth Quarter .............            2.00     1.24
Year Ended December 31, 2002
         First Quarter ..............           $2.88    $1.26
         Second Quarter .............            2.58     1.82
         Third Quarter ..............            2.18     1.50
         Fourth Quarter .............            3.00     1.00
Year Ended December 31, 2003
         First Quarter ..............           $2.02    $1.02
            (through March 13, 2003)

The closing price for our common stock on March 13, 2003 was $1.03. For purposes
of calculating the aggregate market value of our shares of common stock held by
non-affiliates, as shown on the cover page of this report, it has been assumed
that all the outstanding shares were held by non-affiliates except for the
shares held by our directors and executive officers and stockholders owning 10%
or more of our outstanding shares. However, this should not be deemed to
constitute an admission that all such persons are, in fact, non-affiliates of
the Company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed to be
affiliates of the Company. For further information concerning ownership of our
securities by executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, see Item
12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.

As of March 13, 2003, we had 191 stockholders of record and approximately 1,629
beneficial owners of our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future and intend to retain all working capital and
earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the expansion of our
business. Any future determination with respect to the payment of dividends will
be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other
things, our results of operations, financial condition and capital requirements,
the terms of any then existing indebtedness, general business conditions, and
such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Certain of our
credit facilities prohibit or limit the payment of cash dividends without prior
bank approval.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

See the information contained under the heading "Equity Compensation Plan
Information" within Item 11 of this Form 10-K regarding shares authorized for
issuance under equity compensation plans approved by stockholders and not
approved by stockholders.

(b) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

                                       16

<PAGE>

ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information below was derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this report and in reports we have previously filed with the SEC.
This information should be read together with those financial statements and the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information regarding
this financial data, see the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations section also included in this report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Statement of Operations Data:                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        2002           2001              2000             1999          1998
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
                                                                          (In thousands, except share information)
<S>                                                <C>             <C>              <C>               <C>           <C>
Revenues:
    Car wash and detailing services                $      36,696   $      39,859    $      37,812     $    17,073   $     4,420
    Lube and other automotive services                     4,219           4,487            4,869           2,693             -
    Fuel and merchandise sales                             3,217           3,638            5,061           2,092           346
    Security product sales                                 2,471               -                -           3,435         2,404
    Operating agreements                                      80             240              261             463             -
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
                                                          46,683          48,224           48,003          25,756         7,170

Cost of revenues:
    Car wash and detailing services                       25,674          27,417           26,856          11,137         2,599
    Lube and other automotive services                     3,301           3,446            3,789           1,992             -
    Fuel and merchandise sales                             2,802           3,234            4,472           1,708           238
    Security product sales                                 1,429               -                -           1,818         1,230
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
                                                          33,206          34,097           35,117          16,655         4,067

Selling, general and administrative expenses               8,499           7,366            7,303           5,753         1,873
Depreciation and amortization                              1,953           2,813            2,467           1,096           715
Costs of terminated acquisitions                              57             135              580               -             -
Merger costs                                                   -               -                -           1,875             -
Restructuring, asset impairment and change in
 control charges                                           1,165               -              138           1,519             -
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------

Operating income (loss)                                    1,803           3,813            2,398          (1,142)          515

Interest expense, net                                     (2,219)         (2,885)          (3,013)         (1,033)         (285)
Other income                                                 327             514              408             205           284
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
(Loss) income from continuing operations before
 income taxes                                                (89)          1,442             (207)         (1,970)          514

Income tax (benefit) expense                                 (32)            534              (66)           (619)            4
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
(Loss) income from continuing operations                     (57)            908             (141)         (1,351)          510

Discontinued Operations:
    (Loss) gain from discontinued operations,
       net of applicable income taxes                          -               -             (265)             91          (737)
    Gain on disposal of ICS, net of applicable
       income tax expense                                      -               -              724               -             -
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------

(Loss) income before cumulative effect of
    change in accounting principle                          (57)            908              318          (1,260)         (227)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle, net of tax benefit of $2,188               (5,733)              -                -               -             -
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
Net (loss) income                                  $      (5,790)  $         908    $         318     $    (1,260)  $      (227)
                                                   =============   =============    =============     ===========   ===========

Basic (loss) income per share
    From continuing operations                     $           -   $        0.07    $       (0.01)    $     (0.20)  $      0.12
    From discontinued operations                               -               -             0.04            0.01         (0.17)
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
    (Loss) income before cumulative effect of
      change in accounting principle                           -            0.07             0.03           (0.19)        (0.05)
    Cumulative effect of change in accounting
      principle                                            (0.46)              -                -               -             -
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
    Net (loss) income                              $       (0.46)  $        0.07    $        0.03     $     (0.19)  $     (0.05)
                                                   =============   =============    =============     ===========   ===========
Weighted average number of shares outstanding         12,630,964      12,724,282       12,238,421       6,579,577     4,170,873
                                                   =============   =============    =============     ===========   ===========

Diluted (loss) income per share
    From continuing operations                     $           -   $        0.07    $       (0.01)    $     (0.20)  $      0.12
    From discontinued operations                               -               -             0.04            0.01         (0.17)
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
    (Loss) income before cumulative effect of
      change in accounting principle                           -            0.07             0.03           (0.19)        (0.05)
    Cumulative effect of change in accounting
      principle                                            (0.46)              -                -               -             -
                                                   -------------   -------------    -------------     -----------   -----------
    Net (loss) income                              $       (0.46)  $        0.07    $        0.03     $     (0.19)  $     (0.05)
                                                   =============   =============    =============     ===========   ===========
Weighted average number of shares outstanding         12,630,964      12,742,122       12,238,421       6,579,577     4,182,053
                                                   =============   =============    =============     ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

                                       17

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             2002           2001          2000          1999           1998
                                                         ------------    ----------    -----------    ----------    -----------
                                                                                      (In thousands)
  <S>                                                    <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
  Balance Sheet Data (at end of period):
  Working capital (deficit)                               $  (2,210)     $   4,809     $  (1,003)     $  (1,403)    $   5,761
  Intangible assets, net                                  $  14,389      $  21,132     $  22,024      $  21,752     $   1,021
  Total assets                                            $  96,288      $ 104,670     $ 106,131      $  98,115     $  15,926
  Long-term debt, including current maturities            $  33,312      $  34,349     $  36,685      $  32,784     $   5,158
  Stockholders' equity                                    $  57,669      $  63,856     $  62,877      $  56,568     $   9,316
</TABLE>

ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
          CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion reviews our operations for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2002, and should be read in conjunction with our
Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
herein.

The following discussion includes Forward Looking Statements. The accuracy of
such statements depends upon a variety of factors that may affect our business
and operations. Certain of these factors are discussed under Description of
Business -- Factors Influencing Future Results and Accuracy of Forward-Looking
Statements included in Item 1 of this report.

Summary of Critical Accounting Policies

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
are based upon the Company's consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of
assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Company's financial
statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.

Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of
significant judgments and uncertainties, and potentially result in materially
different results under different assumptions and conditions. The Company's
critical accounting policies are described below.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue from the Company's Car Care segment is recognized, net of customer
coupon discounts, when services are rendered or fuel or merchandise is sold. The
Company records a liability for gift certificates and ticket books sold at its
car care locations but not yet redeemed. The Company estimates these unredeemed
amounts based on gift certificates and ticket book sales and redemptions
throughout the year as well as utilizing historical sales and redemption rates.

Revenue from the Company's Security Products Segment is recognized when
shipments are made, or for export sales when title has passed.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
the first-in first-out (FIFO) method for security and car care products.
Inventories at the Company's Car Care locations consist of various chemicals and
cleaning supplies used in operations and merchandise and fuel for resale to
consumers. Inventories within the Company's Security Products segment consist of
defense sprays, child safety products, electronic security monitors, cameras and
digital recorders, and various other consumer security and safety products.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used and assets to be disposed of when events and circumstances
warrant such a review. We evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets for
potential impairment on a reporting unit basis using undiscounted

                                       18

<PAGE>

after-tax estimated cash flows or on an individual asset basis if the asset is
held for sale. See Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
information regarding impairment charges incurred in respect to one full service
car wash site in our Texas region and two in our Arizona region.

Goodwill

Prior to 2002, goodwill was amortized on a straight line basis over 25 years.

On January 1, 2002, the Company adopted SFAS 142, and as required, discontinued
amortization of goodwill acquired prior to July 1, 2001. Additionally, SFAS 142
required that, within six months of adoption, the first phase of the goodwill
transitional impairment testing be completed at the reporting unit level as of
the date of adoption. SFAS 142 requires that any goodwill impairment loss
recognized as a result of initial application be reported in the first interim
period of adoption as a change in accounting principle and that the income per
share effects of the accounting change be separately disclosed. The transitional
impairment testing was completed during the third quarter of 2002 and as of
January 1, 2002 (See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

In accordance with SFAS 142, the Company also completed a 2002 annual impairment
test as of November 30, 2002, and will be subject to impairment test each year
thereafter and whenever there is an impairment indicator. Significant estimates
and assumptions are used in assessing the fair value of the reporting units and
determining impairment to goodwill (See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements). The Company cannot guarantee that there will not be
impairments in subsequent years.

Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets consist primarily of deferred financing costs,
trademarks, and establishing a registered national brand name. Prior to 2002,
our trademarks and brand name were amortized on a straight line basis over 15
years. In accordance with SFAS 142, our trademarks and brand name are considered
to have indefinite lives, and as such, are no longer subject to amortization.
These assets will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an
impairment indicator. Deferred financing costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the terms of the respective debt instruments. Customer lists and
non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
respective estimated useful lives.

Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes are determined based on the difference between the
financial accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income
tax expense (benefit) represents the change during the period in the deferred
income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities. Deferred tax assets
include tax loss and credit carryforwards and are reduced by a valuation
allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Introduction

Revenues

     Car Care Services

We own full service, exterior only and self-service car wash operations in New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Texas, Florida and Arizona, as well as truck
washes in Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Texas. We earn revenues from washing and
detailing automobiles; performing oil and lubrication services, minor auto
repairs, and state inspections; selling fuel; and selling merchandise through
convenience stores within the car wash facilities. Revenues generated for 2002
for the car care segment were comprised of approximately 83% car wash and
detailing, 10% lube and other automotive services, and 7% fuel and merchandise.

The majority of revenues are collected in the form of cash or credit card
receipts, thus minimizing customer accounts receivable.

Weather can have and has had a significant impact on volume at the individual
locations. We believe that the geographic diversity of our operating locations
mitigates the risk of adverse weather-related influence on our volume.

                                       19

<PAGE>

     Security Products

During 2000, 2001, and for the first four months of 2002, the Company was paid
$20,000 per month under a Management Agreement pursuant to which Mark Sport, an
entity controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company, operated the
Security Products Segment. Effective May 1, 2002, the Management Agreement
expired and the Company recommenced operation of the Security Products Segment.
Prior to the acquisition of Micro-Tech, the Company operated its Security
Products Segment solely as the Consumer Products Division. The Company's
Consumer Products operations manufacture and market personal safety, and home
and auto security products which are sold through retail stores, major discount
stores, domestic and international distributors, and at the Company's car care
facilities.

With the acquisition on August 12, 2002 of certain of the assets and operations
of Micro-Tech, a manufacturer and retailer of electronic security and
surveillance devices, the Company added an additional division to its Security
Products Segment. The Company has added security cameras, closed-circuit
monitors, digital video recording devices and related electronic security
components to its line of well-known personal security products. The Company is
purchasing these items for resale from OEM manufacturers.

Cost of Revenues

     Car Care Services

Cost of revenues consists primarily of direct labor and related taxes and
benefits, chemicals, wash and detailing supplies, rent, real estate taxes,
utilities, car damages, maintenance and repairs of equipment and facilities, as
well as the cost of the fuel and merchandise sold.

     Security Products

During 2000, 2001, and for the first four months of 2002, the Security Products
Segment was operated under a Management Agreement by Mark Sport. Accordingly,
during that time, no costs were incurred by the Company. Beginning in May of
2002, cost of revenues consists primarily of costs to manufacture the security
products including direct labor and related taxes and benefits, and raw material
costs. It is anticipated that the new electronic surveillance device business
unit acquired during the current year will incur costs related to product
returns and warranties and customer support, but those were insignificant during
the current year.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of management,
clerical and administrative salaries, professional services, insurance premiums,
sales commissions, and other costs relating to marketing and sales.

We capitalize direct incremental costs associated with purchase acquisitions.
Indirect acquisition costs, such as executive salaries, corporate overhead,
public relations, and other corporate services and overhead are expensed as
incurred.

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization consists primarily of depreciation of buildings
and equipment, and amortization of certain intangible assets. Buildings and
equipment are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets using
the straight line method. Intangible assets, other than goodwill or intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives, are amortized over their useful lives
ranging from three to 15 years, using the straight-line method. In 2000 and
2001, goodwill was amortized using the straight-line method over 25 years. With
the adoption of SFAS 142 on January 1, 2002, we no longer amortize goodwill and
certain intangible assets, namely trademarks and service marks, determined to
have indefinite useful lives, thereby eliminating approximately $900,000 in
annual amortization expense.

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

Our policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized expenditures
relating to proposed acquisitions that in our current opinion will not be
consummated. At December 31, 2002, there were no costs related directly to
proposed acquisitions that were

                                       20

<PAGE>

not yet consummated. We periodically review the future likelihood of these
acquisitions and record appropriate provisions against capitalized costs
associated with projects that are not likely to be completed.

Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used and assets to be disposed of for possible impairment when
events and circumstances warrant such a review. During the year ended December
31, 2002, we wrote down assets determined to be imparied by approximately $1.2
million. The asset write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites
in Texas and two full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that
due to poor demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of
these sites, their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover
their respective carrying values. We are marketing these sites for sale and have
written down these assets to their estimated fair market values based on
expected proceeds upon sale.

In 2000, we wrote down the value of our Berlin, New Jersey facility by $138,000
to reflect the sales price of those assets in January 2001.

Other Income

Other income consists largely of rental income received on renting out excess
space at our car wash facilities along with gains and losses on the sale of
property and equipment.

Income Taxes

Income tax (benefit) expense reflects the recording of income taxes on (loss)
income before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle at effective
rates of 36%, 37% and 32% for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2002, the income tax benefit
related to the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle was recorded
at an effective tax rate of 36% for the impairments in the Arizona and truck
wash reporting units. No income tax benefit was recorded for the Northeast
Region reporting unit's impairment due to the non-deductibility of the goodwill.
The effective rate differs from the federal statutory rate for each year
primarily due to state and local income taxes, non-deductible costs related to
intangibles, fixed asset adjustments and changes to the valuation allowance.

                                       21

<PAGE>

Results of Operations for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December
31, 2002

The following table presents the percentage each item in the consolidated
statements of operations bears to total revenues:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                                 2002           2001          2000
                                                                              ----------     ----------    ----------
<S>                                                                           <C>            <C>           <C>
Revenues                                                                           100.0%         100.0%        100.0%
Cost of revenues                                                                    71.1           70.7          73.2
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                        18.2           15.3          15.2
Depreciation and amortization                                                        4.2            5.8           5.1
Costs of terminated acquisitions                                                     0.1            0.3           1.2
Asset impairment charges                                                             2.5              -           0.3
                                                                              ----------     ----------    ----------
Operating income                                                                     3.9            7.9           5.0
Interest expense, net                                                               (4.8)          (6.0)         (6.3)
Other income                                                                         0.7            1.1           0.9
                                                                              ----------     ----------    ----------
(Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes                        (0.2)           3.0          (0.4)
Income tax (benefit) expense                                                        (0.1)           1.1          (0.1)
                                                                              ----------     ----------    ----------
(Loss) income from continuing operations                                            (0.1)           1.9          (0.3)
Discontinued operations                                                                -              -           1.0
                                                                              ----------     ----------    ----------
(Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle            (0.1)           1.9           0.7
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax benefit            (12.3)             -             -
                                                                              ----------     ----------    ----------
Net (loss) income                                                                  (12.4)%          1.9%          0.7%
                                                                              ==========     ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

Revenues

   Car Care Services

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002 were $44.1 million as compared to
$48.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2001, a decrease of $3.9 million
or 8.1%. Of the $44.1 million of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002,
$36.7 million or 83% was generated from car wash and detailing, $4.2 million or
10% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.2 million or 7% from fuel
and merchandise sales. Of the $48.0 million of revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2001, $39.9 million or 83% was generated from car wash and
detailing, $4.5 million or 9% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.6
million or 8% from fuel and merchandise sales. The decrease in wash and
detailing revenues was principally due to the divesting of two of our car wash
locations during 2001 combined with a departure from our historic revenue levels
within our Northeast region due to the unusual lack of snow and pollen in the
first six months of 2002 and increased rainfall in the quarter ending December
31, 2002. The Company also experienced more challenging weather within its Texas
region for the quarters ended September 30 and December 31, 2002. Overall car
wash volume declined 8.4% in 2002 from 2001. In addition to these declines in
volume, the Company experienced a slight reduction in average wash and detailing
revenues per car to $13.89 in 2002, from $13.90 per car in 2001. Despite
management's continued aggressive focus on selling detailing and additional
on-line car wash services, more aggressive coupon and discount promotions to
encourage volume reduced the average revenue per car. As to the decline in
revenues from lube and other automotive services, we discontinued the practice
of providing a free wash to lube customers, resulting in decreased lube revenues
but benefitting our overall site gross margin performance. The decline in fuel
and merchandise revenues is the result of instituting certain minimum gross
margin criteria which reduced fuel sales and the sale of certain low margin
merchandise.

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2001 were $48.0 million as compared to
$47.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, an increase of $0.2 million
or 0.4%. Of the $48.0 million of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2001,
$39.9 million or 83% was generated from car wash and detailing, $4.5 million or
9% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.6

                                       22

<PAGE>

million or 8% from fuel and merchandise sales. Of the $47.8 million of revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2000, $37.8 million or 79% was generated from
car wash and detailing, $4.9 million or 10% from lube and other automotive
services, and $5.1 million or 11% from fuel and merchandise sales. The net
increase in total revenue in 2001 is attributable to a full year of revenue
earned at two car washes and five truck washes we acquired during 2000; internal
growth through a continued aggressive focus on selling detailing and additional
on-line car wash services which increased the average wash and detailing revenue
per car by 8.1% or $1.04 to $13.90 in 2001, from $12.86 per car in 2000. This
increase was offset partially by a reduction in wash volumes due to the
divestiture of two car wash sites during 2001, a temporary decrease in car wash
volume in all of our regions due to the terrorist attacks against the United
States on September 11, 2001, and slightly more rain and cloud days in certain
of our operating regions in 2001. In 2001, approximately 44% of our operating
days within our markets were rainy or cloudy as compared to 43% in 2000.
Additionally, we experienced an approximate $1.8 million or 18% decline in lube
services, fuel and merchandise sales. We discontinued the practice of providing
a free wash to lube customers resulting in decreased lube revenues but improved
overall site gross margin performance. The decline in fuel and merchandise gross
revenues is the result of instituting certain minimum sale margin criteria which
reduced gross fuel sales and the sale of certain low margin merchandise.

During a portion of 2000, we managed several car wash locations under operating
agreements, under which we were entitled to all profits generated from the
operation of those locations. The income earned under the agreements is shown as
revenue net of related operating expenses. Gross revenue generated by the
locations under operating agreements for 2000 was $857,000. No locations were
operated under operating agreements during 2002 or 2001.

   Security Products

Pursuant to a Management Agreement, we earned $80,000, $240,000 and $220,000 in
2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. These amounts are included under revenues
from operating agreements. Effective May 1, 2002, the Company recommenced
operation of the Security Products Segment. Revenues for 2002 for the Consumer
Products Division were approximately $2.1 million. Additionally, in August 2002,
the Company purchased the inventory and certain assets and operations of
Micro-Tech, an electronic surveillance and security device business. Revenues
for this business unit were approximately $373,000 in 2002.

Cost of Revenues

   Car Care Services

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002 were $31.8 million or 72%
of revenues with car washing and detailing costs at 70% of respective revenues,
lube and other automotive services costs at 78% of respective revenues, and fuel
and merchandise costs at 87% of respective revenues. Cost of revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2001 were $34.1 million, or 71% of revenues with car
wash and detailing costs at 69% of respective revenues, lube and other
automotive services costs at 77% of respective revenues, and fuel and
merchandise costs at 89% of respective revenues.

With only a slight decrease in average wash and detailing revenues per car in
2002 and our continued emphasis on controlling direct labor and other operating
costs such as wash and detailing chemicals and supplies, car damages, uniform
expense, and repairs and maintenance costs, we experienced only a one percentage
point reduction in wash and detailing gross margins in 2002 despite the 8%
volume decline previously noted. We also experienced a slight increase in our
direct wash and detailing labor costs as a percent of car wash and detail
revenues to 48% in 2002 as compared to 47% in 2001 as a result of the volume
decline.

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2001 were $34.1 million or 71%
of revenues with car washing and detailing costs at 69% of respective revenues,
lube and other automotive services costs at 77% of respective revenues, and fuel
and merchandise costs at 89% of respective revenues. Cost of revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2000 were $35.1 million, or 73% of revenues with car
wash and detailing costs at 71% of respective revenues, lube and other
automotive services costs at 78% of respective revenues, and fuel and
merchandise costs at 88% of respective revenues.

With our increase in average wash and detailing revenues per car of $1.04 or
8.1% in 2001 and our continued emphasis on controlling direct labor and other
operating costs, we achieved improved wash and detailing gross margins in 2001.
Additionally, the overall gross profit margin improved in 2001 as compared to
2000 as a result of less fuel, merchandise and lube sales, which carry higher
costs as a percentage of revenues compared to wash and detail sales.

                                       23

<PAGE>

   Security Products

During 2000, 2001 and for the first four months of 2002, pursuant to a
Management Agreement, no costs were incurred by us. Cost of revenues were $1.4
million or 58% of revenues for the period during 2002 that we operated this
segment.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31,
2002 were $8.5 million compared to $7.4 million for the same period in 2001, an
increase of approximately $1.1 million or 15%. SG&A costs as a percent of
revenues were 18.2% for 2002 as compared to 15.3% in 2001. The increase in SG&A
costs is primarily the result of recommencing operation of the Security Products
Segment in May 2002, which along with the acquisition of Micro-Tech added a
combined $1.0 million of SG&A costs in 2002. We also experienced an increase in
certain credit card and bank charges and a significant increase in insurance
costs. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in administrative
salaries and certain office costs.

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31,
2001 were $7.4 million compared to $7.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2000, an increase of $0.1 million, or 0.9%. Most of this increase is a result of
SG&A costs incurred at the six additional locations acquired during 2000 and
three sites transitioned from operating agreements to being owned. The remainder
of the increase is primarily the result of increases in advertising, insurance
costs and business taxes. This increase was partially offset by a reduction of
administrative costs as a result of efficiencies gained through consolidating
all of our regional back office activity into the Mt. Laurel, New Jersey
corporate office.

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization totaled $2.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2002 as compared to $2.8 million for 2001. This decrease is primarily
attributable to the adoption of SFAS 142 on January 1, 2002, under which the
Company no longer amortizes goodwill and other intangible assets determined to
have indefinite useful lives. This decrease of approximately $900,000 in
amortization costs is partially offset by increased depreciation expense as a
result of recent property and equipment purchases and recommencing operation of
the Security Products Segment in May 2002.

Depreciation and amortization totaled $2.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2001 as compared to $2.5 million for the same period in 2000, an increase of
14%. This increase is primarily the result of a full year of depreciation and
amortization in 2001 on assets acquired through acquisitions during 2000.

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

Our policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized expenditures
relating to proposed acquisitions that in our current opinion will not be
consummated. During 2002 and 2001, the costs of previously capitalized
expenditures related to proposed acquisitions totaled approximately $57,000 and
$135,000, respectively. These costs, which principally related to several
possible acquisitions we pursued outside the car wash industry, are primarily
related to due diligence costs. In 2000, costs of previously capitalized
expenditures principally related to the termination of the Planet Truck Wash
acquisition and acquisition related expenses associated with the proposed Wash
Depot Holdings, Inc. ("Wash Depot") merger. We terminated the Wash Depot Merger
Agreement on September 30, 2000, as a result of certain conditions precedent to
closing not being satisfied by Wash Depot. Of the $580,000 in costs of
terminated acquisitions in 2000, approximately $209,000 represented
unrecoverable cash and stock deposits and approximately $371,000 represented
external incremental transaction costs including legal, accounting, consulting
and due diligence costs.

Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used and assets to be disposed of for possible impairment when
events and circumstances warrant such a review. During the year ended December
31, 2002, we wrote down assets determined to be imparied by approximately $1.2
million. The asset write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites
in Texas and two full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that
due to poor demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of
these sites, their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover
their respective carrying values. We are marketing these sites for sale and have
written down these assets to their estimated fair market values based on
expected proceeds upon sale.

                                       24

<PAGE>

In 2000, we wrote down the value of our Berlin, New Jersey facility by $138,000
to reflect the sales price of those assets in January 2001.

Interest Expense, Net

Interest expense, net of interest income, for the year ended December 31, 2002,
was $2.2 million compared to $2.9 million for 2001. This decrease in our
interest expense is the result of a decrease in interest rates on approximately
50% of our long term debt which has interest rates tied to the prime rate and a
reduction in our outstanding debt as a result of normal principal payments.

Interest expense, net of interest income, for the year ended December 31, 2001,
was $2.9 million compared to $3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.
This is the result of additional interest expense on borrowings relating to
several acquisitions in the year ended December 31, 2000, and additional working
capital borrowings through a refinancing in the last quarter of 2000. This
increase was offset by a decrease in interest rates on approximately 50% of our
long term debt which has interest rates tied to the prime rate.

Other Income

Other income for 2002 was $327,000 compared to $514,000 for 2001. The primary
reason for the decrease is that the 2001 figure includes a $216,000 gain on the
sale of a car wash facility in August of 2001.

Other income for the year ended December 31, 2001 was $514,000 compared to
$408,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000, an increase of $106,000. This
increase was primarily due to a pre-tax gain of approximately $216,000 on the
sale of our facility in Morrisville, Pennsylvania in 2001, offset partially by a
reduction in certain rental income in 2001.

Income Taxes

We recorded income tax (benefit) expense from continuing operations of
$(32,000), $534,000, and $(66,000) for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001
and 2000, respectively. Income tax (benefit) expense reflects the recording of
income taxes on (loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
principle at effective rates of 36%, 37% and 32% for the years ended December
31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. We recorded an income tax benefit related
to the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle of approximately
$2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2002. The income tax benefit
reflects an effective rate of 36% for the impairment in the Arizona and truck
wash reporting units. No income tax benefit was recorded for the Northeast
Region reporting unit impairment due to the non-deductibility of the goodwill.
The effective rate differs from the federal statutory rate for each year
primarily due to state and local income taxes, non-deductible costs related to
intangibles, fixed asset adjustments and changes to the valuation allowance.

At December 31, 2002, we had approximately $15.5 million of net operating loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes. Components of the net operating
loss carryforwards include $14.3 million from continuing operations and $1.2
million from acquired net operating losses attributable to the Colonial Full
Service Car Wash, Inc. acquisition.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Liquidity

Cash and cash equivalents were $6.2 million at December 31, 2002. The ratio of
our total debt to total capitalization, which consists of total debt plus
stockholders' equity, was 37% at December 31, 2002, 35% at December 31, 2001,
and 37% at December 31, 2000.

Our business requires a substantial amount of capital, most notably to pursue
our expansion strategies, including our current expansion in the electronic
surveillance products business, and for equipment purchases and upgrades for our
car care segment. We plan to meet these capital needs from various financing
sources, including borrowings, internally generated funds, and the issuance of
common stock if the market price of the Company's stock improves.

As of December 31, 2002, we had negative working capital of approximately $2.2
million. At December 31, 2001, working capital was $4.8 million and cash and
cash equivalents were $6.6 million. The change in working capital at December
31, 2002 is primarily attributable to the reclassification of approximately $6.4
million of 15 year amortizing loans from long term to current

                                       25

<PAGE>

liabilities as a result of these loans being due in July 2003 and November 2003.
The Company intends to renew these loans with the current lender. Although the
Company has been successful in renewing similar loans with the current lender in
the past, including the renewal of two loans in February 2003 totaling $4.7
million for a five year period, there can be no assurance that our lender will
continue to provide us with renewals or with renewals at favorable terms.

We estimate aggregate capital expenditures for our car care segment, exclusive
of acquisitions of businesses, of approximately $500,000 for the year ending
December 31, 2003. In October 2002, we purchased a building as a warehouse,
production and administrative facility for our new electronic surveillance
products operations. We financed a portion of the $505,000 purchase price of
this building with a long term mortgage of approximately $400,000. In addition
to the purchase of the electronic surveillance products business and facility,
we will also expend significant cash for the purchasing of inventory as we
introduce new electronic surveillance products and for improvements to the new
building. We estimate we will spend approximately $1 million for our initial
inventory of electronic surveillance products through the first quarter ending
March 31, 2003 and approximately $100,000 for capital improvements to the
recently purchased building through the second quarter ending June 30, 2003.

   Debt Capitalization and Other Financing Arrangements

At December 31, 2002, we had borrowings of approximately $33.3 million. We had
three letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2002, totaling $525,000 as
collateral relating to workers' compensation insurance policies. Additionally,
we had four commercial letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2002
totaling $552,000 for the purchase of inventory for our new electronic
surveillance products business. We maintain a revolving credit facility to
provide financing for additional electronic surveillance product inventory
purchases.

During 2000 and 2001, we refinanced on a long term basis under favorable terms
the majority of our short term debt related to our 1999 and 2000 acquisitions.
We also had various other long term mortgage notes up for periodic review during
2001 which we have been successful in renewing. Several of our debt agreements,
as amended, contain certain affirmative and negative covenants and require the
maintenance of certain levels of tangible net worth and the maintenance of
certain debt coverage ratios on an individual subsidiary and consolidated level.
At December 31, 2002, we were not in compliance with our consolidated debt
coverage ratios related to our Bank One, Texas, N.A. ("Bank One") term notes,
our GMAC notes payable and our Wachovia Bank N.A. ("Wachovia") note payable. At
December 31, 2002, we were also not in compliance with a debt coverage ratio
requirement related to certain Bank One notes payable with our subsidiary,
Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc. ("Colonial"). With respect to the GMAC
notes payable and the Bank One notes payable related to Colonial, the Company
has received waivers of acceleration of the notes as of December 31, 2002 and
through January 1, 2004. Additionally, the Company has entered into amendments
to the Bank One term loan agreements and a modification agreement to the
Wachovia note payable. The Company is currently in compliance with the covenants
as amended. The amended debt coverage ratio with Bank One requires the Company
to maintain a consolidated Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and
Amortization ("EBITDA") to debt service ("the debt coverage ratio") of 1.2 to 1
at December 31, 2002, and at December 31, 2003 and thereafter, and a 1.1 to 1
ratio for the twelve month periods ending March 31, 2003, June 30, 2003 and
September 30, 2003. As of March 17, 2003, the preliminary operating results for
the quarter ended March 31, 2003 through this date indicate that we should meet
the required debt coverage ratio as of March 31, 2003; however, we cannot
provide assurance that favorable operating trends will continue through March
31, 2003. If we default on the Bank One covenants, the Company will need to
obtain a further amendment or waiver from Bank One. If the Company is unable to
obtain a waiver or amendment, Bank One debt totaling $8,424,000 currently
recorded as long-term debt at December 31, 2002 would become due on demand.

The Company's ongoing ability to comply with its debt covenants under its credit
arrangements and refinance its debt depends largely on the achievement of
adequate levels of cash flow. Our cash flow has been and can continue to be
adversely affected by weather patterns and the economic climate. In the event
that non-compliance with the debt covenants should reoccur, the Company would
pursue various alternatives to successfully resolve the non-compliance, which
might include, among other things, seeking additional debt covenant waivers or
amendments, or refinancing of debt with other financial institutions. Although
the Company believes that it will be successful in resolving potential
non-compliance with its debt covenants, or refinancing its current debt, there
can be no assurance that further debt covenant waivers or amendments will be
attained or that the debt will be refinanced with other financial institutions
at favorable terms.

The Company is obligated under various operating leases, primarily for certain
equipment and real estate within the car care segment. Certain of these leases
contain purchase options, renewal provisions, and contingent rentals for
proportionate share of taxes, utilities, insurance, and annual cost of living
increases. Future minimum lease payments under operating leases with initial

                                       26

<PAGE>

or remaining noncancellable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31,
2002 are as follows: 2003 - $1.5 million; 2004 - $1.5 million; 2005 - $1.1
million; 2006 - $759,000; 2007 - $665,000; and thereafter - $2.4 million.

The following are summaries of our contractual obligations and other commercial
commitments at December 31, 2002 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Payments Due By Period
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   2004 -           2006 -
Contractual Obligations                          Total            2003             2005             2007          Thereafter
                                             ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
<S>                                          <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Long-term debt, including capital leases     $     33,312     $      8,812     $      6,806     $      3,475     $     14,219

Minimum operating lease payments                    7,906            1,502            2,576            1,425            2,403
                                             ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
                                             $     41,218     $     10,314     $      9,382     $      4,900     $     16,622
                                             ============     ============     ============     ============     ============
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Amounts Expiring Per Period
                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   2004 -           2006 -
Other Commercial Commitments                     Total            2003             2005             2007          Thereafter
                                             ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
<S>                                          <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Line of Credit                               $        500     $        500(1)  $          -     $          -     $          -

Standby Letters of Credit                           1,077            1,077                -                -                -
                                             ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
                                             $      1,577     $      1,577     $          -     $          -     $          -
                                             ============     ============     ============     ============     ============
</TABLE>

   (1)  There were no borrowings outstanding under the Company's line of credit
        at December 31, 2002.

On April 5, 2000, we executed a master facility agreement with Fusion Capital
Fund II, LLC ("Fusion") pursuant to which Fusion agreed to enter into up to two
equity purchase agreements, each with an aggregate principal amount of $12.0
million. The master facility agreement expired on February 20, 2003. The first
equity purchase agreement was executed by Fusion on April 17, 2000. Proceeds
from purchased shares through December 31, 2001 totaled approximately $1.3
million. There were no purchased shares in 2002.

   Cash Flows

Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $3.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2002. Cash provided by operating
activities in 2002 was impacted by a mild winter and a spring with low pollen in
our Northeast operating region, and unusually high precipitation throughout the
majority of the year, especially in our Texas and East operating regions.

Investing Activities. Cash used in investing activities totaled $1.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2002. The use of cash in 2002 reflects $682,000 for
capital expenditures relating to ongoing car care operations, $171,000 for
ongoing security products operations and $217,000 expended for the acquisition
of our new Electronic Surveillance Products business in August 2002.

Financing Activities. Cash used in financing activities was $2.7 million for the
year ended December 31, 2002. This reflects routine principal payments on debt
of $2.2 million and $422,000 for the purchase and retirement of shares of our
common stock.

Seasonality and Inflation

The Company believes that its car washing and detailing operations are adversely
affected by extended periods of inclement weather. In particular, long periods
of rain and cloudy weather adversely affect our car wash volumes and related
lube and other automotive services as people typically do not wash their cars
during such periods. Additionally, extended periods of warm, dry weather may
encourage customers to wash their cars themselves which also can adversely
affect our car wash business. The Company has mitigated the risk of unfavorable
weather patterns by having operations in diverse regions.

The Company believes that inflation and changing prices have not had, and are
not expected to have any material adverse effect on its results of operations in
the near future.

                                       27

<PAGE>

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

We are not materially exposed to market risks arising from fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices or equity prices.

Interest Rate Exposure

A significant portion of our debt is at fixed rates, and as such, changes in
market interest rates would not significantly impact operating results unless
and until such debt would need to be refinanced at maturity. All of our variable
rate debt obligations are tied to the prime rate, as is our incremental
borrowing rate. Therefore, a one percent increase in the prime rate would not
have a material effect on the fair value of our variable rate debt at December
31, 2002.

ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The reports of independent certified public accountants and Consolidated
Financial Statements are included in Part III, ITEM 14. of this Report beginning
on page F-1.

ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
          ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

In January 2000, we selected the international accounting firm of Grant Thornton
LLP to serve as our new independent accountants for the audit of the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 1999. The
appointment of Grant Thornton LLP as continuing auditors for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002 were approved by our Board of Directors and
ratified by our Stockholders at the Company's Annual Meetings.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           Name                         Age     Position
                           ----                         ---     --------
   <S>                                                  <C>     <C>
   Louis D. Paolino, Jr. ............................   46      Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
   Robert M. Kramer .................................   50      Director, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President,
                                                                General Counsel and Secretary
   Gregory M. Krzemien ..............................   43      Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
   Ronald R. Pirollo ................................   44      Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller
   Jon E. Goodrich ..................................   57      Director, General Manager of Consumer Products Division
   Matthew J. Paolino ...............................   38      Director, Vice President
   Mark S. Alsentzer ................................   47      Director
   Richard B. Muir ..................................   47      Director
   Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D. ..................   57      Director
</TABLE>

All of the Mace's directors serve for terms of one year each until their
successors are elected and qualified.

Louis D. Paolino, Jr. has served as the Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 1999. From June 1996 through
December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. Prior thereto, he was
President of Soil Remediation of Philadelphia, Inc., a company engaged in the
business of treating contaminated soil. From September 1993 to June 1996, Mr.
Paolino served as a Vice President of USA Waste Services, Inc. From November
1995 to January 1996, Mr. Paolino served on the Board of Directors of Metal
Management, Inc., formerly known as General Parametrics Corp., a publicly traded
company. Mr. Paolino received a B.S. in Civil Engineering from Drexel
University. Mr. Paolino is 46 years old.

Robert M. Kramer has served as a director of the Company, and as Executive Vice
President, General Counsel, and Secretary of the Company since May 1999, and as
Chief Operating Officer since July 2000. From June 1996 through December 1998,
he served as General Counsel, Executive Vice President and Secretary of Eastern
Environmental Services, Inc. Mr. Kramer is an attorney and has practiced law
since 1979 with various firms, including Blank Rome Comisky & McCauley,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Arent Fox Kitner Poltkin & Kahn, Washington, D.C.
From 1989 to December 2000, Mr. Kramer had been the

                                       28

<PAGE>

sole partner of Robert M. Kramer & Associates, P.C., a law firm which consisted
of three lawyers. From December 1989 to December 1997, Mr. Kramer served on the
Board of Directors of American Capital Corporation, a registered securities
broker dealer. Mr. Kramer received B.S. and J.D. degrees from Temple University
Law School. Mr. Kramer is 50 years old.

Gregory M. Krzemien has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of
the Company since May 1999. From August 1992 through December 1998, he served as
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc.
From October 1988 to August 1992, Mr. Krzemien was a senior audit manager with
Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Krzemien received a B.S. degree in Accounting from the
Pennsylvania State University and is a certified public accountant. Mr. Krzemien
is 43 years old.

Ronald R. Pirollo has served as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate
Controller of the Company since May 1999. Mr. Pirollo served as Vice President
and Corporate Controller of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. from July 1997
to June 1999. Prior thereto, Mr. Pirollo was with Envirite Corporation for ten
years, where he served in various financial management positions including Vice
President - Finance. Mr. Pirollo received a B.S. degree in Accounting and an MBA
from Villanova University. Mr. Pirollo is 44 years old.

Jon E. Goodrich has served as a director of the Company since November 1993 and
as General Manager of Mace's Consumer Products Division since May 2002. From
January 2000 through the present, Mr. Goodrich has been President and owner of
Mark Sport, Inc. (a security product company), Vermont Mill Properties (a real
estate company), and Vermont Mill Plastics (a manufacturing company). From June
1987 through June 1995 and from January 1996 through March 1997, Mr. Goodrich
was the Chairman of the Board of the Company. From June 1987 through January
1996 and from March 1997 through May 1999, Mr. Goodrich was President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company. From November 1985 through January 1997, Mr.
Goodrich was Vice President of Gould & Goodrich Leather, Inc. (a leather
products manufacturer). From November 1985 through January 1997, Mr. Goodrich
was President of G&G Realty, Inc. (a real estate management company). Mr.
Goodrich is 57 years old.

Matthew J. Paolino has served as a director and as a Vice President of the
Company since May 1999. From 1996 to December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as a
director of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. as well as Vice President of
Risk Management, Asset Management and Special Waste Divisions of Eastern
Environmental Services, Inc. From 1993 to 1996, Mr. Paolino served as Vice
President and General Manager - Soil Remediation Division of USA Waste Services,
Inc., which was acquired by Eastern in August 1997. Mr. Paolino received a B.S.
degree in Civil Engineering from Villanova University in 1986 and a J.D. degree
from the Widener School of Law in 1994. Mr. Paolino is the brother of Louis D.
Paolino, Jr., the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. Mr. Paolino is 38 years old.

Mark S. Alsentzer has served as a director of the Company since December 1999.
From December 1996 through the present, Mr. Alsentzer has been President and
Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Plastic Lumber Corporation (a plastic and lumber
and recycling company). From 1992 to December 1996, Mr. Alsentzer served as Vice
President of Republic Environmental Systems, Inc. (an environmental services
company). Mr. Alsentzer also serves as Director, and since January 4, 2000, as
Chairman of the Board, of U.S. Plastic Lumber Corporation. Mr. Alsentzer is 47
years old.

Richard B. Muir has served as a director of the Company since December 1999.
From 1998 through the present, Mr. Muir has been Vice Chairman of Price Legacy
Corporation (a real estate investment trust), and President of its subsidiaries,
Excel Legacy Corporation and Excel Legacy Holdings, Inc. (real estate
development companies). From 1989 through May 1999, Mr. Muir was Executive Vice
President and Secretary of New Plan Excel Realty Trust, Inc. (a real estate
development company). Mr. Muir also serves as a director of Price Legacy
Corporation, Excel Interfinancial Corporation and Warner Beck, Inc. (a
securities broker/dealer firm). Mr. Muir is 47 years old.

Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D. has served as a director of the Company since
May 1999. From 1995 through the present, Dr. Papadakis has been President of
Drexel University. From 1986 through 1995, Dr. Papadakis was Dean of the College
of Engineering, Geier Professor of Engineering Education and Professor of Civil
Engineering at the University of Cincinnati. Dr. Papadakis also serves on the
board of directors of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. Dr. Papadakis is 57 years
old.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Mace's directors and executive
officers, as well as persons beneficially owning more than 10% of Mace's
outstanding shares of common stock and certain other holders of such shares
(collectively, "Covered Persons"), to file with the Commission and the NASDAQ
Stock Market (the "NASDAQ"), within specified time periods, initial reports of
ownership, and subsequent reports of changes in ownership, of common stock and
other equity securities of Mace.

                                       29

<PAGE>

Based upon Mace's review of copies of such reports furnished to it and upon
representations of Covered Persons that no other reports were required, to
Mace's knowledge, all of the Section 16(a) filings required to be made by the
Covered Persons with respect to 2002 were made on a timely basis.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The following table provides summary information concerning cash and certain
other compensation paid or accrued by Mace to or on behalf of Mace's Chief
Executive Officer and each of the other most highly compensated executive
officers of Mace whose compensation exceeded $100,000 (the "Named Executive
Officers") for the three years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

                          SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE(1)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Long-Term
                                                          Annual Compensation    Compensation
                                                          -------------------    ------------
                                                                                    Awards
                                                                                    ------
                                         Fiscal Years                             Securities
     NAME AND                               ended                                 Underlying
     PRINCIPAL POSITIONS                 December 31    Salary ($)   Bonus ($)    Options (#)
     -------------------                 -----------    ----------   ---------    -----------
     <S>                                 <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>
     Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                   2002        $320,000          --       87,500
        President, Chief Executive           2001        $320,000          --           --
        Officer and Chairman of the          2000        $320,001          --        5,000
        Board
     Robert M. Kramer                        2002        $151,202          --       37,500
        Executive Vice President,            2001        $137,500          --       50,000
        General Counsel and Secretary        2000        $125,000          --        5,000
     Gregory M. Krzemien                     2002        $131,596          --       37,500
        Chief Financial Officer and          2001        $121,000          --       50,000
        Treasurer                            2000        $110,001          --           --
     Ronald R. Pirollo                       2002        $117,615          --       15,000
        Chief Accounting Officer             2001        $112,500          --       30,000
         and Controller                      2000        $ 91,845     $10,000        5,000
</TABLE>

(1)  The columns captioned "Annual Compensation - Other Annual Compensation,"
     "Long-Term Compensation - Restricted Stock Awards," "LTIP Payouts," and
     "All Other Compensation" have been omitted because, in the first case, none
     of the Named Officers received other annual compensation exceeding either
     $50,000 or 10% of such officer's total annual salary and bonus and, in the
     other cases, because the Company (i) made no restricted stock awards, (ii)
     maintained no long-term incentive plan, and (iii) paid no other
     compensation to the Named Officers, in each case during the three fiscal
     years ended December 31, 2002. Additionally, the Company has not issued any
     stock appreciation rights (SARs) in any of the past three years.

Director Compensation

Mace does not pay fees to directors, but pays non-employee directors reasonable
travel and out-of-pocket expenses relating to their attendance at meetings.

On October 18, 2000, Mace granted options to purchase 10,000 shares of Mace
common stock at $2.563 per share to each of Mace's outside directors, Richard B.
Muir, Mark S. Alsentzer and Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D., for their service
on the Board of Directors during 2000. Additionally, on October 18, 2000, Mace
granted options to purchase 5,000 shares of Mace common stock at $2.563 per
share to each of Mace's directors, Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Robert M. Kramer,
Matthew J. Paolino, Jon E. Goodrich, Richard B. Muir, Mark S. Alsentzer and
Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D., for agreeing to serve on the Board of Directors
for 2001. Additionally, on April 4, 2002, Mace's outside directors, Richard B.
Muir, Mark S. Alsentzer and Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D., were each granted
options to purchase 12,500 shares of Mace common stock at $2.36 per share for
their service on the Board of Directors in 2002.

                                       30

<PAGE>

Equity Compensation Plan Information

Stock options are issued periodically to employees at an exercise price of no
less than the then current market price of the Common Stock and generally expire
ten years from the date of grant. Allocation of available options and vesting
schedules are at the discretion of the Compensation Committee and are determined
by potential contribution to, or impact upon, the overall performance of the
Company by the executives and employees. Stock options are also issued
periodically to members of the Board of Directors. These options may have
similar terms as those issued to officers or may vest immediately. The purpose
of the Stock Option Plan, which has been approved by the stockholders of the
Company, is to provide a means of performance-based compensation in order to
provide incentive for the Company's employees. Warrants have been issued in
connection with the purchase and sale of certain businesses and to a director.
The terms of the warrants have been established by the Board of Directors of the
Company. Certain of the warrants have been approved by stockholders.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company's Stock
Option Plan and warrants as of December 31, 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     (c)
                                                                                             Number of securities
                                               (a)                         (b)             remaining available for
                                       Number of securities        Weighted average          future issuance under
                                        to be issued upon         exercise price of          equity compensation
                                           exercise of               outstanding               plans (excluding
                                       outstanding options,       options, warrants         securities reflected in
Plan Category                           warrants and rights           and rights                 column (a))
- ----------------------------------     ----------------------    --------------------     --------------------------
<S>                                    <C>                       <C>                      <C>
Equity compensation plans
approved by stockholders                           1,938,266                   $4.78                      6,267,987

Equity compensation plans not
approved by stockholders                             274,550                   $9.11                            N/A
</TABLE>

Option and Warrant Grants in Last Fiscal Year

The following table sets forth certain information concerning individual grants
of stock options to the Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2002.

                      OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR (1)
                               (Individual Grants)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     % of Total                                   Potential Realizable Value
                                    Number of          Options                                     at Assumed Rates of Stock
                                    Securities       Granted to                                     Price Appreciation for
                                    Underlying        Employees       Exercise                            Option Term
                                     Options          in Fiscal      Price Per     Expiration     ---------------------------
      Name                          Granted (2)       Year (1)         Share          Date              5%          10%
      ----                          -----------      ----------        -----          ----              --          ---
      <S>                          <C>              <C>              <C>           <C>               <C>          <C>
      Louis D. Paolino, Jr.           87,500            31.3%          $2.36         4/4/12          $129,867     $329,108

      Gregory M. Krzemien             37,500            13.4%          $2.36         4/4/12          $ 55,650     $141,038

      Robert M. Kramer                37,500            13.4%          $2.36         4/4/12          $ 55,650     $141,038

      Ronald R. Pirollo               15,000             5.4%          $2.36         4/4/12          $ 22,260     $ 56,415
</TABLE>

- ---------------------------

(1)   The Company granted options and warrants to employees to purchase a total
      of 279,500 shares of common stock during the fiscal year ended December
      31, 2002. All of these grants were made at fair market value.
(2)   Options vest at the rate of 1/3 at date of grant and 1/3 on each annual
      anniversary date from date of grant.

                                       31

<PAGE>

Aggregated Option and Warrant Exercises in Last Fiscal Year

The following table sets forth certain information regarding stock options held
by the Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002,
including the number and value of exercisable and unexercisable stock options as
of December 31, 2002. No options were exercised by any of the Named Executive
Officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002. In-the-money options
are those for which the fair market value of the underlying securities exceeds
the exercise price of the option. The closing transaction price of the Company's
common stock on December 31, 2002 was $2.09 per share.

   AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR AND YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Number of Securities                       Value of Unexercised
                                          Underlying Unexercised Options                       In-the-money
                                              at Fiscal Year End 2002                     Options/SARs at Year End
                                       --------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
      Name                             Exercisable              Unexercisable        Exercisable          Unexercisable
      ----                             -----------              -------------        -----------          -------------
      <S>                              <C>                      <C>                  <C>                  <C>
      Louis D. Paolino, Jr.              34,167                    58,333              $     -               $    -
      Gregory M. Krzemien               112,500                    37,500              $26,813               $8,938
      Robert M. Kramer                  129,420                    63,080              $26,813               $8,938
      Ronald R. Pirollo                  54,375                    20,625              $16,088               $5,363
</TABLE>

Employment Agreements

Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Employment Agreement

Mace currently employs Louis D. Paolino, Jr., as its President and Chief
Executive Officer under a four-year employment agreement dated May 24, 1999. The
principal terms of the employment agreement include: annual salary of $350,000;
provision of certain medical and other employee benefits; prohibition against
competing with Mace during employment and for a three month period following a
termination of employment; and a $7,000,000 payment in the event that Mr.
Paolino's employment is terminated for any reason, except for death or
disability.

Other Executive Employment Agreements

Mace currently employs Robert M. Kramer, Gregory M. Krzemien and Ronald R.
Pirollo under four-year employment agreements dated March 26, 1999, expiring on
March 26, 2003. Each employment agreement provides for annual salary, certain
employee benefits, and a prohibition against competing with Mace during
employment and for a three month period following a termination of employment.
In addition, Mace granted to each of these executive officers options to
purchase shares of Mace common stock at $5.375 per share that vest over a period
of four years, except in the event of a change of control or employment
termination without cause, in which case such options vest immediately. The
table below discloses the current salary and initial option grants for these
executive officers.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Current                Initial
         Name                       Office                              Annual Salary           Option Grant
         ----                       ------                              -------------           ------------
         <S>                        <C>                                 <C>                      <C>
         Robert M. Kramer           Chief Operating Officer, Executive       $156,250             100,000
                                    Vice President, General Counsel,
                                    and Secretary

         Gregory M. Krzemien        Chief Financial Officer                  $135,500              62,500
                                    and Treasurer

         Ronald R. Pirollo          Chief Accounting Officer                 $118,500              25,000
                                    and Controller
</TABLE>

                                       32

<PAGE>

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Beneficial Ownership

The following beneficial ownership table sets forth information as of January
31, 2003, regarding beneficial ownership of shares of Mace common stock by the
following persons:

..     each person who is known to Mace to own beneficially more than 5% of the
      outstanding shares of Mace common stock, based upon Mace's records or the
      records of the Securities and Exchange Commission;
..     each director of Mace;
..     each Named Executive Officer; and
..     all directors and executive officers of Mace as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, to Mace's knowledge, all persons listed on the
beneficial ownership table below have sole voting and investment power with
respect to their shares of Mace common stock. Shares of Mace common stock
subject to options or warrants exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2003,
are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
the person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for
computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name and Address of                        Amount and Nature of                Percentage of
Beneficial Owner                           Beneficial Ownership           Common Stock Owned (1)
- ----------------                           --------------------           ----------------------
<S>                                        <C>                            <C>
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                               3,264,682  (2)                      25.1%
   1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400
    Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054

Excel Legacy Holdings, Inc.                         1,906,250  (3)                      15.3
    16955 Via Del Campo
    San Diego, CA 92127

Mark S. Alsentzer                                     552,500  (4)                       4.4

Jon E. Goodrich                                       430,524  (5)                       3.5

Matthew J. Paolino                                    269,354  (6)                       2.2

Robert M. Kramer                                      274,824  (7)                       2.2

Gregory M. Krzemien                                   150,250  (8)                       1.2

Ronald R. Pirollo                                      70,000  (9)                         *

Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.                        47,500 (10)                         *

Richard B. Muir                                        29,000 (11)                         *

All current directors and executive                 5,088,634 (12)                      37.4
officers as a group (9 persons)
</TABLE>

- -----------------------------------

* Less than 1% of the outstanding shares of Mace common stock.

(1)   Percentage calculation is based on 12,407,655 shares outstanding on
      January 31, 2003.
(2)   Includes (i) warrants to acquire 568,182 shares, (ii) options to purchase
      34,167 shares, and (iii) 581,375 shares for which Louis D. Paolino, Jr.,
      has been granted irrevocable proxies to vote such shares. See "Irrevocable
      Proxies Granted to Louis D. Paolino, Jr." below.
(3)   Includes (i) 1,750,000 shares and (ii) warrants to purchase 31,250 shares,
      all held by Millennia Car Wash LLC, a limited liability company wholly
      owned by Excel Legacy Holdings, Inc.
(4)   Includes (i) warrants to purchase 25,000 shares and (ii) options to
      purchase 27,500 shares.
(5)   Includes (i) options to purchase 5,000 shares and (ii) 7,750 shares held
      by Jon Goodrich's wife. Jon Goodrich disclaims beneficial ownership of the
      shares owned by his wife.
(6)   Includes options to purchase 67,500 shares.

                                       33

<PAGE>

(7)   Includes (i) warrants to acquire 37,500 shares and (ii) options to
      purchase 167,500 shares.
(8)   Includes options to purchase 125,000 shares.
(9)   Includes options to purchase 65,000 shares.
(10)  Represents options to purchase 47,500 shares.
(11)  Includes options to purchase 27,500 shares.
(12)  See Notes 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 above.

Irrevocable Proxies Granted to Louis D. Paolino, Jr.

The following stockholders have granted to Louis D. Paolino, Jr., irrevocable
proxies for the sole power to vote, but not to dispose of, the 581,375 aggregate
shares of Mace common stock owned by such stockholders until the expiration date
of such proxies:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          Stockholder                                           Shares    Expiration Date of Proxies
          -----------                                           ------    --------------------------
          <S>                                                   <C>       <C>
          D. Nagelberg & B. Nagelberg, Trustees of
            Nagelberg family trust                              290,687             10-05-03

          Joyce Heller                                          118,000             10-05-03

          Ronald I. Heller IRA                                  172,688             10-05-03
                                                                -------

                                                                581,375
                                                                =======
</TABLE>

Equity Compensation Plan Information

See the information contained under the heading "Equity Compensation Plan
Information" within Item 11 of this Form 10-K regarding shares authorized for
issuance under equity compensation plans approved by stockholders and not
approved by stockholders.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

In August 1999, Mace entered into a month-to-month lease arrangement with
Bluepointe, Inc., a corporation controlled by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Mace's
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, for Mace's executive offices in
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey. The leased offices are in a 41,000 square foot class "B"
office building. The lease arrangement provided for monthly rental payments of
$10,000. This monthly lease payment was considered to be more favorable than
could be obtained on the open market for similar facilities. Effective August 1,
2000, after a survey of local real estate market pricing and upon the approval
of the Audit Committee, Mace entered into a five year lease with Bluepointe,
Inc. which provides for an initial monthly rental payment of $15,962, which
increases by 5% per year in the third through fifth years of the lease. Mace
believes that the terms of this lease (based on an annual rate of $19.00 per
square foot ) are competitive when compared to similar facilities in the Mt.
Laurel, New Jersey area. Mace has also entered into a three-year furniture
lease/purchase agreement with Bluepointe, Inc., dated January 1, 2001, which
provided for an initial payment of $20,000 and monthly rental payments
thereafter of $4,513, for the use of the furnishings in Mace's executive
offices. The rental rates were based upon a third-party valuation of the
furnishings, and Mace believes that the terms of the furniture lease are
competitive with similar leasing arrangements available in the local area.

The Company purchased charter airline services from Air Eastern, Inc., and LP
Learjets, LLC, charter airline companies owned by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the
Company's Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. The Company paid
$29,000, $60,000 and $84,000 in fiscal 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, for
such services.

In 2001, $15,000 was paid to Aeroways, Inc., a chartered air service company not
affiliated with Louis D. Paolino, Jr., for the direct costs of flying the
Learjet 31A owned by LP Learjets, LLC. The Company believes that the rates
charged are competitive when compared with similar services provided by
independent airline charter companies.

On November 6, 2001, the Audit Committee approved an arrangement subject to
quarterly review under which the Company prepays LP Learjets, LLC $5,109 per
month for the right to use a Learjet 31A for 100 hours per year. Additionally,
when the Learjet 31A is used, the Company pays to third parties unaffiliated
with Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the direct costs of the Learjet's per-hour use,
which include fuel, pilot fees, engine insurance and landing fees. As of July
2002, the Company is no longer prepaying LP Learjets, LLC for the future right
to use the Learjet 31A.

                                       34

<PAGE>

In February 2000, the Company entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, Inc. ("Mark Sport"), a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich,
a director of the Company. The Management Agreement entitled Mark Sport to
operate the Company's Security Products Segment and receive all profits or
losses for a seven-month term beginning January 1, 2000. The Management
Agreement was extended several times through amendments. The Management
Agreement required Mark Sport to pay the Company $20,000 per month beginning
February 2000 and continuing through April 30, 2002, the extended term of the
Management Agreement. Additionally, Mark Sport paid the Company an amount equal
to the amortization and depreciation on the assets of the division. During the
term of the Management Agreement, Mark Sport operated the segment in
substantially the same manner as it was operated prior to the Management
Agreement. On February 21, 2002, Mark Sport and the Company amended the
Management Agreement. The amendment extended the term of the Management
Agreement through April 30, 2002, and reconciled the amount owed by Mark Sport
to the Company under the Management Agreement from February 2000 through
December 31, 2001. Mark Sport and the Company agreed in the amendment that Mark
Sport, as of December 31, 2001, owed the Company $127,000, resulting in a
resolution of certain disputes and a reduction of the amounts owed by Mark Sport
of approximately $92,000. The Management Agreement expired on April 30, 2002 and
was further amended on July 22, 2002 to reconcile the amount owed by Mark Sport
to Mace under the Management Agreement for the period January 1, 2002 through
April 30, 2002. Mark Sport and Mace agreed in their final amendment that Mark
Sport owed the Company $100,000 for this period, resulting in a resolution of
certain disputes and a reduction of the amounts recorded by the Company as owed
by Mark Sport of approximately $39,000. At December 31, 2002, Mark Sport owed
the Company $127,000.

The Company's Consumer Products Division leases manufacturing and office space
under a five-year lease with Vermont Mill, Inc. ("Vermont Mill"), which provides
for monthly lease payments of $9,167 through November 2004. Vermont Mill is
controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company. The Company believes
that the lease rate is lower than lease rates charged for similar properties in
the Bennington, Vermont area. On July 22, 2002, the lease was further amended to
provide Mace the option and right to cancel the lease with proper notice and a
payment equal to six months of the then current rent for the leased space
occupied by Mace.

Vermont Mill borrowed a total of $228,671 from the Company through December 31,
2001. On February 22, 2002, Vermont Mill executed a three year promissory note
with monthly installments of $7,061 including interest at a rate of 7%. The
Company's Lease Agreement with Vermont Mill provides for a right of offset of
lease payments against this promissory note in the event monthly payments are
not made by Vermont Mill. At December 31, 2002, the balance owed on this
promissory note was $177,000.

ITEM 14.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The CEO and CFO Certifications required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) follow the Signatures section
of this Annual Report. This Controls and Procedures section of the Annual Report
includes the information concerning the Controls Evaluation referred to in the
Certifications and it should be read in conjunction with the Certifications for
a more complete understanding of the topics presented.

At the beginning of the third quarter of 2002, in response to recent legislation
and additional requirements, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control structure and disclosure controls and procedures was conducted
under the supervision of, and reviewed by, the Company's Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer. As a result of such review, we implemented changes,
primarily to formalize and document the procedures already in place. We have
designed our disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information related to the Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to our disclosure committee, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer on a regular basis, in particular during the period
in which periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are being
prepared. As required, we will evaluate the effectiveness of these disclosure
controls and procedures on a quarterly basis, and did so on January 17, 2003, a
date within 90 days prior to the filing of this annual report. We believe as of
that date, such controls and procedures were operating effectively and as
designed. Refer to the certifications by the Company's Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer following the signature page of this report.

We presented the results of our most recent evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Based
on such evaluation, the Company's management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company's disclosure
controls and procedures are adequate to insure the clarity and material
completeness of the Company's disclosure in its periodic reports required to be
filed with the SEC and there are no significant deficiencies in the design or
operation of internal controls which could significantly affect our ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial data.

                                       35

<PAGE>

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) (1)  Consolidated Financial Statements:
         Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants
         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2002 and 2001
         Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
         2002, 2001 and 2000
         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
         December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
         2002, 2001 and 2000
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(a)(2)   The requirements of Schedule II have been included in the Notes to
         Consolidated Financial Statements. All other schedules for which
         provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the
         Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related
         instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore, have been omitted.

(a)(3)   Exhibits:

         The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report (exhibits
         marked with an asterisk have been previously filed with the Commission
         and are incorporated herein by this reference):

          (a)    Exhibits:

     *3.1        Certificate of Incorporation of Mace Security International,
                 Inc. (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Report on Form 10-QSB for
                 the quarter ended June 30, 1999 (the "June 30, 1999 Form
                 10-QSB"))
     *3.2        Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
                 Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 3.2 to the June 30,
                 1999 Form 10-QSB)
     *3.3        Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mace Security International,
                 Inc. (Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Report on Form 10-KSB for
                 the year ended December 31, 1999 (the "1999 Form 10-KSB"))
     *3.4        Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Mace
                 Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 3.4 to the 1999 Form
                 10-KSB)
     *3.5        Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of
                 Incorporation of Mace Security International, Inc.
      3.6        Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of
                 Incorporation of Mace Security International, Inc.
     *10.3       1993 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (1)
     *10.22      Trademarks(1)
     *10.28      Warrants in connection with the acquisition of the assets of
                 the KinderGard Corporation(2) *10.34 Real Estate Purchase
                 Agreement between Vermont Economic Development Authority and
                 Mace Security International, Inc.(2)
     *10.66      Employment Agreement between the Company and Jon E. Goodrich
                 effective as of September 1, 1998 (3)
     *10.67      Employment Agreement between the Company and Mark A. Capone
                 effective as of September 17, 1998 (3)
     *10.68      Settlement Agreement between the Company and MSP Retail, Inc.
                 dated December 2, 1998
     *10.69      Merger Agreement between Louis D. Paolino, Red Mountain
                 Holding, Ltd. and Mace Security International, Inc. dated as of
                 March 26, 1999 +
     *10.70      Stock purchase Agreement, between Louis Paolino, Jr. and Mace
                 Security International, Inc. dated as of March 26, 1999
     *10.71      Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc.
                 and Robert M. Kramer dated March 26, 1999 (3)
     *10.72      Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc.
                 and Gregory M. Krzemien dated March 26, 1999 (3)
     *10.73      Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement between Louis D. Paolino,
                 Red Mountain Holding, Ltd. and Mace Security International,
                 Inc. dated April 13, 1999
     *10.74      Amendment No. 1 to Stock purchase Agreement, between Louis
                 Paolino, Jr. and Mace Security International, Inc. dated April
                 13, 1999
     *10.75      Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of February 4, 1999, by and
                 between Gary Higgins, Rosario Higgins, Rosa Maria Dietrich,
                 Rainer Dietrich, Amy Schmadeke, Elisa Rauch and Gunter Rauch
                 and American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's
                 Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 17, 1999 (the "May 17,
                 1999 Form 8-K")) +

                                       36

<PAGE>

     *10.76      Amendment Number One to Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 1,
                 1999, between Gary Higgins, Rosario Higgins, Rosa Maria
                 Dietrich, Rainer Dietrich, Amy Schmadeke, Elisa Rauch, Gunter
                 Rauch and Steven Sims and American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit
                 2.2 to the May 17, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.77      Assignment dated May 17, 1999 between Mace Security
                 International, Inc., Mace Anti Crime Bureau, Inc., and American
                 Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.3 to the May 17, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.78      Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated July 8, 1998
                 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car Care Center,
                 Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc., and Cornett Limited
                 Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group LLC. (Exhibit 2.1 to
                 the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 18, 1999
                 (the "May 18, 1999 Form 8-K")) +
     *10.79      First Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 effective July 8, 1998 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin,
                 Genie Car Care Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc.,
                 and Cornett Limited Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group
                 LLC (Exhibit 2.2 to the May 18, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.80      Second Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 effective April 29, 1999 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin,
                 Genie Car Care Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc.,
                 and Cornett Limited Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group
                 LLC. (Exhibit 2.3 to the May 18, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.81      Third Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 effective May 17, 1999 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin,
                 Genie Car Care Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc.,
                 and Cornett Limited Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group
                 LLC. (Exhibit 2.4 to the May 18, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.82      Fourth Amendment to Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 effective May 18, 1999 between Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin,
                 Genie Car Care Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc.,
                 and Cornett Limited Partnership and Millennia Car Wash Group
                 LLC. (Exhibit 2.5 to the May 18, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.83      Promissory Note in the amount of $4,750,000 by Mace Car
                 Wash-Arizona, Inc., dated May 18, 1999, payable to Mike W.
                 Cornett as collecting agent for Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin,
                 Genie Car Care Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc. and
                 Cornett Limited Partnership. (Exhibit 2.6 to the May 18, 1999
                 Form 8-K)
     *10.84      Security Agreement dated May 18, 1999 between Mace Car
                 Wash-Arizona, Inc. and Genie Car Wash Inc. of Austin, Genie Car
                 Care Center, Inc., Genie Car Service Center, Inc. and Cornet
                 Limited Partnership. (Exhibit 2.7 to the May 18, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.85      Agreement of Sale dated as of April 22, 1999 by and among Gabe
                 Kirikian and Alice Kirikian, Gabe's Plaza Car Wash, Inc. and
                 Red Mountain Holdings, Ltd. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's
                 Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 1, 1999 (the "June 1,
                 1999 Form 8-K")) +
     *10.86      First Amendment to Agreement of Sale dated as of May 10, 1999
                 by and among Gabe Kirikian and Alice Kirikian, Gabe's Plaza Car
                 Wash, Inc. and Red Mountain Holdings, Ltd. (Exhibit 2.2 to the
                 June 1, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.87      Assignment dated May 17, 1999 between Mace Security
                 International, Inc. and Red Mountain Holdings, Inc. (Exhibit
                 2.3 to the June 1, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.88      Agreement of Sale dated as of April 23, 1999 by and among
                 American Wash Services, Inc. and Mario DeBerardinis and
                 Jennifer DeBerardinis. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current
                 Report on Form 8-K dated June 22, 1999 (the "June 22, 1999 Form
                 8-K")) +
     *10.89      Assignment dated June 15, 1999 between Mace Security
                 International, Inc. and American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit
                 2.2 to the June 22, 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.90      Merger Agreement dated as of March 26, 1999 between Louis D.
                 Paolino, Jr. and Red Mountain Holding, Ltd. on the one hand,
                 and Mace Security International, Inc. on the other hand.
                 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                 July 1, 1999 (the " July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K")) +
     *10.91      Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement dated as of April 13,
                 1999. (Exhibit 2.2 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
     *10.92      Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement dated as of May 24,
                 1999. (Exhibit 2.3 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
     *10.93      The Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of March 26, 1999 between
                 Louis D. Paolino, Jr. and Mace Security International, Inc.
                 (Exhibit 2.4 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K) +
     *10.94      Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of
                 April 13, 1999. (Exhibit 2.5 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
     *10.95      Amendment No. 2 to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May
                 24, 1999 (Exhibit 2.6 to the July 1, 1999 AWS Form 8-K)
     *10.96      The Real Estate and Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of March
                 8, 1999, among Stephen B. Properties, Inc., Stephen Bulboff,
                 and American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's
                 Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 1, 1999 (the " July 1,
                 1999 Form 8-K")) +

                                       37

<PAGE>

     *10.97      Lease Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated July 1, 1999
                 among Mace Wash, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mace
                 Security International, Inc., Stephen B. Properties, Inc.,
                 Stephen Bulboff and American Wash Services, Inc. (Exhibit 2.2
                 to the July 1, 1999)
     *10.98      Mace Security International, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan (3)
     *10.99      Operating Agreement between Millennia Car Wash, LLC, Excel
                 Legacy Corporation and G II Ventures, LLC and Mace Car Wash,
                 Inc.
     *10.100     Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc.
                 and Louis D. Paolino, Jr.(3)
     *10.101     Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc.
                 and Michael Fazio(3)
     *10.102     Stock Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreement dated June 23, 1999
                 among Mace Security International, Inc. and the Environmental
                 Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and Environmental Opportunities
                 Fund II (Institutional), L.P.
     *10.103     Stock Purchase Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of
                 June 1, 1999, by and between Kevin Detrick, Brian Bath, Michael
                 Ruiz, and Francis Janoski on the one hand, and Mace Security
                 International, Inc. on the other hand. (Exhibit 2.1 to the
                 Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 9, 1999) +
     *10.104     Stock Exchange Agreement dated as of August 13, 1999, by and
                 between Joe Crawford, Ron Clark, Robert Duggan, Jr., and First
                 National Bank of Abilene, as Trustee of the Wayne V. Ramsey,
                 Jr., and Mira Marie Ramsey Family Trust No. 2 on the one hand,
                 and Mace Security International, Inc. on the other hand.
                 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                 August 25, 1999) +
     *10.105     Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as of May 11,
                 1999, between The Manus Group, Inc. and Mace Car Wash, Inc.
                 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                 August 24, 1999) +
     *10.106     Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as of August 26,
                 1998, between Quaker Car Wash, Inc. and Millennia Car Wash,
                 LLC. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
                 dated September 9, 1999 (the "September 9, 1999 Form 8-K")) +
     *10.107     Amendment one of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of November 23, 1998. (Exhibit 2.2 to the September 9,
                 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.108     Amendment two of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of January 6, 1999. (Exhibit 2.3 to the September 9,
                 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.109     Amendment three of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of February 26, 1999. (Exhibit 2.4 to the September 9,
                 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.110     Amendment four of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of April 7, 1999. (Exhibit 2.5 to the September 9,
                 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.111     Amendment five of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of May 10, 1999. (Exhibit 2.6 to the September 9, 1999
                 Form 8-K)
     *10.112     Amendment six of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of June 25, 1999. (Exhibit 2.7 to the September 9,
                 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.113     Amendment seven of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of August 13, 1999. (Exhibit 2.8 to the September 9,
                 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.114     Amendment eight of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of August 27, 1999. (Exhibit 2.9 to the September 9,
                 1999 Form 8-K)
     *10.115     Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of June 21, 1999, by and
                 between Ken H. Bachman, as Trustee under the Kenneth H. Bachman
                 Revocable Trust under agreement dated September 12, 1994,
                 Claudia Bachman, as Trustee under the Claudia Bachman Revocable
                 Trust under agreement dated September 12, 1994, Carolyn
                 Schmidt, Daniel Warmbier, and Diane Warmbier on the one hand,
                 and Mace Security International, Inc. on the other hand.
                 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                 September 9, 1999) +
     *10.116     Stock Purchase Agreement and Sale Agreement dated September 8,
                 1999 among Mace Security International, Inc. and Park Equity
                 Partners
     *10.117     Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement dated as of April 20,
                 1999, between White Glove Partnership and Mace Wash, Inc., a
                 wholly owned subsidiary of Mace Security International, Inc.
                 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                 October 18, 1999) +
     *10.118     Amendment one of the Car Wash Asset Purchase/Sale Agreement
                 dated as of April 20, 1999 (Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's
                 Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 18, 1999)
     *10.119     Real Estate and Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 30, 1999,
                 by and among Millennia Car Wash, LLC, Excel Legacy Corporation
                 and G II Ventures, LLC, and Mace Security International, Inc.
                 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                 October 29, 1999) +
     *10.120     Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 1999 by and among
                 Millennia Car Wash, LLC, Excel Legacy Corporation and G II
                 Ventures, LLC, and Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit
                 2.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October
                 29, 1999) +
     *10.121     Closing letter to Real Estate and Asset Purchase Agreement
                 dated March 30, 1999 as amended. (Exhibit 2.3 to the Company's
                 Form 8-K dated October 29, 1999)

                                       38

<PAGE>

     *10.122     Agreement of Sale dated as of August 31, 1999, by and among
                 Cherry Hill Car Wash, Inc., 1505 Associates General
                 Partnership, Henry Gorenstein and Joan Rambler, and Mace Car
                 Wash, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Mace Security
                 International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K
                 dated December 29, 1999) +
     *10.123     Loan Agreement and Promissory Note dated February 17, 2000,
                 between the Company, its subsidiary Mace Car Wash - Arizona,
                 Inc. and Bank One, Texas, NA
     *10.124     Business Loan Agreement dated January 31, 2000, between the
                 Company, its subsidiary - Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.,
                 and Bank One, Texas, N.A.; Promissory Note dated February 2,
                 2000 between the same parties as above in the amount of
                 $400,000 (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation
                 S-B, two additional Promissory Notes, which are substantially
                 identical in all material respects except as to the amount of
                 the Promissory Notes) are not being filed in the amount of:
                 $19,643.97 and $6,482; and a Modification Agreement dated as of
                 January 31, 2000 between the same parties as above in the
                 amount of $110,801.55 (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601 of
                 Regulation S-B, Modification Agreements, which are
                 substantially identical in all material respects except to the
                 amount of the Modification Agreement) are not being filed in
                 the amounts of: $39,617.29, $1,947,884.87, $853,745.73, and
                 $1,696,103.31.
     *10.125     Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of January 24, 2000, by and
                 among James Grandlich, Raymond Grandlich, and Arthur Grandlich,
                 residents of the state of Arizona, Red Baron Truck Washes, Inc.
                 and Mace Truck Wash, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Mace
                 Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's
                 Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 24, 2000).+
     *10.126     Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated March 8,
                 2000, by and among Wash Depot Holdings, Inc., Mace Security
                 International, Inc., and Mace Holdings, Inc., a wholly owned
                 subsidiary of Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 2.1 to
                 the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 27,
                 2000).+
     *10.127     Acknowledgment of Schedules and Clarification of Certain
                 Provisions of Merger Agreement dated April 27, 2000 (Exhibit
                 2.2 to the Company's Current Form on 8-K dated April 27, 2000).
     *10.128     Form of Equity Purchase Agreement to be issued by Mace to
                 Fusion Capital (included as Exhibit A to Master Facility
                 Agreement in Exhibit 10.1 of S-3) (Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's
                 Current Form on S-3 dated April 11, 2000).
     *10.129     Master Facility Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2000, between
                 Mace and Fusion Capital (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current
                 Form on S-3 dated April 11, 2000).
     *10.130     Loan Agreement and Promissory Note dated November 28, 2000,
                 between the Company, its subsidiary Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.
                 and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of $6,754,400.
     *10.131     Lease Agreement dated August 1, 2000 among Mace Security
                 International, Inc. and Bluepointe, Inc.
     *10.132     Amendment dated March 13, 2001, to Business Loan Agreement
                 between the Company, its subsidiary Colonial Full Service Car
                 Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction
                 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-B, two additional amendments
                 which are substantially identical in all material respects,
                 except as to the borrower being Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc. and
                 Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc., are not being filed).
     *10.133     Modification Agreement between the Company, its subsidiary -
                 Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A.
                 in the amount of $2,216,000 (pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item
                 601 of Regulation S-K, Modification Agreements, which are
                 substantially identical in all material respects except to
                 amount and extension date of the Modification Agreement are not
                 being filed in the original amounts of $984,000 (extended to
                 August 20, 2004) and $1,970,000 (extended to June 21, 2004)).
     *10.134     Term Note dated November 6, 2001, between the Company, its
                 subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank One,
                 Texas, N.A. in the amount of $380,000.
     *10.135     Amendment dated February 21, 2002 to Management Agreement
                 between the Company and Mark Sport, Inc. and original
                 Management Agreement dated February 1, 2000 to which the
                 amendment relates.
     *10.136     Amendment dated February 25, 2002 to Lease Agreement between
                 the Company and Vermont Mill Properties, Inc. and original
                 Lease Agreement dated November 15, 1999 to which the amendment
                 relates.
     *10.137     Promissory Note between the Company and Vermont Mill
                 Properties, Inc. dated February 22, 2002 in the amount of
                 $228,671.
     *10.138     Extension dated February 6, 2002 of Equity Purchase Agreement
                 between the Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC.
     *10.139     Term note dated April 30, 2002, between the Company, its
                 subsidiary, Mace Truck Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in
                 the amount of $342,000.
     *10.140     Master Lease Agreement dated June 10, 2002, between the
                 Company, its subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.,
                 and Banc One Leasing Corporation in the amount of $193,055.
     *10.141     Amendment dated July 22, 2002 to Management Agreement between
                 the Company and Mark Sport, Inc.
     *10.142     Amendment dated July 22, 2002 to Lease Agreement between the
                 Company and Vermont Mill Properties, Inc.

                                       39

<PAGE>

     *10.143     Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 12, 2002, by and
                 among Micro-Tech Manufacturing, Inc. and Moshe Luski on the one
                 hand, and Mace Security Products, Inc., a wholly owned
                 subsidiary of Mace Security International, Inc.
     *10.144     Lease Schedule and Addendum dated August 28, 2002 in the amount
                 of $39,434 to Master Lease Agreement dated June 10, 2002,
                 between the Company, its subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car
                 Wash, Inc., and Banc One Leasing Corporation.
      10.145     Promissory Note and Loan Agreement dated October 31, 2002
                 between the Company, its subsidiary, Mace Security Products,
                 Inc. and Wachovia Bank, N.A. in the amount of $480,000.
      10.146     Line of Credit Note and Credit Agreement dated December 15,
                 2002 between the Company, its subsidiary, Mace Security
                 Products, Inc. and Bank One Texas, N.A. in the amount of
                 $500,000.
      10.147     Amendment dated February 21, 2003 to Business Loan Agreement
                 between the Company, its subsidiary, Eager Beaver Car Wash,
                 Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction 2 to
                 Item 601 of Regulation S-K, two additional amendments which are
                 substantially identical in all material respects, except as to
                 the borrower being Mace Truck Wash, Inc. and Mace Security
                 Products, Inc., are not being filed).
      10.148     Note Modification Agreement dated February 21, 2003, between
                 the Company, its subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash,
                 Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of $348,100.
      10.149     Note Modification Agreement dated February 21, 2003, between
                 the Company, its subsidiary, Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc. and
                 Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of $4,281,578.
      10.150     Modification Agreement dated March 14, 2003, between the
                 Company, its subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc. and
                 Wachovia Bank, N.A.
      11         Statement Re: Computation of Per Share Earnings
      21         Subsidiaries of the Company
      23.1       Consent of Grant Thornton LLP
      24         Power of Attorney (included on signature page)

- -------------------
     *    Incorporated by reference
     +    Schedules and other attachments to the indicated exhibit have been
          omitted. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the
          Commission upon request a copy of any omitted schedules or
          attachments.

     (1)         Incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number
                 filed with the Company's registration statement on Form SB-2
                 (33-69270) that was declared effective on November 12, 1993.
     (2)         Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-QSB report
                 for the quarter ended 9/30/94 filed on November 14, 1994. It
                 should be noted that Exhibits 10.25 through 10.34 were
                 previously numbered 10.1 through 10.10 in that report.
     (3)         Indicates a management contract or compensation plan or
                 arrangement.

 (b) Current Reports on Form 8-K or 8-K/A:

     None.

                                       40

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

      MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.

      By: /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
          -------------------------
      Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
      Chairman of the Board,
      Chief Executive Officer,
      and President

DATED the 19/th/ day of March, 2003.

      KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned does hereby constitute
and appoint Louis D. Paolino, Jr. and Gregory M. Krzemien, or either of them
acting alone, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of
substitution and revocation for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities, to sign this Report on Form 10-K of Mace Security International,
Inc. and any and all amendments to the Report and to file the same with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done as fully to all intents and purposes as he
might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name                                                    Title                          Date
- ----                                                    -----                          ----
<S>                                            <C>                                    <C>
/s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                      Chairman of the Board,                 3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------        Chief Executive Officer,
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                          President and Director
                                               (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Robert M. Kramer                           Executive Vice President,              3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------        Chief Operating Officer,
Robert M. Kramer                               General Counsel, Secretary
                                               and Director

/s/ Gregory M. Krzemien                        Chief Financial Officer                3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------        and Treasurer (Principal
Gregory M. Krzemien                            Financial Officer)

/s/ Ronald R. Pirollo                          Chief Accounting Officer and           3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------        Corporate Controller (Principal
Ronald R. Pirollo                              Accounting Officer)

/s/ Matthew J. Paolino                         Director, Vice President               3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------
Matthew J. Paolino

/s/ Jon E. Goodrich                            Director                               3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------
Jon E. Goodrich

/s/ Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.            Director                               3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------
Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.

/s/ Mark S. Alsentzer                          Director                               3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------
Mark S. Alsentzer

/s/ Richard B. Muir                            Director                               3/19/03
- ---------------------------------------
Richard B. Muir
</TABLE>

                                       41

<PAGE>

                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
            PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, Louis D. Paolino, Jr., certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mace Security
 International, Inc.;

 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
 report;

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

 b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
 procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual
 report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

 c) presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
 the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the
 Evaluation Date;

 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
 committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent function):

 a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
 which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant's
 auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls;
 and

 6. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have indicated in this
 annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
 controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls
 subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective
 actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

 Date: March 19, 2003

 /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
     ---------------------
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
Chief Executive Officer and President


<PAGE>

                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
            PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, Gregory M. Krzemien, certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mace Security
 International, Inc.;

 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
 report;

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

 b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
 procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual
 report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

 c) presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
 the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the
 Evaluation Date;

 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
 committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent function):

 a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls
 which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant's
 auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls;
 and

 6. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have indicated in this
 annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
 controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls
 subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective
 actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

 Date: March 19, 2003

/s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
    -------------------
Gregory M. Krzemien
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer


<PAGE>

                        Mace Security International, Inc.
                        Consolidated Financial Statements
                  Years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, and 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Contents
<S>                                                                            <C>
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants .............................F-2

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
- -----------------------------------------

Consolidated Balance Sheets ....................................................F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations ..........................................F-5

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity ................................F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ..........................................F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .....................................F-8
</TABLE>

                                       F-1

<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

Shareholders and Board of Directors
Mace Security International, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mace Security
International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2002. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Mace Security
International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their consolidated cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2002 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, on January 1, 2002.

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 28, 2003, except for Note 9, as to which the date is March 14, 2003

                                       F-2

<PAGE>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                     (In thousands except share information)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               ASSETS                                          December 31,
                                                                      -------------------------
                                                                           2002          2001
                                                                      ------------   ----------
<S>                                                                  <C>            <C>
Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                        $     6,189    $   6,612

     Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
        accounts of $198 and $178 in 2002 and 2001, respectively              772        1,075

     Inventories                                                            2,675        2,275
     Deferred income taxes                                                    230          145
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                              1,968        2,218
                                                                      -----------    ---------
Total current assets                                                       11,834       12,325
Property and equipment:
     Land                                                                  31,804       32,592
     Buildings and leasehold improvements                                  35,470       36,315
     Machinery and equipment                                                9,485        8,776
     Furniture and fixtures                                                   444          431
                                                                      -----------    ---------
Total property and equipment                                               77,203       78,114
Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                  (9,082)      (7,204)
                                                                      -----------    ---------
Total property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation
     and amortization                                                      68,121       70,910

Goodwill                                                                   13,430       20,139
Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization
     of $1,415 and $1,384 in 2002 and 2001, respectively                      959          993
Deferred income taxes                                                       1,700            -
Other assets                                                                  244          303
                                                                      -----------    ---------
Total assets                                                          $    96,288    $ 104,670
                                                                      ===========    =========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                       F-3

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                 December 31,
                                                                           -------------------------------------
                                                                                 2002                 2001
                                                                           ----------------    -----------------
<S>                                                                        <C>                 <C>
Current liabilities:
   Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations         $          8,812    $           2,514
   Accounts payable                                                                   2,598                2,446
   Income taxes payable                                                                 210                  174
   Deferred revenue                                                                     380                  257
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                     2,044                2,125
                                                                           ----------------    -----------------
Total current liabilities                                                            14,044                7,516

Deferred income taxes                                                                     -                  638
Long-term debt, net of current portion                                               24,168               31,570
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion                                       332                  265
Other liabilities                                                                        75                  825

Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $.01 par value:
       Authorized shares - 10,000,000
       Issued and outstanding shares - none                                               -                    -
   Common stock, $.01 par value:
       Authorized shares - 100,000,000
       Issued and outstanding shares of 12,407,655 and 25,428,427
       (pre-reverse split) in 2002 and 2001, respectively                               124                  254

   Additional paid-in capital                                                        69,710               69,977
   Accumulated deficit                                                              (12,165)              (6,375)
                                                                           ----------------    -----------------
Total stockholders' equity                                                           57,669               63,856
                                                                           ----------------    -----------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                 $         96,288    $         104,670
                                                                           ================    =================
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                       F-4

<PAGE>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Operations

                    (In thousands, except share information)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                                                             2002           2001           2000
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
  <S>                                                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
   Revenues:
      Car wash and detailing services                                                    $     36,696   $     39,859   $     37,812
      Lube and other automotive services                                                        4,219          4,487          4,869
      Fuel and merchandise sales                                                                3,217          3,638          5,061
      Security product sales                                                                    2,471              -              -
      Operating agreements                                                                         80            240            261
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
                                                                                               46,683         48,224         48,003
   Cost of revenues:
      Car wash and detailing services                                                          25,674         27,417         26,856
      Lube and other automotive services                                                        3,301          3,446          3,789
      Fuel and merchandise sales                                                                2,802          3,234          4,472
      Security product sales                                                                    1,429              -              -
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
                                                                                               33,206         34,097         35,117

   Selling, general and administrative expenses                                                 8,499          7,366          7,303
   Depreciation and amortization                                                                1,953          2,813          2,467
   Costs of terminated acquisitions                                                                57            135            580
   Asset impairment charges                                                                     1,165              -            138
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------

   Operating income                                                                             1,803          3,813          2,398

   Interest expense, net                                                                       (2,219)        (2,885)        (3,013)
   Other income                                                                                   327            514            408
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
   (Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes                                   (89)         1,442           (207)

   Income tax (benefit) expense                                                                   (32)           534            (66)
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
   (Loss) income from continuing operations                                                       (57)           908           (141)

   Discontinued Operations:
      Loss from discontinued operations, net of applicable income tax benefit of $130               -              -           (265)
      Gain on disposal of ICS, net of $107 of applicable income tax expense                         -              -            724
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
   (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                       (57)           908            318
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax benefit of $2,188           (5,733)             -              -
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
   Net (loss) income                                                                     $     (5,790)  $        908   $        318
                                                                                         ============   ============   ============

   Basic (loss) income per share
      From continuing operations                                                         $          -   $       0.07   $      (0.01)
      From discontinued operations                                                                  -              -           0.04
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
      (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                      -           0.07           0.03
      Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                                       (0.46)             -              -
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
      Total                                                                              $      (0.46)  $       0.07   $       0.03
                                                                                         ============   ============   ============
   Weighted average number of shares outstanding                                           12,630,964     12,724,282     12,238,421
                                                                                         ============   ============   ============

   Diluted (loss) income per share
      From continuing operations                                                         $          -   $       0.07   $      (0.01)
      From discontinued operations                                                                  -              -           0.04
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
      (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                      -           0.07           0.03
      Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                                       (0.46)             -              -
                                                                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
      Total                                                                              $      (0.46)  $       0.07   $       0.03
                                                                                         ============   ============   ============
   Weighted average number of shares outstanding                                           12,630,964     12,742,122     12,238,421
                                                                                         ============   ============   ============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                       F-5

<PAGE>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

                     (In thousands except share information)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Additional
                                                 Common        Common      Paid-in      Accumulated    Treasury
                                                 Shares        Stock       Capital        Deficit        Stock      Total
                                               -----------    --------   -----------   ------------   ----------   --------
<S>                                            <C>            <C>        <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Balance at December 31, 1999 ...........        22,821,675    $  228     $   63,993    $   (7,601)    $    (52)    $ 56,568
Sale of common stock less
   commissions and issuance expenses of
   $158 ................................         1,626,159        16          1,531             -            -        1,547
Exercise of common stock options
   and warrants ........................            43,750         1             80             -            -           81
Common stock issued in purchase
   acquisitions ........................         1,277,300        13          4,667             -            -        4,680
Common stock issued for services .......            40,000         -            200             -            -          200
Common stock issued to satisfy debt
   obligation ..........................           106,985         1            386             -            -          387
Common stock issued for debt
   guarantee ...........................            19,521         -             68             -            -           68
Cancellation of shares received from
   sale of ICS .........................          (450,000)       (4)        (1,008)            -            -       (1,012)
Shares purchased and retired ...........            (4,800)        -             (5)            -            -           (5)
Treasury shares retired ................                 -         -            (52)            -           52            -
Income tax benefit from exercise of
   non-qualified stock options .........                 -         -             45             -            -           45
Net income .............................                 -         -              -           318            -          318
                                               -----------    ------     ----------    ----------     --------     --------
Balance at December 31, 2000 ...........        25,480,590       255         69,905        (7,283)           -       62,877
Common stock issued in purchase
   acquisitions ........................            26,137         -            158             -            -          158
Shares purchased and retired ...........           (78,300)       (1)           (86)            -            -          (87)
Net income .............................                 -         -              -           908            -          908
                                               -----------    ------     ----------    ----------     --------     --------
Balance at December 31, 2001 ...........        25,428,427       254         69,977        (6,375)           -       63,856
Common stock issued in purchase
   acquisitions ........................            26,316         -             25                                      25
Shares purchased and retired ...........          (624,900)       (6)          (416)                                   (422)
One-for-two reverse stock split ........       (12,422,188)     (124)           124                                       -
Net loss ...............................                                                   (5,790)           -       (5,790)
                                               -----------    ------     ----------    ----------     --------     --------
Balance at December 31, 2002 ...........        12,407,655    $  124     $   69,710    $  (12,165)    $      -     $ 57,669
                                               ===========    ======     ==========    ==========     ========     ========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                       F-6

<PAGE>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                   -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                       2002            2001              2000
                                                                                   ------------   -------------     --------------
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>               <C>
Operating activities
(Loss) income from continuing operations                                           $        (57)  $         908     $         (141)
Discontinued operations, net of income tax                                                    -               -                459
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of income tax benefit           (5,733)              -                  -
                                                                                   ------------   -------------     --------------
Net (loss) income                                                                        (5,790)            908                318
Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided
  by operating activities:
         Depreciation and amortization                                                    1,953           2,813              2,467
         Provision for losses on receivables                                                 98              40                 25
         Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                              7,920               -                  -
         Asset impairment charges                                                         1,165               -                138
         (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment                                    -            (216)                16
         Deferred income taxes                                                           (2,423)            339               (249)
         Net gain on sale of ICS, including cash surrendered                                  -               -               (975)
         Non-cash expenses of discontinued operations                                         -               -                 24
         Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
           Accounts receivable                                                              (16)             30                958
           Inventory                                                                       (195)             81                 90
           Accounts payable                                                                 198            (376)              (279)
           Deferred revenue                                                                 127             (63)              (104)
           Accrued expenses                                                                (140)            105               (610)
           Income taxes                                                                      37             (17)               (70)
           Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                401              (3)              (409)
           Other                                                                              -              (4)                 -
                                                                                   ------------   -------------     --------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                 3,335           3,637              1,340
Investing activities
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                                            (217)              -                (25)
Purchase of property and equipment                                                         (865)           (876)            (1,344)
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                                  -           1,327                 15
Payments for intangibles                                                                    (14)            (21)              (567)
Deposits and other prepaid costs on future acquisitions                                       -               -                233
                                                                                   ------------   -------------     --------------
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                                      (1,096)            430             (1,688)
Financing activities
Proceeds from long term debt and capital lease obligations                                    -               3              9,947
Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations                                 (2,240)         (2,209)            (8,705)
Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs                                 -               -              1,628
Payments to purchase stock                                                                 (422)            (87)                (5)
                                                                                   ------------   -------------     --------------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                      (2,662)         (2,293)             2,865
                                                                                   ------------   -------------     --------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       (423)          1,774              2,517
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                            6,612           4,838              2,321
                                                                                   ------------   -------------     --------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                           $      6,189   $       6,612     $        4,838
                                                                                   ============   =============     ==============
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                       F-7

<PAGE>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1.   Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Mace
Security International, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively,
"the Company"). All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. On December 17, 2002, we effected a one-for-two reverse stock
split. All stock prices, share amounts, per share information, stock options and
stock warrants have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse split,
unless otherwise noted.

2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

The Company currently operates in two business segments: the Car Care segment,
supplying complete car care and truck wash services (including wash, detailing,
lube, and minor repairs) and the Security Products Segment, producing for retail
sale consumer safety and personal defense products, as well as electronic
surveillance and monitoring products. The Company's car care operations are
principally located in Texas, Arizona, Florida, Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
Delaware, Indiana and Ohio. During 1999 the Company also operated in a computer
products and services business.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue from the Company's Car Care segment is recognized, net of customer
coupon discounts, when services are rendered or fuel or merchandise is sold.

Revenue from the Company's Security Products Segment is recognized when
shipments are made, or for export sales when title has passed. The Company was
paid $20,000 per month, beginning in February 2000 and ending on April 30, 2002,
under an agreement which allowed Mark Sport, an entity controlled by Jon E.
Goodrich, a director of the Company, to operate the Company's Security Products
Segment. This amount is included under revenues from operating agreements.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid short-term
investments with original maturities of three months or less, and credit card
deposits which are converted into cash within two to three business days.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
the first-in first-out (FIFO) method for security and car care products.
Inventories at the Company's Car Care locations consist of various chemicals and
cleaning supplies used in operations and merchandise and fuel for resale to
consumers. Inventories within the Company's Security Products segment consist of
defense sprays, child safety products, electronic security monitors, cameras and
digital recorders, and various other consumer security and safety products.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is recorded using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are
generally as follows: buildings and leasehold improvements - 15 to 40 years;
machinery and equipment - 2 to 20 years; and furniture and fixtures - 5 to 10
years. Significant additions or improvements extending assets' useful lives are
capitalized; normal maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred.
Depreciation expense was approximately $1.9 million, $1.8 million, and $1.5
million for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, and 2000, respectively.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred and amounted to
approximately $1.1 million in 2002 and 2001, and $1.4 million in 2000.

Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used and assets to be disposed of for possible impairment when
events and circumstances

                                       F-8

<PAGE>

warrant such a review. During the year ended December 31, 2002, we wrote down
assets determined to be imparied by approximately $1.2 million. The asset
write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites in Texas and two
full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that due to poor
demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of these sites,
their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover their
respective carrying values. We are marketing these sites for sale and have
written down these assets to their estimated fair market values based on
expected proceeds upon sale.

In 2000, we wrote down the value of our Berlin, New Jersey facility by $138,000
to reflect the sales price of those assets in January 2001.

Goodwill

Prior to 2002, goodwill was amortized on a straight line basis over 25 years.

On January 1, 2002, the Company adopted SFAS 142, and as required, discontinued
amortization of goodwill acquired prior to July 1, 2001. Additionally, SFAS 142
required that, within six months of adoption, the first phase of the goodwill
transitional impairment testing be completed at the reporting unit level as of
the date of adoption. SFAS 142 requires that any goodwill impairment loss
recognized as a result of initial application be reported in the first interim
period of adoption as a change in accounting principle and that the income per
share effects of the accounting change be separately disclosed. The transitional
impairment testing was completed during the third quarter of 2002 and as of
January 1, 2002 (See Note 3, Change in Accounting Principle).

In accordance with SFAS 142, the Company also completed a 2002 annual impairment
test as of November 30, 2002, and will be subject to impairment test each year
thereafter. Significant estimates and assumptions are used in assessing the fair
value of the reporting units and determining impairment to goodwill (See Note 3,
Change in Accounting Principle). The Company cannot guarantee that there will
not be impairments in subsequent years.

Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets consist primarily of deferred financing costs,
trademarks, and establishing a registered national brand name. Prior to 2002,
our trademarks and brand name were amortized on a straight line basis over 15
years. In accordance with SFAS 142, our trademarks and brand name are considered
to have indefinite lives, and as such, are no longer subject to amortization.
These assets will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an
impairment indicator. Deferred financing costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the terms of the respective debt instruments. Customer lists and
non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
respective estimated useful lives. Amortization of other intangible assets was
approximately $31,000, $79,000, and $60,000 for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. (See "New Accounting Standards" below.)

Deferred Acquisition Costs

The Company capitalizes legal, accounting, engineering and other direct costs
paid to outside parties that are incurred in connection with potential
acquisitions. The Company, however, routinely evaluates such capitalized costs
and charges to expense those relating to abandoned acquisition candidates.
Indirect acquisition costs, such as executive salaries, general corporate
overhead, and other corporate services are expensed as incurred. Deferred
acquisition costs, included in other assets, were approximately $47,000 at
December 31, 2000. There were no deferred acquisition costs at December 31, 2002
or 2001.

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

The Company's policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized
expenditures relating to proposed acquisitions that in management's current
opinion will not be consummated.

Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes are determined based on the difference between the
financial accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income
tax expense (benefit) represents the change during the period in the deferred
income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities. Deferred tax assets
include tax loss and credit carryforwards and are reduced by a valuation

                                       F-9

<PAGE>

allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Supplementary Cash Flow Information

Interest paid on all indebtedness was approximately $2.3 million, $3.1 million,
and $3.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, and 2000,
respectively.

Income taxes paid were approximately $169,000, $211,000, and $79,000 in 2002,
2001 and 2000, respectively.

Noncash investing and financing activities of the Company excluded from the
statement of cash flows include debt paid with common stock of the Company of
$387,000 in 2000 and property additions financed by debt of $1.0 million and
$181,000 in 2002 and 2001, respectively.

Deferred Revenue

The Company records a liability for gift certificates and ticket books sold at
its car care locations but not yet redeemed. The Company estimates these
unredeemed amounts based on gift certificates and ticket book sales and
redemptions throughout the year as well as utilizing historical sales and
redemption rates.

Advertising

The Company expenses advertising costs, including advertising production costs,
as they are incurred or the first time advertising takes place. The Company's
costs of coupon advertising are recorded as a prepaid asset and amortized to
advertising expense during the period of distribution and customer response,
typically two to three months. Prepaid advertising costs were $70,000 and
$67,000 at December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively. Advertising expense was
approximately $1.1 million in 2002 and 2001 and $863,000 in 2000.

Stock Based Compensation

At December 31, 2002, the Company has two stock-based employee compensation
plans, which are more fully described in Note 11. The Company accounts for those
plans under the recognition and measurement principles of APB No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and related interpretations.
Stock-based employee compensation costs are not reflected in net income, as all
options granted under the plan had exercise prices equal to the market value of
the underlying common stock on the date of grant. The table below illustrates
the effect on net (loss) income and (loss) income per share if the Company had
applied the fair value recognition provisions of FASB No. 123, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation," to stock-based employee compensation.

The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees (APB 25) and related Interpretations in
accounting for its employee stock options because, as discussed below, the
alternative fair value accounting provided for under SFAS 123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation, requires use of option valuation models that are not
developed for use in valuing employee stock options. Under APB 25, if the
exercise price of the Company's employee stock options equals the market price
of the underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation expense is
recognized.

Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share is required by
SFAS 123, and has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its
employee stock options under the fair value method of that Statement. The fair
values for these options were estimated at the dates of grant using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions for grants in 2002, 2001 and 2000; risk-free interest rate ranges of
3.72% to 5.39% in 2002, 4.62% to 5.22% in 2001 and 5.11% to 6.64% in 2000;
dividend yield of 0%; expected volatility of the market price of the Company's
common stock of 61% in 2002, 97% in 2001 and 91% in 2000; and a weighted-average
expected life of the option of ten years.

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because
the Company's employee stock options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's
opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

                                      F-10

<PAGE>

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options
is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period. Pro forma results are
not likely to be representative of the effects on reported or pro forma results
of operations for future years. The Company's pro forma information is as
follows (in thousands, except per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                            ---------------------------------------
                                                               2002         2001           2000
                                                            ---------     --------      -----------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>           <C>
  Net (loss) income, as reported                            $  (5,790)    $    908      $     318
  Less: Stock-based compensation costs under fair
        value based method for all awards                        (685)      (1,354)        (2,661)
                                                            ---------     --------      ---------
  Pro forma net loss                                        $  (6,475)    $   (446)     $  (2,343)
                                                            =========     ========      =========
  Earnings per share - basic
      As reported                                           $   (0.46)    $   0.07      $    0.03
      Pro forma                                             $   (0.51)    $  (0.04)     $   (0.19)
  Earnings per share - diluted
      As reported                                           $   (0.46)    $   0.07      $    0.03
      Pro forma                                             $   (0.51)    $  (0.04)     $   (0.19)
</TABLE>


Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, trade receivables, trade payables and debt instruments. The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and trade
payables are considered to be representative of their respective fair values.

Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans
with similar terms and average maturities, the carrying values and fair values
of the Company's fixed and variable rate debt instruments at December 31, 2002
were as follows:

                                   Carrying Value          Fair Value
                                   --------------         ------------
                                              (In Thousands)

             Fixed rate debt       $     14,863           $    17,977

             Variable rate debt          18,449                18,836
                                   ------------           -----------
             Total                 $     33,312           $    36,813
                                   ============           ===========

The majority of the fixed rate debt provides for a pre-payment penalty based on
an interest rate yield maintenance formula. The yield maintenance formula
results in a significant pre-payment penalty as market interest rates decrease.
The Company obtained a calculation of the pre-payment penalty in August 2001 of
$3.2 million. The pre-payment penalty precludes refinancing of this long term
debt.

Business Combinations

Prior to July 1, 2001, the Company assessed each business combination to
determine whether the pooling of interests or the purchase method of accounting
was appropriate. For those business combinations prior to July 1, 2001,
accounted for under the pooling of interests method, the financial statements
were combined with those of the Company at their historical amounts, and if
material, all periods presented were restated as if the combination occurred on
the first day of the earliest year presented. For

                                      F-11

<PAGE>

those acquisitions accounted for using the purchase method of accounting, the
Company allocates the cost of the acquired business to the assets acquired and
the liabilities assumed based on estimates of fair values thereof. These
estimates are revised during the allocation period as necessary when, and if,
information regarding contingencies becomes available to define and quantify
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation period varies but does
not exceed one year. To the extent contingencies such as pre-acquisition
environmental matters, pre-acquisition liabilities including deferred revenues,
litigation and related legal fees are resolved or settled during the allocation
period, such items are included in the revised allocation of the purchase price.
After the allocation period, the effect of changes in such contingencies is
included in results of operations in the period in which the adjustment is
determined.

New Accounting Standards

In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") 141, Business Combinations, and SFAS
142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. SFAS 141 is effective for all
business combinations completed after June 30, 2001. SFAS 142 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001; however, certain provisions of
this Statement apply to goodwill and other intangible assets acquired between
July 1, 2001 and the effective date of SFAS 142. Major provisions of these
Statements and their effective dates for the Company are as follows:

       .    All business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001 must use the
            purchase method of accounting. The pooling of interests method of
            accounting is prohibited except for transactions initiated before
            July 1, 2001.
       .    Intangible assets acquired in a business combination must be
            recorded separately from goodwill if they arise from contractual or
            other legal rights or are separable from the acquired entity and can
            be sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either
            individually or as part of a related contract, asset or liability.
       .    Goodwill, as well as intangible assets with indefinite lives,
            acquired after June 30, 2001, will not be amortized.
       .    Effective January 1, 2002, all previously recognized goodwill and
            intangible assets with indefinite lives will no longer be subject to
            amortization.
       .    Effective January 1, 2002, goodwill and intangible assets with
            indefinite lives will be tested for impairment annually and whenever
            there is an impairment indicator.
       .    All acquired goodwill must be assigned to reporting units for
            purposes of impairment testing and segment reporting.

On January 1, 2002, the Company adopted SFAS 142, and as required, discontinued
amortization of goodwill and certain intangible assets determined to have
indefinite useful lives acquired prior to July 1, 2001. This statement also
requires that within the first interim period of adoption, the intangible assets
with indefinite lives should be tested for impairment as of the date of
adoption, and that if any impairment results, it should be recognized as a
change in accounting principle. Additionally, SFAS 142 requires that, within six
months of adoption, goodwill be tested for impairment at the reporting unit
level as of the date of adoption. If any impairment is indicated to have existed
upon adoption, it should be measured and recorded before the end of the year of
adoption. SFAS 142 requires that any goodwill impairment loss recognized as a
result of initial application be reported in the first interim period of
adoption as a change in accounting principle and that the income per share
effects of the accounting change be separately disclosed. The first phase of the
goodwill transitional impairment testing was completed during the second quarter
of 2002 and as of January 1, 2002. The transitional impairment testing was
completed with goodwill impairment recorded during the third quarter of 2002 and
as of January 1, 2002. (See Note 3, Change in Accounting Principle.)

In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations. SFAS 143 applies to all entities, including rate-regulated
entities, that have legal obligations associated with the retirement of a
tangible long-lived asset that result from acquisition, construction or
development and (or) normal operations of the long-lived asset. SFAS 143 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2002. The provisions of the
Statement are not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition
or results of operations of the Company.

In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. SFAS 144 retains the existing requirements to
recognize and measure the impairment of long-lived assets to be held and used or
to be disposed of by sale. However, SFAS 144 makes changes to the scope and
certain measurement requirements of existing accounting guidance. SFAS 144 also
changes the requirements relating to reporting the effects of a disposal or
discontinuation of a segment of a business. SFAS 144 is effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of this Statement did not have a
significant impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the
Company.

                                      F-12

<PAGE>

In April 2002, the FASB approved the issuance of SFAS 145, Rescission of FASB
Statements No. 4, 44, and 64, Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical
Corrections. SFAS 145 primarily affects the reporting requirements and
classification of gains and losses from the extinguishment of debt and requires
that certain lease modifications with economic effects similar to sale-leaseback
transactions be accounted for in the same manner as sale-leaseback transactions.
SFAS 145 is effective for fiscal years beginning after May 15, 2002. The Company
believes this Statement will not materially affect the Company's financial
position or results of operations.

In June 2002, the FASB approved the issuance of SFAS 146, Accounting for Exit or
Disposal Activities. SFAS 146 addresses significant issues regarding the
recognition, measurement, and reporting of costs that are associated with exit
and disposal activities, including restructuring activities that are currently
accounted for pursuant to the guidance that the Emerging Issues Task Force
(EITF) has set forth in EITF Issue No. 94-3, Liability Recognition for Certain
Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity (including
Certain Costs Incurred in a Restructuring). SFAS 146 will be effective for exit
or disposal activities that are initiated after December 31, 2002. The Company
believes this Statement will not materially affect the Company's financial
position or results of operations.

In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 148, Accounting for Stock-Based

Compensation - Transition and Disclosure. SFAS 148 amends SFAS 123 Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, to provide alternative methods of transition for a
voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation. In addition, SFAS 148 amends the disclosure requirements
of SFAS 123 to require prominent disclosures in both annual and interim
financial statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee
compensation and the effect of the method used on reported results. SFAS 148 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2002. The expanded
annual disclosure requirements and the transition provisions are effective for
fiscal years ending after December 15, 2002. The interim disclosure provisions
are effective for financial reports containing financial statements for interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2002. Management does not expect the
adoption of SFAS 148 to have a material effect on the Company's financial
position or results of operations.

In January 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation 46 (FIN 46), Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities. FIN 46 clarifies the application of Accounting
Research Bulletin 51, Consolidated Financial Statements, for certain entities
that do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties
or in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling
financial interest ("variable interest entities"). Variable interest entities
within the scope of FIN 46 will be required to be consolidated by their primary
beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity is determined
to be the party that absorbs a majority of the entity's expected losses,
receives a majority of its expected returns, or both. FIN 46 applies immediately
to variable interest entities created after January 31, 2003, and to variable
interest entities in which an enterprise obtains an interest after that date. It
applies in the first fiscal year or interim period beginning after June 15,
2003, to variable interest entities in which an enterprise holds a variable
interest that it acquired before February 1, 2003. The Company is in the process
of determining what impact, if any, the adoption of the provisions of FIN 46
will have upon its financial condition or results of operations.

                                      F-13

<PAGE>


3.       Change in Accounting Principle

Effective January 1, 2002, we adopted SFAS 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets. In connection with the adoption, we discontinued approximately $900,000
in annual amortization of goodwill. SFAS 142 also requires companies to test
intangibles for impairment on an annual basis. During the first quarter of 2002,
the Company performed its testing under SFAS 142 pertaining to its evaluation of
intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives, and determined
that there was an impairment issue with certain trademarks used in our security
products segment. The fair values of the trademarks were determined using a
royalty savings approach, discounted at appropriate risk-adjusted rates, which
yielded results consistent with available market-approach data. The impairment
of $43,000, net of tax, was recorded as a cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle as of December 31, 2001 in our March 31, 2002 financial
statements.

The following table reflects unaudited adjusted results of operations of the
Company, giving effect to the provisions of SFAS 142 as if they were adopted on
January 1, 2000 (in thousands except earnings per share):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                            -------------------------------------------
                                                               2002            2001           2000
                                                            ------------   -------------   ------------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>              <C>
  (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change
      in accounting principle, as reported                  $      (57)    $       908     $     (141)
  Add back: amortization expense, net of tax                         -             580            590
                                                            ------------   -------------   ------------

  Pro forma (loss) income before cumulative effect
      of change in accounting principle                     $      (57)    $     1,488     $      449
                                                            ============   =============   ============

  Basic (loss) income before cumulative effect of
      change in accounting principle per common
  share:

      As reported                                           $        -     $      0.07     $    (0.01)
      Pro forma                                             $        -     $      0.12     $     0.04

  Diluted (loss) income before cumulative effect of
      change in accounting principle per common
  share:

      As reported                                           $        -     $      0.07     $    (0.01)
      Pro forma                                             $        -     $      0.12     $     0.04
</TABLE>

Under the provisions of SFAS 142, the Company was required to complete the first
phase of the goodwill transitional impairment test within six months of adopting
the new standard or by June 30, 2002 and the final phase of the transitional
test before the end of the year of adoption, or December 31, 2002. The first
step of the transitional testing was the determination of our reporting units
and the estimation of the fair values of the reporting units. A discounted cash
flow model was used to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The
Company engaged an independent appraisal firm to determine appropriate discount
rates for each reporting unit. Discount rates were derived by using the weighted
average cost of capital technique. The discount rates were then used by the
Company in the discounted cash flow calculations. Significant estimates and
assumptions were used in assessing the fair value of the reporting units. These
estimates and assumptions involved future cash flows, growth rates, discount
rates, weighted average cost of capital and estimates of market valuations of
each of the reporting units. During the third quarter of 2002, we completed the
transitional requirements for goodwill impairment testing. As a result of the
transitional goodwill impairment testing, we determined that the book value of
our Northeast reporting unit exceeded its current fair value by $1.84 million.
The Northeast reporting unit's current fair value was based on present
expectations for the business in light of the current economic environment and
the uncertainty associated with recent volume due to unfavorable weather
patterns. Additionally, there was an impairment of $5.34 million in our Arizona
reporting unit due to unfavorable economic conditions combined with a
significant increase in local competition. This charge represented a complete
write-off of the goodwill associated with this reporting unit. Finally, there
was an impairment loss of $670,000 in our truck wash reporting unit, primarily
because we did not acquire additional truck washes necessary to achieve the
scale needed to attract national accounts. This charge represented a complete
write-off of the goodwill associated with this reporting unit.

We completed our annual testing of goodwill and intangible assets determined to
have indefinite lives in accordance with SFAS 142 as of November 30, 2002. The
methodology applied was consistent with that of our transitional impairment
testing. The growth rate applied to future cash flows beyond detailed
projections was 3%. The discount rates used in both the transitional and annual
testing varied from 8% for our security products business to approximately
11.25% for our car and truck wash operations. There

                                      F-14

<PAGE>

were no further impairments to goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite
lives as a result of the annual test performed as of November 30, 2002.
Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives must be
tested on at least an annual basis and whenever there is an impairment
indicator. The Company cannot guarantee that there will not be impairments in
subsequent years.

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the year ended December 31,
2002 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                         Truck      Security
                                              Northeast       Texas       Arizona        Washes     Products       Total
                                            -------------  ----------   -----------   -----------  ----------   -----------
    <S>                                     <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
    Balance at December 31, 2001            $     6,508    $   7,620    $   5,341     $      670    $      -    $  20,139

    Reallocation of purchase price                  862            -            -              -           -          862

    Acquisition of Micro-Tec
        Manufacturing, Inc.                          -             -            -              -         282          282

    Transitional impairment loss upon
        adoption of SFAS 142                     (1,842)           -       (5,341)          (670)          -       (7,853)
                                            -----------  -----------   ----------   ------------  ----------   -----------

    Balance at December 31, 2002            $     5,528    $   7,620    $       -     $        -    $    282    $  13,430
                                            ===========  ===========   ==========   ============  ==========   ===========
</TABLE>

4.       Business Combinations

On March 24, 2000, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired all
of the truck wash related assets of Red Baron Truck Washes, Inc. ("Red Baron")
with a total of five operating locations in Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Texas.
Consideration consisted of 568,421 (pre-reverse split) registered shares of
common stock of the Company and the issuance of a secured $1.0 million
promissory note to the seller. The transaction was accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting.

On June 5, 2000, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired
certain assets of Sparsupco, Inc. (the "Beneva Car Wash"). Consideration
consisted of 130,712 (pre-reverse split) shares of common stock of the Company
and $20,000 of cash. The Beneva Car Wash is located in Sarasota, Florida. The
transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

On July 10, 2000, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, completed the
acquisition of substantially all the assets of Superstar Kyrene, a full service
car wash in the Phoenix, Arizona area, in exchange for 56,521 (pre-reverse
split) unregistered shares of common stock of the Company, cash consideration of
approximately $824,000 and the assumption of approximately $926,000 of debt. The
transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.

On July 26, 2000, the Company acquired, through a wholly-owned subsidiary,
substantially all of the assets of Blue Planet Car Wash ("Blue Planet"), a full
service car wash in the Dallas, Texas area, in exchange for 250,008 (pre-reverse
split) unregistered shares of common stock, and the assumption of approximately
$1,554,000 of debt. This transaction was accounted for using the purchase method
of accounting.

From April 1, 1999 through July 26, 2000, the Company acquired 62 car care
facilities and five truck wash facilities through the acquisition of 17 separate
businesses including: 42 full service facilities, one self service facility, 11
exterior only facilities and one lube center in Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
Delaware, Texas, Florida and Arizona; seven facilities were subsequently
divested. The five full service truck wash facilities are located in Arizona,
Indiana, Ohio and Texas.

On August 28, 2001, the Company sold, through a wholly-owned subsidiary,
substantially all of the assets of Gabe's Plaza Car Wash in Morrisville,
Pennsylvania. The Company received an aggregate cash sales price of $1.2
million, $315,000 of which was utilized to pay off a promissory note secured by
the Gabe's Plaza Car Wash assets.

On August 12, 2002, the Company acquired the inventory, certain other assets and
the operations of Micro-Tech Manufacturing, Inc. ("Micro-Tech"), a manufacturer
and retailer of small and miniature electronic security devices. Total
consideration under the agreement was approximately $505,000. At closing, the
Company paid $217,000 cash for inventory, $15,625 cash representing the first of
twelve equal monthly installments totaling $187,500, and 13,158 (pre-reverse
split) registered shares of common stock of

                                      F-15

<PAGE>

the Company representing the first of eight monthly payments of shares totaling
105,263 (pre-reverse split) shares. This transaction was accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting in accordance with SFAS 141, Business
Combinations.

5.   Discontinued Operations

On May 4, 2000, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a plan to sell
its computer products and services subsidiary, ICS. Accordingly, the operating
results of ICS have been segregated from continuing operations and reported on a
comprehensive basis as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
operations entitled "Discontinued Operations". On June 2, 2000, the Company sold
ICS in exchange for the return of 450,000 (pre-reverse split) shares of common
stock of the Company and $295,500 of future goods and services from ICS.
Revenues for 2000, loss from operations, and the gain on disposal of ICS were
$518,000, $265,000 and $724,000, respectively.

6.   Accounts Receivable

The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally
does not require collateral. Risk of losses from international sales within the
Security Products Segment are reduced by requiring the majority of customers to
provide irrevocable confirmed letters of credit and/or cash advances. The
Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts at a level that management
believes is sufficient to cover potential credit losses.

The changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                        -------------------------------------
                                                                              2002                  2001
                                                                        -----------------     ---------------
                                                                                    (In Thousands)
      <S>                                                                     <C>                   <C>
       Balance at beginning of year                                     $           178       $           261

       Additions (charged to expense)                                                98                    40
       Adjustments                                                                  239                  (123)
       Deductions                                                                  (317)                    -
                                                                        ---------------       ---------------
       Balance at end of year                                           $           198       $           178
                                                                        ===============       ===============
</TABLE>

7.   Inventories

Inventories consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                        ---------------------------------------
                                                                              2002                 2001
                                                                        ------------------   ------------------
                                                                                    (In Thousands)
      <S>                                                              <C>                   <C>
       Finished goods                                                   $             963     $            321
       Work in process                                                                128                  176
       Raw materials and supplies                                                     634                  852
       Fuel, merchandise inventory and car wash supplies                              950                  926
                                                                        -----------------    -----------------
                                                                        $           2,675    $           2,275
                                                                        =================    =================
</TABLE>

                                      F-16

<PAGE>

8.   Other Intangible Assets

The following table reflects the components of intangible assets, excluding
goodwill (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              December 31, 2002                   December 31, 2001
                                                      ----------------------------------   -------------------------------
                                                           Gross                               Gross
                                                          Carrying            Accum.          Carrying          Accum.
                                                           Amount             Amort.           Amount           Amort.
                                                      ----------------   ---------------   --------------   --------------
    <S>                                               <C>                <C>               <C>              <C>
    Amortized intangible assets:
               Non-compete agreement                  $            25    $            2    $           -    $           -
               Customer list                                       25                 2                -                -
               Deferred financing costs                           373               131              359              104
                                                      ---------------    --------------    -------------    -------------
    Total amortized intangible assets                             423               135              359              104

    Non-amortized intangible assets:
               Trademarks - security products
               segment                                          1,835             1,270            1,902            1,270
               Service mark - car care segment                    116                10              116               10
                                                      ---------------    --------------    -------------    -------------
    Total non-amortized intangible assets                       1,951             1,280            2,018            1,280

                                                      ---------------    --------------    -------------    -------------
    Total intangible assets                           $         2,374    $        1,415    $       2,377    $       1,384
                                                      ===============    ==============    =============    =============
</TABLE>

The following sets forth the estimated amortization expense on intangible assets
for the fiscal years ending December 31 (in thousands):

                        2003     $35
                        2004     $34
                        2005     $34
                        2006     $29
                        2007     $21

Amortization expense of other intangible assets was approximately $31,000,
$79,000, and $60,000 for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000,
respectively.

                                      F-17

<PAGE>

9.   Long-Term Debt, Notes Payable, and Capital Lease Obligations

Long-term debt, notes payable, and capital lease obligations consist of the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                        ---------------------------------------
                                                                                               2002                   2001
                                                                                        ----------------      -----------------
                                                                                                     (In Thousands)
     <S>                                                                                <C>                   <C>

     Notes payable to GMAC Commercial Mortgage ("GMAC"), interest rate of 8.52%,
          due in monthly installments totaling $145,936 including interest,
          through September 2013, collateralized by real property, equipment and
          inventory of certain of the Millennia Car Wash locations                        $      12,346       $         13,013

     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest rate of prime plus 0.25%
          (4.50% at December 31, 2002), is due in monthly installments of
          $51,466 including interest (adjusted annually), through November 2003,
          collateralized by real property and equipment of Eager Beaver Car
          Wash, Inc.                                                                              6,019                  6,359


     Notes payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest prime plus 0.25% (4.50% at
          December 31, 2002) due in monthly installments totaling $55,939 per
          month including interest (adjusted annually), through various dates
          ranging from January 2004 to February 2008, collateralized by real
          property and equipment of certain of the Colonial Car Wash
          locations                                                                               4,013                  4,499

     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA which refinanced a note payable to
          Cornett Ltd. Partnership on February 17, 2000. The Bank One note,
          which provides for an interest rate of prime plus 0.25% (4.50% at
          December 31, 2002), is due in monthly installments of $37,367
          including interest (adjusted annually), renewed through February 2008,
          collateralized by real property and equipment of the Genie Car Wash
          locations                                                                               4,301                  4,549

     Note payable to Western National Bank, interest rate of 8.75%, due in
          monthly installments of $20,988 including interest, through October
          2014, collateralized by real property and equipment in Lubbock, Texas                   1,859                  1,942

     Note payable to Business Loan Express, interest rate of prime plus 2.5%
          (6.75% at December 31, 2002), is due in monthly installments of
          $10,964 including interest (adjusted annually), through December 2022,
          collateralized by real property and equipment of the Blue Planet Car
          Wash                                                                                    1,444                  1,476

     Note payable to Merriman Park J.V., interest rate of 5.5% (adjusted
          annually), due in monthly installments of $9,809 including interest,
          through November 2011, collateralized by real property and equipment
          of certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations                                             828                    892

     Note  payable to Bank One Texas, NA, interest rate of prime plus 0.25%
          (4.50% at December 31, 2002), is due in monthly installments of $6,779
          including interest (adjusted annually), through July 2003,
          collateralized by real property and equipment of the Superstar Kyrene
          Car Wash                                                                                  755                    804

     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest rate of prime plus 0.25%
          (4.50% at December 31, 2002), is due in monthly installments of $2,705
          including interest (adjusted annually) through April 2005,
          collateralized by real property and equipment of the Red Baron
          Amarillo Truck Wash                                                                       331                      -
</TABLE>

                                      F-18

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                              <C>                                  <C>
     Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, which refinanced the mortgage note
          payable to Southwest Bank in October 2001. The Bank One note which
          provides for an interest rate of prime plus 0.25% (4.50% at December
          31, 2002), is due in monthly installments of $3,018 including interest
          (adjusted annually), through October 2004, collateralized by real
          property and equipment of certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations                359                    379

     Note payable to Wachovia, interest rate of one month LIBOR plus 2.50%
          (3.94% at December 31, 2002), is due in monthly principal payments of
          $2,666 plus accrued interest, collateralized by real property of Mace
          Security Products, Inc.                                                             399                      -

     Capital lease payable to Columbia Credit Company, interest rate of 14.5%,
          due in monthly installments of $8,314 including interest, through May
          2005, collateralized by certain equipment of the Shammy Man Car Wash
          location                                                                            201                    270

     Capital leases payable to various creditors, interest rates ranging from
          7.75% to 9.97%, due in monthly installments of $10,823 including
          interest, through various dates ranging from December 2003 to June
          2007, collateralized by certain equipment of the Company                            317                    123

     Note payable to Pennzoil Products Company, interest rate of 5% due in
          monthly installments of $2,496, including interest, through June 2003,
          collateralized by equipment of the Company                                           15                     43

     Notes payable to individuals for deferred purchase payment of Micro- Tech,
          Inc. due in monthly installments of $15,625 through August 2003                     125                      -
                                                                                 ----------------      -----------------
                                                                                           33,312                 34,349
     Less: current portion                                                                  8,812                  2,514
                                                                                 ----------------      -----------------
                                                                                $          24,500       $         31,835
                                                                                 ================      =================
</TABLE>

In February 2003, the Company obtained renewals from Bank One, Texas, N.A.
("Bank One") on two 15 year amortization loans totaling $4.7 million which were
up for periodic renewal. The loans, classified as current at September 30, 2002,
were renewed by Bank One for a five year period at favorable terms. Accordingly,
the loans were reclassified to long-term debt at December 31, 2002.

On November 28, 2000, the Company entered into a $6.7 million three year term
note (15 year amortization basis) with Bank One to refinance certain maturing
debt including the $1.3 million convertible promissory note to Bullseye
Properties, the $2.1 million SouthTrust Bank note maturing in May 2001, and the
$1.0 million promissory note related to the Red Baron Truck Wash acquisition.
The term note also provided approximately $800,000 for the purchase of the
leased Beneva Car Wash property and provided approximately $1.4 million of
additional funding, net of loan closing costs, for capital improvements and
working capital.

Additionally, in February 2000, the Company financed the remaining $4.35 million
balance of the promissory note related to the acquisition of Genie through a
$4.8 million three year term note (15 year amortization basis) with Bank One.
The term note also provided approximately $400,000 of additional funding, net of
loan closing costs, for capital improvements and working capital.

In August 1999, the Company assumed a 7% Convertible Promissory Note in the
amount of $1,348,379 in connection with an acquisition accounted for as a
pooling of interests. The note was payable in monthly installments of $12,276,
including interest, commencing in March 2000. The principal amount of the note,
including unpaid interest, was convertible into the Company's common stock at
the rate of $3.62 per share until August 2000 and at $3.875 per share
thereafter. The note contained a call provision which provided the holder the
right to call the note with a 90 day notice any time after April 15, 2000. The
promissory note was called by the holder and was due on November 28, 2000. The
promissory note was satisfied on March 7, 2001 with proceeds from the $6.7
million Bank One term note which were escrowed at December 31, 2000.

At December 31, 2002, the Company has available a short term line of credit with
Bank One, Texas, N.A. which provides borrowing for inventory and accounts
receivable financing up to $500,000 for the Company's electronic surveillance
operations. The availability under this line of credit is subject to an
inventory and accounts receivable borrowing formula. There were no borrowings
outstanding under this line of credit at December 31, 2002.

                                      F-19

<PAGE>

At December 31, 2002, the Company had three letters of credit outstanding
totaling $525,000 as collateral relating to workers' compensation insurance
policies. Additionally, we had four commercial letters of credit outstanding
totaling $552,000 for the purchase of inventory for our new electronic
surveillance products business.

Several of our debt agreements, as amended, contain certain affirmative and
negative covenants and require the maintenance of certain levels of tangible net
worth and the maintenance of certain debt coverage ratios on an individual
subsidiary and consolidated level. At December 31, 2002, we were not in
compliance with our consolidated debt coverage ratios related to our Bank One,
Texas, N.A. ("Bank One") term notes, our GMAC notes payable and our Wachovia
Bank N.A. ("Wachovia") note payable. At December 31, 2002, we were also not in
compliance with a debt coverage ratio requirement related to certain Bank One
notes payable with our subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.
("Colonial"). With respect to the GMAC notes payable and the Bank One notes
payable related to Colonial, the Company has received waivers of acceleration of
the notes as of December 31, 2002 and through January 1, 2004. Additionally, the
Company has entered into amendments to the Bank One term loan agreements and a
modification agreement to the Wachovia note payable. The Company is currently in
compliance with the covenants as amended. The amended debt coverage ratio with
Bank One requires the Company to maintain a consolidated Earnings Before
Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("EBITDA") to debt service ("the
debt coverage ratio") of 1.2 to 1 at December 31, 2002, and at December 31, 2003
and thereafter, and a 1.1 to 1 ratio for the twelve month periods ending March
31, 2003, June 30, 2003 and September 30, 2003. As of March 17, 2003, the
preliminary operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 through this
date indicate that we should meet the required debt coverage ratio as of March
31, 2003; however, we cannot provide assurance that favorable operating trends
will continue through March 31, 2003. If we default on the Bank One covenants,
the Company will need to obtain a further amendment or waiver from Bank One. If
the Company is unable to obtain the waiver or amendment, Bank One debt totaling
$8,424,000 currently recorded as long-term debt at December 31, 2002 would
become due on demand.

The Company's ongoing ability to comply with its debt covenants under its credit
arrangements and refinance its debt depends largely on the achievement of
adequate levels of cash flow. Our cash flow has been and can continue to be
adversely affected by weather patterns and the economic climate. In the event
that non-compliance with the debt covenants should reoccur, the Company would
pursue various alternatives to successfully resolve the non-compliance, which
might include, among other things, seeking additional debt covenant waivers or
amendments, or refinancing of debt with other financial institutions. Although
the Company believes that it will be successful in resolving potential
non-compliance with its debt covenants, or refinancing its current debt, there
can be no assurance that further debt covenant waivers or amendments will be
attained or that the debt will be refinanced with other financial institutions
at favorable terms.

Certain machinery and equipment notes payable discussed above have been
classified as capital lease obligations in the balance sheet.

Maturities of long-term debt are as follows: 2003 - $8.8 million; 2004 - $5.0
million; 2005 - $1.8 million; 2006 - $1.6 million; 2007 - $1.9 million; and 2008
and thereafter - $14.2 million.

10. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consists of the following:

                                                 As of December 31,
                                           -----------------------------
                                               2002            2001
                                           --------------  -------------
                                                  (In Thousands)

                                           -----------------------------
        Accrued compensation               $         844   $        796
        Property and other non-income
        taxes                                        132            113
        Other                                      1,068          1,216
                                           --------------  -------------
                                           $       2,044   $      2,125
                                           ==============  =============

11.  Stock Option Plans

During September 1993, the Company adopted the 1993 Stock Option Plan ("the 1993
Plan"). The 1993 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 630,000 shares of
common stock upon exercise of the options. The Company has reserved 630,000
shares of common stock to satisfy the requirements of the 1993 Plan. The options
are non-qualified stock options and are not transferable by the recipient. The
1993 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee ("the Committee") of the
Board of Directors, which may grant options to employees, directors and
consultants to the Company. The term of each option may not exceed fifteen years

                                      F-20

<PAGE>

from the date of grant. Options are exercisable over either a 10 or 15 year
period and exercise prices are not less than the market value of the shares on
the date of grant.

In December 1999, the Company's stockholders approved the 1999 Stock Option Plan
("the 1999 Plan") providing for the granting of incentive stock options or
nonqualified stock options to directors, officers, or employees of the Company.
Under the 1999 Plan, 15,000,000 shares of common stock are reserved for
issuance. Incentive stock options and nonqualified options have terms which are
determined by the Committee with exercise prices not less than the market value
of the shares on the date of grant. The options generally expire ten years from
the date of grant and are exercisable based upon graduated vesting schedules as
determined by the Committee. As of December 31, 2002, 1,547,012 options have
been granted under the 1993 and 1999 Plan including 1,088,828 nonqualified stock
options.

Activity with respect to these plans is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2002                          2001                         2000
                                              --------------------------     -------------------------    -------------------------
                                                               Weighted                      Weighted                     Weighted
                                                               Average                       Average                      Average
                                                               Exercise                      Exercise                     Exercise
                                                 Number         Price           Number        Price         Number         Price
                                              -------------   ----------     ------------   ----------    -----------   -----------
<S>                                           <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
  Options outstanding beginning of period         1,101,875   $     7.14        1,002,862   $     8.58      1,360,854   $     10.52
  Options granted                                   279,500   $     2.32          174,250   $     1.52        165,163   $      4.90
  Options exercised                                       -            -                -            -        (21,875)  $      3.72
  Options canceled                                  (76,092)  $    13.48         (75,237)   $    13.18       (501,280)  $     15.46
                                              -------------                  ------------                 -----------
  Options outstanding end of period               1,305,283   $     5.72        1,101,875   $     7.14      1,002,862   $      8.58
                                              =============                  ============                 ===========
  Options exercisable                             1,037,988   $     6.40          763,574   $     7.82        485,458   $      8.84
                                              =============                  ============                 ===========
  Shares available for granting of options        6,267,987                     6,471,395                   6,570,408
                                              =============                  ============                 ===========
</TABLE>

Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2002 under both plans are summarized
as follows:

                                             Weighted Avg.        Weighted
      Range of              Number             Remaining        Avg. Exercise
   Exercise Prices        Outstanding       Contractual Life        Price
  -----------------     ---------------     ----------------    -------------
  $ 1.38  - $ 2.06          206,334               7.8           $        1.56
  $ 2.08  - $ 3.00          403,126               8.0           $        2.44
  $ 5.38  - $ 8.00          439,187               6.2           $        5.92
  $ 8.62  - $12.50           74,234               4.2           $        9.20
  $13.26  - $19.50          168,652               6.5           $       14.82
  $20.00  - $22.00           13,750               6.4           $       21.46
                        -----------
                          1,305,283
                        ===========

In August 1994, the Company issued warrants to purchase 30,000 shares of Mace
Security International, Inc. common stock at $8.50 per share in connection with
the purchase of certain assets of a business. The warrants are exercisable over
a ten year period, expiring on August 24, 2004.

The Company has a remaining total of 905,232 warrants to purchase common stock
outstanding at December 31, 2002, all of which are exercisable. In 1999, the
Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 1,328,250 shares of the Company's
common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $4.22 per share in
connection with the purchase of certain businesses and to a director. The terms
of the warrants have been established by the Board of Directors. The warrants
are exercisable at any time through August 2, 2009 and have an exercise price
ranging from $2.75 to $18.50 per share.

During the exercise period, the Company will reserve a sufficient number of
shares of its common stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented
by option and warrant holders.

                                      F-21

<PAGE>

12.    Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2002 and 2001
are as follows:

                                                         As of December 31,
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                       2002            2001
                                                    -----------    ------------
   Deferred tax assets:
        Allowance for doubtful accounts             $       94     $         42
        Inventories                                         39               39
        Net operating loss carryforwards                 5,820            4,712
        Deferred revenue                                   150              100
        Compensation and related transition costs          202              202
        Car damage reserve                                  33               53
        Accrued workers compensation costs                 140                -
        Other, net                                         176              120
                                                    ----------     ------------
              Total deferred tax assets                  6,654            5,268
   Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets          (1,100)            (950)
                                                    ----------     ------------
   Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance         5,554            4,318
                                                    ----------     ------------

   Deferred tax liabilities:
        Property, equipment and intangibles             (3,624)          (4,782)
        Other, net                                           -              (29)
                                                    ----------     ------------
              Total deferred tax liabilities            (3,624)          (4,811)
                                                    ----------     ------------
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)            $    1,930     $       (493)
                                                    ==========     ============

At December 31, 2002, the Company has a deferred tax asset of $1.9 million,
primarily representing the tax effect of the $15.5 million of net operating loss
carry forwards that will begin to expire during the year ended December 31,
2008, if unused. Realization of the future tax benefits related to the deferred
tax assets is dependent upon many factors, including the Company's ability to
generate taxable income in future years. Based on the relevant factors
considered, the Company believes it is more likely than not it will realize the
benefits of the deferred tax assets.

     The components of income tax (benefit) expense are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                    -----------------------------------------------------
                                                          2002               2001              2000
                                                    ----------------    --------------    ---------------
                                                                        (In Thousands)
   <S>                                              <C>                 <C>               <C>
   Current (principally state taxes)                $          203      $         195     $         160
   Deferred                                                 (2,423)               339              (226)
                                                    --------------      -------------     -------------
   Total income tax (benefit) expense               $       (2,220)     $         534     $         (66)
                                                    ==============      =============     =============
</TABLE>


     The significant components of deferred income tax (benefit) expense
     attributed to (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001,
     and 2000 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                    -----------------------------------------------------
                                                         2002               2001               2000
                                                    ----------------    --------------    ---------------
                                                                       (In Thousands)
   <S>                                             <C>                 <C>                <C>
   Deferred tax expense                             $       (1,465)     $      1,531      $         876
   Loss carry forward                                       (1,108)           (1,297)              (872)
   Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets                 150               105               (230)
                                                    --------------      ------------      -------------
                                                    $       (2,423)     $        339      $        (226)
                                                    ==============      ============      =============
</TABLE>

                                      F-22

<PAGE>

A reconciliation of income tax (benefit) expense computed at the U.S. federal
statutory tax rates to total income tax (benefit) expense is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                   ---------------------------------------
                                                     2002            2001            2000
                                                   -------          -------        -------
                                                                 (In Thousands)
<S>                                                <C>              <C>            <C>
Tax at U.S. federal statutory rate                 $(2,803)         $   505        $   (73)
State taxes, net of federal benefit                   (184)             128             93
Nondeductible costs and other acquisition
       accounting adjustments                          654              171            152
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets            150              105           (230)
Fixed asset adjustments                                  -             (358)             -
Other adjustments                                      (37)             (17)            (8)
                                                   -------          -------        -------

Total income tax (benefit) expense                 $(2,220)         $   534        $   (66)
                                                   =======          =======        =======
</TABLE>

13.  Earnings Per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                                    -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                        2002             2001              2000
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>             <C>              <C>
Numerator (In Thousands):
(Loss) income from continuing operations                                            $        (57)   $          908   $         (141)
Income from discontinued operations                                                            -                 -              459
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
(Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                     (57)              908              318
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                                       (5,733)                -                -
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
Net (loss) income                                                                   $     (5,790)   $          908   $          318
                                                                                    ============    ==============   ==============

Denominator:
Denominator for basic (loss) income
       per share - weighted average shares                                            12,630,964        12,724,282       12,238,421
Dilutive effect of options and warrants                                                        -            17,840                -
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
Denominator for diluted (loss) income
       per share - weighted average shares                                            12,630,964        12,742,122       12,238,421
                                                                                    ============    ==============   ==============

Basic (loss) income per share:
       From continuing operations                                                   $          -    $         0.07   $        (0.01)
       From discontinued operations                                                            -                 -             0.04
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
       (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                -              0.07             0.03
       Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                                 (0.46)                -                -
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
       Total                                                                        $      (0.46)   $         0.07   $         0.03
                                                                                    ============    ==============   ==============
Diluted (loss) income per share:
       From continuing operations                                                     $        -    $         0.07   $        (0.01)
       From discontinued operations                                                            -                 -             0.04
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
       (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                -              0.07             0.03
       Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                                 (0.46)                -                -
                                                                                    ------------    --------------   --------------
       Total                                                                        $      (0.46)   $         0.07   $         0.03
                                                                                    ============    ==============   ==============
</TABLE>

The Company's options and warrants outstanding at December 31, 2002, and
December 31, 2000 have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings
per share because they are anti-dilutive.

                                      F-23

<PAGE>

14.  Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company maintains its cash accounts in high quality financial institutions.
At times, these balances may exceed insured amounts.

15.  Commitments and Contingencies

The Company is obligated under various operating leases, primarily for certain
equipment, vehicles, and real estate. Certain of these leases contain purchase
options, renewal provisions, and contingent rentals for proportionate share of
taxes, utilities, insurance, and annual cost of living increases. Future minimum
lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining noncancellable
lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2002 are as follows: 2003 -
$1.5 million; 2004 - $1.5 million; 2005 - $1.1 million; 2006 - $759,000; 2007 -
$665,000; and thereafter - $2.4 million. Rental expense under these leases was
$1.6 million, $1.5 million, and $1.6 million for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001, and 2000, respectively.

The Company subleases a portion of the building space at several of its car wash
facilities either on a month-to-month basis or under cancellable leases. During
fiscal 2002, 2001, and 2000 revenues under these leases were approximately
$192,000, $141,000, and $92,000, respectively. These amounts are classified as
other income in the accompanying statements of operations.

The Company is subject to federal and state environmental regulations, including
rules relating to air and water pollution and the storage and disposal of oil,
other chemicals, and waste. The Company believes that it complies with all
applicable laws relating to its business.

Certain of the Company's executive officers have entered into employment
agreements whereby they will be entitled to immediate vesting provisions of
issued options should the officer be terminated upon a change in control of the
Company. Additionally, the employment agreement of the Company's Chief Executive
Officer, Louis D. Paolino, Jr., entitles Mr. Paolino to receive a payment of $7
million upon termination of employment under certain conditions including upon
termination as a result of a change in control.

The Company is a party to various legal proceedings related to its normal
business activities. In the opinion of the Company's management, none of these
proceedings are material in relation to the Company's results of operations,
liquidity, cash flows or financial condition.

16.  Employee Benefit Plans

Two subsidiaries of the Company maintained voluntary 401(k) plans which covered
substantially all of their respective employees. Under one of the plans,
employees were allowed to contribute from 1% to 20% of their regular wages, up
to the limit permitted by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matched 25%
of each dollar contributed by employees up to 4% of their wages. Under the
second plan, employees could contribute from 1% to 25%. Although the plan
allowed for discretionary company matches, the Company did not make any matching
contributions in the three years ended December 31, 2002. Both plans were
terminated in 2002.

17.  Operating Agreements

During a portion of 2000, the Company managed three car wash locations under
operating agreements, under which the Company was entitled to all profits
generated from the operation of those locations. Operating agreements generally
arise from pending acquisitions that will be closed pending completion of
certain conditions. The pretax income earned under these operating agreements is
presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as revenue
from operating agreements net of all operating expenses.

The Company has been directly operating its Security Products Segment since May
1, 2002. Previous to May 1, 2002, the Security Products Segment was operated by
Mark Sport, Inc. ("Mark Sport") under a management agreement which expired on
April 30, 2002 (the "Management Agreement"). Mark Sport is controlled by Jon E.
Goodrich, a Director of the Company. Under the Management Agreement, beginning
on January 1, 2000, Mark Sport operated the segment and received all profits and
losses therefrom. In exchange, Mark Sport paid the Company a monthly fee and,
upon termination of the agreement, an amount equal to the amortization and
depreciation of the assets of the division. (See Note 20, Related Party
Transactions.)

                                      F-24

<PAGE>

The results of operations subject to operating agreements were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                 -------------------------------------
                                                                    2002          2001          2000
                                                                 ----------    ----------    ---------
          <S>                                                  <C>             <C>           <C>
             Revenues                                                        (In Thousands)

             Car wash and detailing services                     $       -      $      -      $    804
             Lube and other automotive services                          -             -             -
             Fuel and merchandise sales                                  -             -            53
             Security products operating lease payments                 80           240           220
                                                                 ---------     ---------     ---------
                                                                        80           240         1,077
             Cost of Revenues
             Car wash and detailing services                             -             -           727
             Lube and other automotive services                          -             -             -
             Fuel and merchandise sales                                  -             -            38
                                                                 ---------     ---------     ---------
                                                                         -             -           765



             Selling, general, and administrative expenses               -             -            52
             Depreciation and amortization                               -             -             -
                                                                 ---------     ---------     ---------
             Operating income                                           80           240           260

             Interest expense, net                                       -             -             -
             Other income                                                -             -             1
                                                                 ---------     ---------     ---------
             Income earned under operating agreements            $      80     $     240     $     261
                                                                 =========     =========     =========
</TABLE>

18. Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used and assets to be disposed of for possible impairment when
events and circumstances warrant such a review. During the year ended December
31, 2002, we wrote down assets determined to be imparied by approximately $1.2
million. The asset write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites
in Texas and two full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that
due to poor demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of
these sites, their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover
their respective carrying values. We are marketing these sites for sale and have
written down these assets to their estimated fair market values based on
expected proceeds upon sale.

In 2000, we wrote down the value of our Berlin, New Jersey facility by $138,000
to reflect the sales price of those assets in January 2001.

19. Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

The Company's policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized
expenditures relating to proposed acquisitions that in management's current
opinion will not be consummated. The costs of previously capitalized
expenditures related to proposed acquisitions totaled approximately $57,000 and
$135,000 in 2002 and 2001, respectively. These costs, which principally related
to several possible acquisitions the Company pursued outside the car wash
industry, are primarily related to due diligence costs. In 2000, costs of
previously capitalized expenditures principally related to the termination of
the Planet Truck Wash acquisition and acquisition related expenses associated
with the proposed Wash Depot Holdings, Inc. ("Wash Depot") merger. The Company
terminated the Wash Depot Merger Agreement on September 30, 2000, as a result of
certain conditions precedent to closing not being satisfied by Wash Depot. Of
the $580,000 in costs of terminated acquisitions in 2000, approximately $209,000
represented unrecoverable cash and stock deposits and approximately $371,000
represented external incremental transaction costs including legal, accounting,
consulting and due diligence costs.

20. Related Party Transactions

In August 1999, Mace entered into a month-to-month lease arrangement with
Bluepointe, Inc., a corporation controlled by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Mace's
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, for Mace's executive offices in
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey. The leased offices are in a 41,000 square foot class "B"
office building. The lease arrangement provided for monthly rental payments of
$10,000. This monthly lease payment was considered to be more favorable than
could be obtained on the open market for similar facilities. Effective August 1,
2000, after a survey of local real estate market pricing and upon the approval
of the Audit

                                      F-25

<PAGE>

Committee, Mace entered into a five year lease with Bluepointe, Inc. which
provides for an initial monthly rental payment of $15,962, which increases by 5%
per year in the third through fifth years of the lease. Mace believes that the
terms of this lease (based on an annual rate of $19.00 per square foot ) are
competitive when compared to similar facilities in the Mt. Laurel, New Jersey
area. Mace has also entered into a three-year furniture lease/purchase agreement
with Bluepointe, Inc., dated January 1, 2001, which provided for an initial
payment of $20,000 and monthly rental payments thereafter of $4,513, for the use
of the furnishings in Mace's executive offices. The rental rates were based upon
a third-party valuation of the furnishings, and Mace believes that the terms of
the furniture lease are competitive with similar leasing arrangements available
in the local area.

The Company purchased charter airline services from Air Eastern, Inc., and LP
Learjets, LLC, charter airline companies owned by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the
Company's Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. The Company paid
$29,000, $60,000 and $84,000 in fiscal 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, for
such services.

In 2001, $15,000 was paid to Aeroways, Inc., a chartered air service company not
affiliated with Louis D. Paolino, Jr., for the direct costs of flying the
Learjet 31A owned by LP Learjets, LLC. The Company believes that the rates
charged are competitive when compared with similar services provided by
independent airline charter companies.

On November 6, 2001, the Audit Committee approved an arrangement subject to
quarterly review under which the Company prepays LP Learjets, LLC $5,109 per
month for the right to use a Learjet 31A for 100 hours per year. Additionally,
when the Learjet 31A is used, the Company pays to third parties unaffiliated
with Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the direct costs of the Learjet's per-hour use,
which include fuel, pilot fees, engine insurance and landing fees. As of July
2002, the Company is no longer prepaying LP Learjets, LLC for the future right
to use the Learjet 31A.

In February 2000, the Company entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, Inc. ("Mark Sport"), a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich,
a director of the Company. The Management Agreement entitled Mark Sport to
operate the Company's Security Products Segment and receive all profits or
losses for a seven-month term beginning January 1, 2000. The Management
Agreement was extended several times through amendments. The Management
Agreement required Mark Sport to pay the Company $20,000 per month beginning
February 2000 and continuing through April 30, 2002, the extended term of the
Management Agreement. Additionally, Mark Sport paid the Company an amount equal
to the amortization and depreciation on the assets of the division. During the
term of the Management Agreement, Mark Sport operated the segment in
substantially the same manner as it was operated prior to the Management
Agreement. On February 21, 2002, Mark Sport and the Company amended the
Management Agreement. The amendment extended the term of the Management
Agreement through April 30, 2002, and reconciled the amount owed by Mark Sport
to the Company under the Management Agreement from February 2000 through
December 31, 2001. Mark Sport and the Company agreed in the amendment that Mark
Sport, as of December 31, 2001, owed the Company $127,000, resulting in a
resolution of certain disputes and a reduction of the amounts owed by Mark Sport
of approximately $92,000. The Management Agreement expired on April 30, 2002 and
was further amended on July 22, 2002 to reconcile the amount owed by Mark Sport
to Mace under the Management Agreement for the period January 1, 2002 through
April 30, 2002. Mark Sport and Mace agreed in their final amendment that Mark
Sport owed the Company $100,000 for this period, resulting in a resolution of
certain disputes and a reduction of the amounts recorded by the Company as owed
by Mark Sport of approximately $39,000. At December 31, 2002, Mark Sport owed
the Company $127,000.

The Company's Consumer Products Division leases manufacturing and office space
under a five-year lease with Vermont Mill, Inc. ("Vermont Mill"), which provides
for monthly lease payments of $9,167 through November 2004. Vermont Mill is
controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company. The Company believes
that the lease rate is lower than lease rates charged for similar properties in
the Bennington, Vermont area. On July 22, 2002, the lease was further amended to
provide Mace the option and right to cancel the lease with proper notice and a
payment equal to six months of the then current rent for the leased space
occupied by Mace.

Vermont Mill borrowed a total of $228,671 from the Company through December 31,
2001. On February 22, 2002, Vermont Mill executed a three year promissory note
with monthly installments of $7,061 including interest at a rate of 7%. The
Company's Lease Agreement with Vermont Mill provides for a right of offset of
lease payments against this promissory note in the event monthly payments are
not made by Vermont Mill. At December 31, 2002, the balance owed on this
promissory note was $177,000.

21. Segment Reporting

The Company currently operates in two segments: the Car and Truck Wash Segment,
supplying complete car care services (including wash, detailing, lube, and minor
repairs), fuel, and merchandise sales; and the Security Products Segment. From
January 1, 2000 through April 30, 2002, the Company was paid $20,000 per month
under a Management Agreement pursuant to which Mark Sport,

                                      F-26

<PAGE>

an entity controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company, operated the
Company's Security Products Segment. Effective May 1, 2002, the Management
Agreement expired and the Company recommenced operation of the Security Products
Segment.

The Company evaluates performances and allocates resources based on operating
income of each reportable segment rather than at the operating unit level. The
Company defines operating income as revenues less cost of revenues, selling,
general and administrative expense, and depreciation and amortization expense.
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2). There
is no intercompany profit or loss on intersegment sales.

The Company's reportable segments are business units that offer different
services and products. The reportable segments are each managed separately
because they provide distinct services or produce and distribute distinct
products through different processes.

     Selected financial information for each reportable segment is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                 --------------------------------------------
                                                                     2002            2001            2000
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                              <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues:                                                                       (In Thousands)
     Car and truck wash - external customers                     $     44,132    $     47,984    $     47,783
     Security products - external customers                             2,471               -               -
     Security products - operating agreement                               80             240             220
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                                 $     46,683    $     48,224    $     48,003
                                                                 ============    ============    ============

Operating income (loss):
     Corporate (1)                                               $     (3,044)   $     (2,845)   $     (3,041)
     Car and truck wash                                                 6,004           6,645           5,937
     Security products                                                    (15)              -               -
     Security products - operating agreement                               80             148             220
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                                 $      3,025    $      3,948    $      3,116
                                                                 ============    ============    ============

Assets:
     Car and truck wash                                          $     91,294    $    100,529    $    102,616
     Security products                                                  4,994           4,141           3,515
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                                 $     96,288    $    104,670    $    106,131
                                                                 ============    ============    ============

Capital expenditures:
     Corporate                                                   $         11    $        171    $         96
     Car and truck wash                                                 1,357           1,715           2,058
     Security products                                                    625               -              15
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                                 $      1,993    $      1,886    $      2,169
                                                                 ============    ============    ============

Depreciation and amortization:
     Corporate                                                   $         66    $         95    $         76
     Car and truck wash                                                 1,839           2,626           2,391
     Security products                                                     48              92               -
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                                 $      1,953    $      2,813    $      2,467
                                                                 ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>

     (1) Corporate functions include the corporate treasury, legal, financial
     reporting, information technology, corporate tax, corporate insurance,
     human resources, investor relations, and other typical centralized
     administrative functions.

A reconciliation of operating income for reportable segments to total reported
operating income is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                 --------------------------------------------
                                                                     2002           2001             2000
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
                                                                                (In Thousands)
     <S>                                                         <C>             <C>             <C>
     Total operating income for
         reportable segments                                     $      3,025    $      3,948    $      3,116
     Costs of terminated acquisitions                                      57             135             580
     Asset impairment charges                                           1,165               -             138
                                                                 ------------    ------------    ------------
     Total reported operating income                             $      1,803    $      3,813    $      2,398
                                                                 ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>

                                      F-27

<PAGE>

22. Selected Quarterly Financial Information (In Thousands)(Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Year ended December 31, 2002
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                              Diluted Net
                                                                                             Net (Loss)      (Loss) Income
                                                           Revenues       Gross Profit         Income          Per Share
                                                         --------------   --------------   ---------------   --------------
       <S>                                              <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>
           1/st/ Quarter                                 $      11,756    $       3,840    $      (5,042)    $      (0.40)
           2/nd/ Quarter                                        11,853            3,581              357     $       0.03
           3/rd/ Quarter                                        11,840            3,146             (116)    $      (0.01)
           4/th/ Quarter                                        11,234            2,910             (989)    $      (0.08)
                                                         -------------    -------------    -------------
           Total                                         $      46,683    $      13,477    $      (5,790)    $      (0.46)
                                                         =============    =============    =============

<CAPTION>

                                                                           Year ended December 31, 2001
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                              Diluted Net
                                                                                             Net Income      Income (Loss)
                                                           Revenues       Gross Profit         (Loss)          Per Share
                                                         --------------   --------------   ---------------   --------------
       <S>                                              <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>
           1/st/ Quarter                                 $      12,829    $       3,749    $         302     $       0.02
           2/nd/ Quarter                                        13,041            3,894              358     $       0.03
           3/rd/ Quarter                                        10,965            2,827              (19)    $          -
           4/th/ Quarter                                        11,389            3,657              267     $       0.02
                                                         -------------    -------------    -------------
           Total                                         $      48,224    $      14,127    $         908     $       0.07
                                                         =============    =============    =============

<CAPTION>

                                                                           Year ended December 31, 2000
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                              Diluted Net
                                                                                             Net Income      Income (Loss)
                                                           Revenues       Gross Profit         (Loss)          Per Share
                                                         --------------   --------------   ---------------   --------------
       <S>                                              <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>
           1/st/ Quarter                                 $      11,760    $       3,535    $         280     $       0.02
           2/nd/ Quarter                                        12,171            3,355              394     $       0.03
           3/rd/ Quarter                                        12,684            3,024              (83)    $      (0.01)
           4/th/ Quarter                                        11,388            2,972             (273)    $      (0.02)
                                                         -------------    -------------    -------------
           Total                                         $      48,003    $      12,886    $         318     $       0.03
                                                         =============    =============    =============
</TABLE>

                                      F-28

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit
No.        Description
- ---        -----------

3.6        Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of
           Incorporation of Mace Security International, Inc.
10.145     Promissory Note and Loan Agreement dated October 31, 2002 between the
           Company, its subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc. and Wachovia
           Bank, N.A. in the amount of $480,000.
10.146     Line of Credit Note and Credit Agreement dated December 15, 2002
           between the Company, its subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc. and
           Bank One Texas, N.A. in the amount of $500,000.
10.147     Amendment dated February 21, 2003 to Business Loan Agreement between
           the Company, its subsidiary, Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc., and Bank
           One, Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation
           S-K, two additional amendments which are substantially identical in
           all material respects, except as to the borrower being Mace Truck
           Wash, Inc. and Mace Security Products, Inc., are not being filed).
10.148     Note Modification Agreement dated February 21, 2003, between the
           Company, its subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc. and
           Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of $348,100.
10.149     Note Modification Agreement dated February 21, 2003, between the
           Company, its subsidiary, Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc. and Bank One,
           Texas, N.A. in the amount of $4,281,578.
10.150     Modification Agreement dated March 14, 2003, between the Company, its
           subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc. and Wachovia Bank, N.A.

11         Statement Re: Computation of Per Share Earnings

21         Subsidiaries of the Company

23.1       Consent of Grant Thornton LLP

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.6
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex36.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                     Exhibit 3.6

                           CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF
              AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
                        MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.

     MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC., a corporation organized and existing
under and by virtue of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "Corporation")
DOES HEREBY CERTIFY THAT:

     FIRST:  The name of the Corporation is "Mace Security International, Inc."

     SECOND: The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed by
             the Secretary of State on December 28, 1999.

     THIRD:  The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby
             amended to effect a one-for-two reverse stock split of the issued
             and outstanding Common Stock.

     FOURTH: To accomplish the foregoing amendment, a new paragraph to Article
             FOURTH of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
             shall be added as follows and as paragraph 4(c) thereunder:

     "As of December 17, 2002 at 12:01 AM Eastern Standard Time (the "Effective
     Date"), each two (2) shares of Common Stock of the corporation issued and
     outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date (the "Old Common
     Stock") shall automatically be reclassified and continued, without any
     action on the part of the holder thereof, as one share of Common Stock (the
     "Reverse Split"). The Corporation shall not issue fractional shares on
     account of the Reverse Split. Holders of Old Common Stock who would
     otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share on account of the Reverse
     Split shall receive, upon surrender of the stock certificates formally
     representing shares of the Old Common Stock, in lieu of such fractional
     share, an amount in cash (the "Cash-in-Lieu Amount") equal to the product
     of (i) the decimal remainder resulting from dividing the total number of
     shares of Old Common Stock held by two (2), which remainder is then
     multiplied by two (2), and (ii) the average of the closing price per share
     of the Old Common Stock on the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding
     the date that is five (5) days prior to the Effective Date or, if no such
     sale takes place on such days, the closing price per share on the next
     prior day on which a sale took place, in each case as reported in the Wall
     Street Journal. No interest shall be payable on the Cash-in-Lieu Amount."

     FIFTH:  The foregoing amendment was adopted by the directors and
             stockholders of the Corporation at duly called meetings of the
             board and stockholders, respectively, in accordance with the
             provisions of Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of
Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed by
a duly authorized officer of the Corporation this 16th day of December, 2002.

                                      Mace Security International, Inc.

                                      /s/ Robert M. Kramer

                                      Robert M. Kramer
                                      Secretary, Executive Vice President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.145
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dex10145.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE AND LOAN AGREEMENT DATED OCTOBER 31, 2002
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.145

                                 PROMISSORY NOTE

$480,000.00

                                                                October 31, 2002

FLORIDA DOCUMENTARY STAMP TAX IN THE AMOUNT OF $1,680.00 HAS BEEN AFFIXED TO THE
RECORDED INSTRUMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 201.08, FLORIDA STATUTE.

Mace Security International, Inc.
1000 Crawford Place
Suite 400
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054

Mace Security Products, Inc.
1000 Crawford Place
Suite 400
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054
Individually and collectively "Borrower")

Wachovia Bank, National Association
214 North Hogan Street - FL0070
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
Hereinafter referred to as "Bank")

Borrower promises to pay to the order of Bank, in lawful money of the United
States of America, at its office indicated above or wherever else Bank may
specify, the sum of Four Hundred Eighty Thousand and No/100 Dollars
($480,000.00) or such sum as may be advanced and outstanding from time to time,
with interest on the unpaid principal balance at the rate and on the terms
provided in this Promissory Note (including all renewals, extensions or
modifications hereof, this "Note").

LOAN AGREEMENT. This Note is subject to the provisions of that certain Loan
Agreement between Bank and Borrower of even date herewith, as modified from time
to time.

USE OF PROCEEDS. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the loan(s) evidenced by
this Note for the commercial purposes of Borrower, as follows: Purchase real
estate and finance capital improvements thereon.

SECURITY. Borrower has granted Bank a security interest in the collateral
described in the Loan Documents, including, but not limited to, real property
collateral described in that certain Mortgage of even date herewith.

INTEREST RATE. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this
Note during each Interest Period from the date hereof at a rate per annum equal
to 1-month LIBOR plus 2.50% ("Interest Rate"). The Interest Rate for each
Interest Period shall accrue each day during such Interest Period, commencing on
and including the first day to but excluding the last day. "Interest Period"
means each period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding
Interest Period and ending on the same day of the month that interest is due the
number of months thereafter corresponding to the number of months specified
above; provided (i) the first Interest Period shall commence on the date hereof
and end on the first day thereafter that interest is due, (ii) any Interest
Period that ends in a month for which there is no day which numerically
corresponds to the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period shall
end on the last day of the month, and (iii) any Interest Period that would
otherwise extend past the maturity date of this Note shall end on the maturity
date of this Note. "LIBOR" means, with respect to

<PAGE>

each Interest Period, the rate for U.S. dollar deposits with a maturity equal to
the number of months specified above, as reported on Telerate page 3750 as of
11:00 a.m., London time, on the second London business day before such Interest
Period begins (or if not so reported, then as determined by the Bank from
another recognized source or interbank quotation).

INDEMNIFICATION. Borrower shall indemnify Bank against Bank's loss or expense as
a consequence of (a) Borrower's failure to make any payment when due under this
Note, (b) any payment, prepayment or conversion of any loan on a date other than
the last day of the Interest Period, or (c) any failure to make a borrowing or
conversion after giving notice thereof ("Indemnified Loss or Expense"). The
amount of such Indemnified Loss or Expense shall be determined by Bank based
upon the assumption that Bank funded 100% of that portion of the loan in the
London interbank market.

DEFAULT RATE. In addition to all other rights contained in this Note, if a
Default (as defined herein) occurs and as long as a Default continues, all
outstanding Obligations shall bear interest at the Interest Rate plus 3%
("Default Rate"). The Default Rate shall also apply from acceleration until the
Obligations or any judgment thereon is paid in full.

INTEREST AND FEE(S) COMPUTATION (ACTUAL/360). Interest and fees, if any, shall
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days in the
applicable period ("Actual/360 Computation"). The Actual/360 Computation
determines the annual effective yield by taking the stated (nominal) rate for a
year's period and then dividing said rate by 360 to determine the daily periodic
rate to be applied for each day in the applicable period. Application of the
Actual/360 Computation produces an annualized effective interest rate exceeding
the nominal rate.

REPAYMENT TERMS. This Note shall be due and payable in consecutive monthly
payments of principal of $2,666.66, plus accrued interest, commencing on
December 1, 2002, and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter until
fully paid. In any event, all principal and accrued interest shall be due and
payable on November 1, 2007.

APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. Monies received by Bank from any source for application
toward payment of the Obligations shall be applied to accrued interest and then
to principal. If a Default occurs, monies may be applied to the Obligations in
any manner or order deemed appropriate by Bank.

If any payment received by Bank under this Note or other Loan Documents is
rescinded, avoided or for any reason returned by Bank because of any adverse
claim or threatened action, the returned payment shall remain payable as an
obligation of all persons liable under this Note or other Loan Documents as
though such payment had not been made.

DEFINITIONS. Loan Documents. The term "Loan Documents", as used in this Note and
the other Loan Documents, refers to all documents executed in connection with or
related to the loan evidenced by this Note and any prior notes which evidence
all or any portion of the loan evidenced by this Note, and any letters of credit
issued pursuant to any loan agreement to which this Note is subject, any
applications for such letters of credit and any other documents executed in
connection therewith or related thereto, and may include, without limitation, a
commitment letter that survives closing, a loan agreement, this Note, guaranty
agreements, security agreements, security instruments, financing statements,
mortgage instruments, any renewals or modifications, whenever any of the
foregoing are executed, but does not include swap agreements (as defined in 11
U.S.C. (S) 101). Obligations. The term "Obligations", as used in this Note and
the other Loan Documents, refers to any and all indebtedness and other
obligations under this Note, all other obligations under any other Loan
Document(s), and all obligations under any swap agreements (as defined in 11
U.S.C. (S) 101) between Borrower and Bank whenever executed. Certain Other
Terms. All terms that are used but not otherwise defined in any of the Loan
Documents shall have the definitions provided in the Uniform Commercial Code.

LATE CHARGE. If any payments are not timely made, Borrower shall also pay to
Bank a late charge equal to 5% of each payment past due for 10 or more days.

                                     Page 2

<PAGE>

Acceptance by Bank of any late payment without an accompanying late charge shall
not be deemed a waiver of Bank's right to collect such late charge or to collect
a late charge for any subsequent late payment received.

If this Note is secured by owner-occupied residential real property located
outside the state in which the office of Bank first shown above is located, the
late charge laws of the state where the real property is located shall apply to
this Note and the late charge shall be the highest amount allowable under such
laws. If no amount is stated thereunder, the late charge shall be 5% of each
payment past due for 10 or more days.

ATTORNEYS' FEES AND OTHER COLLECTION COSTS. Borrower shall pay all of Bank's
reasonable expenses incurred to enforce or collect any of the Obligations
including, without limitation, reasonable arbitration, paralegals', attorneys'
and experts' fees and expenses, whether incurred without the commencement of a
suit, in any trial, arbitration, or administrative proceeding, or in any
appellate or bankruptcy proceeding.

USURY. If at any time the effective interest rate under this Note would, but for
this paragraph, exceed the maximum lawful rate, the effective interest rate
under this Note shall be the maximum lawful rate, and any amount received by
Bank in excess of such rate shall be applied to principal and then to fees and
expenses, or, if no such amounts are owing, returned to Borrower.

DEFAULT. If any of the following occurs, a default ("Default") under this Note
shall exist: Nonpayment; Nonperformance. The failure of timely payment or
performance of the Obligations or Default under this Note or any other Loan
Documents. False Warranty. A warranty or representation made or deemed made in
the Loan Documents or furnished Bank in connection with the loan evidenced by
this Note proves materially false, or if of a continuing nature, becomes
materially false. Cross Default. At Bank's option, any default in payment or
performance of any obligation under any other loans, contracts or agreements of
Borrower, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of Borrower, any general partner of or the
holder(s) of the majority ownership interests of Borrower with Bank or its
affiliates ("Affiliate" shall have the meaning as defined in 11 U.S.C. (S) 101,
except that the term "Borrower" shall be substituted for the term "Debtor"
therein; "Subsidiary" shall mean any business in which Borrower holds, directly
or indirectly, a controlling interest). Cessation; Bankruptcy. The death of,
appointment of a guardian for, dissolution of, termination of existence of, loss
of good standing status by, appointment of a receiver for, assignment for the
benefit of creditors of, or commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding by or against Borrower, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, if any, or
any general partner of or the holder(s) of the majority ownership interests of
Borrower, or any party to the Loan Documents. Material Business Alteration.
Without prior written consent of Bank, a material alteration in the kind or type
of Borrower's business, except that Bank agrees to consent to alterations in the
kind and type of Borrower's business provided that no event of default has
occurred under the Loan Documents. Material Capital Structure or Business
Alteration. Without prior written consent of Bank, (i) a material alteration in
the kind or type of Borrower's business or that of Borrower's Subsidiaries or
Affiliates, except that Bank agrees to consent to alterations in the kind and
type of Borrower's business provided that no event of default has occurred under
the Loan Documents; (ii) the sale of substantially all of the business or assets
of Mace Security International, Inc. if such a sale is outside the ordinary
course of business of Mace Security International, Inc., or more than 50% of the
outstanding stock or voting power of or in any such entity in a single
transaction or a series of transactions; (iii) the acquisition of substantially
all of the business or assets or more than 50% of the outstanding stock or
voting power of any other entity; or (iv) should any Borrower or any of
Borrower's Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any guarantor enter into any merger or
consolidation.

REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT. If a Default occurs under this Note or any Loan
Documents, Bank may at any time thereafter, take the following actions: Bank
Lien. Foreclose its security interest or lien against Borrower's accounts
without notice. Acceleration Upon Default. Accelerate the maturity of this Note
and, at Bank's option, any or all other Obligations, other than Obligations
under any swap agreements (as defined in 11 U.S.C. (S) 101) between Borrower and
Bank, which shall be governed by the default and termination provisions of said
swap agreements; whereupon this Note and the accelerated Obligations shall be
immediately due and payable; provided, however, if the Default is based upon a
bankruptcy or

                                     Page 3

<PAGE>

insolvency proceeding commenced by or against Borrower or any guarantor or
endorser of this Note, all Obligations (other than Obligations under any swap
agreement as referenced above) shall automatically and immediately be due and
payable. Cumulative. Exercise any rights and remedies as provided under the Note
and other Loan Documents, or as provided by law or equity.

FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION. Borrower shall deliver to Bank such information
as Bank may reasonably request from time to time, including without limitation,
financial statements and information pertaining to Borrower's financial
condition. Such information shall be true, complete, and accurate.

WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS. No waivers, amendments or modifications of this Note and
other Loan Documents shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an officer
of Bank. No waiver by Bank of any Default shall operate as a waiver of any other
Default or the same Default on a future occasion. Neither the failure nor any
delay on the part of Bank in exercising any right, power, or remedy under this
Note and other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall a
single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.

Each Borrower or any person liable under this Note waives presentment, protest,
notice of dishonor, demand for payment, notice of intention to accelerate
maturity, notice of acceleration of maturity, notice of sale and all other
notices of any kind. Further, each agrees that Bank may extend, modify or renew
this Note or make a novation of the loan evidenced by this Note for any period,
and grant any releases, compromises or indulgences with respect to any
collateral securing this Note, or with respect to any other Borrower or any
other person liable under this Note or other Loan Documents, all without notice
to or consent of each Borrower or each person who may be liable under this Note
or any other Loan Document and without affecting the liability of Borrower or
any person who may be liable under this Note or any other Loan Document.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. Assignment. This Note and the other Loan Documents
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. Bank's
interests in and rights under this Note and the other Loan Documents are freely
assignable, in whole or in part, by Bank. In addition, nothing in this Note or
any of the other Loan Documents shall prohibit Bank from pledging or assigning
this Note or any of the other Loan Documents or any interest therein to any
Federal Reserve Bank. Borrower shall not assign its rights and interest
hereunder without the prior written consent of Bank, and any attempt by Borrower
to assign without Bank's prior written consent is null and void. Any assignment
shall not release Borrower from the Obligations. Applicable Law; Conflict
Between Documents. This Note and, unless otherwise provided in any other Loan
Document, the other Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed under the
laws of the state named in Bank's address shown above without regard to that
state's conflict of laws principles. If the terms of this Note should conflict
with the terms of any loan agreement or any commitment letter that survives
closing, the terms of this Note shall control. Borrower's Accounts. Except as
prohibited by law, Borrower grants Bank a security interest in all of Borrower's
accounts with Bank and any of its affiliates. Jurisdiction. Borrower irrevocably
agrees to non-exclusive personal jurisdiction in the state named in Bank's
address shown above. Severability. If any provision of this Note or of the other
Loan Documents shall be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, such
provision shall be ineffective but only to the extent of such prohibition or
invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the
remaining provisions of this Note or other such document. Notices. Any notices
to Borrower shall be sufficiently given, if in writing and mailed or delivered
to the Borrower's address shown above or such other address as provided
hereunder, and to Bank, if in writing and mailed or delivered to Bank's office
address shown above or such other address as Bank may specify in writing from
time to time. In the event that Borrower changes Borrower's address at any time
prior to the date the Obligations are paid in full, Borrower agrees to promptly
give written notice of said change of address by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, all charges prepaid. Plural; Captions. All references
in the Loan Documents to Borrower, guarantor, person, document or other nouns of
reference mean both the singular and plural form, as the case may be, and the
term "person" shall mean any individual, person or entity. The captions
contained in the Loan Documents are inserted for convenience only and shall not
affect the meaning or interpretation of the Loan Documents. Advances. Bank may,
in its sole discretion, make other advances which shall be deemed to be advances
under this Note, even

                                     Page 4

<PAGE>

though the stated principal amount of this Note may be exceeded as a result
thereof. Posting of Payments. All payments received during normal banking hours
after 2:00 p.m. local time at the office of Bank first shown above shall be
deemed received at the opening of the next banking day. Joint and Several
Obligations. Each person who signs this Note as a Borrower (as defined herein)
is jointly and severally obligated. Fees and Taxes. Borrower shall promptly pay
all documentary, intangible recordation and/or similar taxes on this transaction
whether assessed at closing or arising from time to time.

ARBITRATION. Upon demand of any party hereto, whether made before or after
institution of any judicial proceeding, any claim or controversy arising out of
or relating to the Loan Documents between parties hereto (a "Dispute") shall be
resolved by binding arbitration conducted under and governed by the Commercial
Financial Disputes Arbitration Rules (the "Arbitration Rules") of the American
Arbitration Association (the "AAA") and the Federal Arbitration Act. Disputes
may include, without limitation, tort claims, counterclaims, a dispute as to
whether a matter is subject to arbitration, claims brought as class actions, or
claims arising from documents executed in the future. A judgment upon the award
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this arbitration provision does not apply to disputes under or related to swap
agreements. Special Rules. All arbitration hearings shall be conducted in the
city named in the address of Bank first stated above. A hearing shall begin
within 90 days of demand for arbitration and all hearings shall conclude within
120 days of demand for arbitration. These time limitations may not be extended
unless a party shows cause for extension and then for no more than a total of 60
days. The expedited procedures set forth in Rule 51 et seq. of the Arbitration
Rules shall be applicable to claims of less than $1,000,000.00. Arbitrators
shall be licensed attorneys selected from the Commercial Financial Dispute
Arbitration Panel of the AAA. The parties do not waive applicable Federal or
state substantive law except as provided herein. Preservation and Limitation of
Remedies. Notwithstanding the preceding binding arbitration provisions, the
parties agree to preserve, without diminution, certain remedies that any party
may exercise before or after an arbitration proceeding is brought. The parties
shall have the right to proceed in any court of proper jurisdiction or by
self-help to exercise or prosecute the following remedies, as applicable: (i)
all rights to foreclose against any real or personal property or other security
by exercising a power of sale or under applicable law by judicial foreclosure
including a proceeding to confirm the sale; (ii) all rights of self-help
including peaceful occupation of real property and collection of rents, set-off,
and peaceful possession of personal property; (iii) obtaining provisional or
ancillary remedies including injunctive relief, sequestration, garnishment,
attachment, appointment of receiver and filing an involuntary bankruptcy
proceeding; and (iv) when applicable, a judgment by confession of judgment. Any
claim or controversy with regard to any party's entitlement to such remedies is
a Dispute. Waiver of Exemplary Damages. The parties agree that they shall not
have a remedy of punitive or exemplary damages against other parties in any
Dispute and hereby waive any right or claim to punitive or exemplary damages
they have now or which may arise in the future in connection with any Dispute
whether the Dispute is resolved by arbitration or judicially. Waiver of Jury
Trial. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY AGREEING TO BINDING ARBITRATION THEY HAVE
IRREVOCABLY WAIVED ANY RIGHT THEY MAY HAVE TO JURY TRIAL WITH REGARD TO A
DISPUTE.

                                     Page 5

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower, on the day and year first above written, has
caused this Note to be executed under seal.

                                  Mace Security International, Inc.
                                  Taxpayer Identification Number: 03-0311630


                                  By: /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr. (SEAL)
                                      -------------------------
                                      Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Chairman/President


                                  Mace Security Products, Inc.
                                  Taxpayer Identification Number: ______________


                                  By: Louis D. Paolino, Jr. (SEAL)
                                      ----------------------
                                      Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Chairman/President

                                     Page 6

<PAGE>

                                 LOAN AGREEMENT

Wachovia Bank, National Association
214 North Hogan Street - FL0070
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
Hereinafter referred to as the "Bank")

Mace Security International, Inc.
1000 Crawford Place
Suite 400
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054

Mace Security Products, Inc.
1000 Crawford Place
Suite 400
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054
Individually and collectively "Borrower")

This Loan Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into October 31, 2002, by and
between Bank and Borrower.

This Agreement applies to the loan or loans (individually and collectively, the
"Loan") evidenced by one or more promissory notes dated October 31, 2002 or
other notes subject hereto, as modified from time to time (whether one or more,
the "Note") and all Loan Documents. The terms "Loan Documents" and
"Obligations," as used in this Agreement, are defined in the Note.

Relying upon the covenants, agreements, representations and warranties contained
in this Agreement, Bank is willing to extend credit to Borrower upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and Bank and Borrower agree as
follows:

REPRESENTATIONS. Borrower represents that from the date of this Agreement and
until final payment in full of the Obligations: Accurate Information. All
information now and hereafter furnished to Bank is and will be true, correct and
complete. Any such information relating to Borrower's financial condition will
accurately reflect Borrower's financial condition as of the date(s) thereof,
(including all contingent liabilities of every type), and Borrower further
represents that its financial condition has not changed materially or adversely
since the date(s) of such documents. Authorization; Non-Contravention. The
execution, delivery and performance by Borrower and any guarantor, as
applicable, of this Agreement and other Loan Documents to which it is a party
are within its power, have been duly authorized as may be required and, if
necessary, by making appropriate filings with any governmental agency or unit
and are the legal, binding, valid and enforceable obligations of Borrower and
any guarantors; and do not (i) contravene, or constitute (with or without the
giving of notice or lapse of time or both) a violation of any provision of
applicable law, a violation of the organizational documents of Borrower or any
guarantor, or a default under any agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree
or other instrument binding upon or affecting Borrower or any guarantor, (ii)
result in the creation or imposition of any lien (other than the lien(s) created
by the Loan Documents) on any of Borrower's or any guarantor's assets, or (iii)
give cause for the acceleration of any obligations of Borrower or any guarantor
to any other creditor. Asset Ownership. Borrower has good and marketable title
to all of the properties and assets reflected on the balance sheets and
financial statements supplied Bank by Borrower, and all such properties and
assets are free and clear of mortgages, security deeds, pledges, liens, charges,
and all other encumbrances, except as otherwise disclosed to Bank by Borrower in
the Borrower's annual report Form 10K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10Q
("Permitted Liens"). To Borrower's knowledge, no default has occurred under any
Permitted Liens and no claims or interests adverse to Borrower's present rights
in its properties and assets have arisen. Discharge of Liens and Taxes. Borrower
has duly filed, paid and/or discharged all

<PAGE>

taxes or other claims which may become a lien on any of its property or assets,
except to the extent that such items are being appropriately contested in good
faith and an adequate reserve for the payment thereof is being maintained.
Sufficiency of Capital. Borrower is not, and after consummation of this
Agreement and after giving effect to all indebtedness incurred and liens created
by Borrower in connection with the Note and any other Loan Documents, will not
be, insolvent within the meaning of 11 U.S.C. (S) 101(32). Compliance with Laws.
Borrower is in compliance in all respects with all federal, state and local
laws, rules and regulations applicable to its properties, operations, business,
and finances, including, without limitation, any federal or state laws relating
to liquor (including 18 U.S.C. (S) 3617, et seq.) or narcotics (including 21
U.S.C. (S) 801, et seq.) and/or any commercial crimes; all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations intended to protect the environment; and
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), if
applicable. Organization and Authority. Each corporate or limited liability
company Borrower and/or guarantor, as applicable, is duly created, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization,
and has all powers, governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and
approvals required to operate its business as now conducted. Each corporate or
limited liability company Borrower and/or guarantor, as applicable, is duly
qualified, licensed and in good standing in each jurisdiction where
qualification or licensing is required by the nature of its business or the
character and location of its property, business or customers, and in which the
failure to so qualify or be licensed, as the case may be, in the aggregate,
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial position,
results of operations, properties or prospects of Borrower or any such
guarantor. No Litigation. There are no pending or threatened suits, claims or
demands against Borrower or any guarantor that have not been otherwise disclosed
to Bank by Borrower in the Borrower's annual report Form 10K and Quarterly
Reports on Form 10Q.

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower agrees that from the date hereof and until final
payment in full of the Obligations, unless Bank shall otherwise consent in
writing, Borrower will: Access to Books and Records. Allow Bank, or its agents,
during normal business hours, access to the books, records and such other
documents of Borrower as Bank shall reasonably require, and allow Bank, at
Borrower's expense, to inspect, audit and examine the same and to make extracts
therefrom and to make copies thereof. Business Continuity. Conduct its business
in substantially the same manner and locations as such business is now and has
previously been conducted, except that Bank agrees to consent to reasonable
changes in the manner and locations of Borrower's business provided that no
event of default has occurred under the Loan Documents. Certificate of Full
Compliance. Deliver to Bank, with the financial statements required herein, a
certification by Borrower's chief financial officer that Borrower is in full
compliance with the Loan Documents. Compliance with Other Agreements. Comply
with all terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, and any other Loan
Documents, and swap agreements, if applicable, as defined in the 11 U.S.C. (S)
101. Estoppel Certificate. Furnish, within 15 days after request by Bank, a
written statement duly acknowledged of the amount due under the Loan and whether
offsets or defenses exist against the Obligations. Insurance. Maintain adequate
insurance coverage with respect to its properties and business against loss or
damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by companies
of established reputation engaged in the same or similar businesses including,
without limitation, commercial general liability insurance, workers compensation
insurance, and business interruption insurance; all in accordance with the terms
of the Mortgage. Maintain Properties. Maintain, preserve and keep its property
in good repair, working order and condition, making all needed replacements,
additions and improvements thereto, to the extent allowed by this Agreement.
Notice of Default and Other Notices. (a) Notice of Default. Furnish to Bank
immediately upon becoming aware of the existence of any condition or event which
constitutes a Default (as defined in the Loan Documents) or any event which,
upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, may become a Default,
written notice specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and the
action which Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. (b)
Other Notices. Promptly notify Bank in writing of (i) any material adverse
change in its financial condition or its business; (ii) any default under any
material agreement, contract or other instrument to which it is a party or by
which any of its properties are bound, or any acceleration of the maturity of
any indebtedness owing by Borrower; (iii) any material adverse claim against or
affecting Borrower or any part of its properties; (iv) the commencement of, and
any material determination in, any litigation with any third party or any
proceeding before any governmental agency or unit affecting Borrower; and (v) at
least 30 days prior thereto, any change in Borrower's name or address as shown
above, and/or any change in Borrower's structure. Other

                                     Page 2

<PAGE>

Financial Information. Deliver promptly such other information regarding the
operation, business affairs, and financial condition of Borrower which Bank may
reasonably request. Payment of Debts. Pay and discharge when due, and before
subject to penalty or further charge, and otherwise satisfy before maturity or
delinquency, all obligations, debts, taxes, and liabilities of whatever nature
or amount, except those which Borrower in good faith disputes. Reports and
Proxies. Deliver to Bank, promptly, a copy of all financial statements, reports,
notices, and proxy statements, sent by Borrower to stockholders, and all regular
or periodic reports required to be filed by Borrower with any governmental
agency or authority.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower agrees that from the date of this Agreement and
until final payment in full of the Obligations, unless Bank shall otherwise
consent in writing, Borrower will not: Change in Fiscal Year. Change its fiscal
year. Default on Other Contracts or Obligations. Default on any material
contract with or obligation when due to a third party or default in the
performance of any obligation to a third party incurred for money borrowed.
Government Intervention. Permit the assertion or making of any seizure, vesting
or intervention by or under authority of any government by which the management
of Borrower or any guarantor is displaced of its authority in the conduct of its
respective business or its such business is curtailed or materially impaired.
Judgment Entered. Permit the entry of any monetary judgment or the assessment
against, the filing of any tax lien against, or the issuance of any writ of
garnishment or attachment against any property of or debts due.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Mace Security International, Inc. shall deliver to
Bank, within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, audited financial
statements reflecting its operations during such fiscal year, including, without
limitation, a balance sheet, profit and loss statement and statement of cash
flows, with supporting schedules; all on a consolidated basis and in reasonable
detail prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles,
applied on a basis consistent with that of the preceding year. All such
statements shall be examined by an independent certified public accountant
approved by the Borrower's Board of Directors Audit Committee. The opinion of
such independent certified public accountant shall not be acceptable to the Bank
if qualified due to any limitations in scope imposed by Mace Security
International, Inc.

FINANCIAL COVENANTS. Borrower agrees to the following provisions from the date
hereof until final payment in full of the Obligations, unless Bank shall
otherwise consent in writing, using consolidated financial information for Mace
Security International, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates and its holding or
parent company, as applicable: Total Liabilities to Tangible Net Worth Ratio.
Mace Security International, Inc. shall, maintain on a consolidated basis a
ratio of Total Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth of not more than 2.0 to
1.00 For purposes of this computation, "Total Liabilities" shall mean all
liabilities of Mace Security International, Inc., including capitalized leases
and all reserves for deferred taxes and other deferred sums appearing on the
liabilities side of a balance sheet of Mace Security International, Inc., in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis but shall exclude subordinated debt to Bank. "Tangible Net Worth" shall
mean the Total Assets minus Total Liabilities. For purposes of this calculation,
the aggregate amount of any intangible assets of Borrower, including, without
limitation, goodwill, franchises, licenses, patents, trademarks, trade names,
copyrights, service marks, and brand names, shall be subtracted from Total
Assets. Deposit Relationship. Mace Security Products, Inc. shall create a demand
deposit account at Bank into which advance of the Loan may be credited and from
which monthly payments shall be automatically deducted. Debt Service Coverage
Ratio. Mace Security International, Inc. shall maintain a Debt Service Coverage
Ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.00 at each fiscal yearend. "Debt Service
Coverage Ratio" shall mean the sum of net income before taxes plus depreciation
plus amortization plus interest expense divided by current maturities of
long-term debt plus current maturities of long-term leases plus interest
expense, for the same such twelve month period.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. The obligations of Bank to make the loan and any advances
pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the following conditions precedent:
Additional Documents. Receipt by Bank of such additional supporting documents as
Bank or its counsel may reasonably request, including but not limited to a copy
of the construction contract for the property securing this Loan detailing the
type and scope of improvements and the costs of all the improvements to subject
property. Project Construction Funding. At closing, the Bank will advance
$404,000.00 to the Borrower which represents

                                     Page 3

<PAGE>

80% of the "as is" appraised value of the subject property. The remaining
balance of the Loan shall be advanced to the Borrower at the rate of 80% percent
for the cost (not to exceed $95,000.00) of capital expenditures to be advanced
at a later date subject to verification of the completion of such capital
expenditures. Conditions for Final Draw. A certification by the General
Contractor or Subcontractors, if no General Contractor is engaged, shall be
provided to Bank prior to final advance of monies under this Loan evidencing
that all improvements have been completed as detailed in the construction
contract for the property. Any change orders should be noted in the
certification. Copies of lien waivers from all subcontractors shall be provided
to Bank prior to final advance of monies under this Loan. Copies of all legally
valid certificates of occupancy and no building violation certifications
evidencing compliance with all laws, ordinances and regulations relating to the
use and occupancy of the Property shall be provided to Bank prior to final
advance of monies under this Loan.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower and Bank, on the day and year first written above,
have caused this Agreement to be executed under seal.



                                   Mace Security International, Inc.


                                   By:  /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr. (SEAL)
                                        -------------------------
                                       Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Chairman/President


                                   Mace Security Products, Inc.


                                   By: /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr. (SEAL)
                                       -------------------------
                                       Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Chairman/President


                                   Wachovia Bank, National Association


                                   By: /s/ Karen Leikert (SEAL)
                                       -----------------
                                       Karen Leikert, Vice President

                                     Page 4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.146
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dex10146.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LINE OF CREDIT NOTE AND CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.146


[LOGO] BANK ONE.                                             Line of Credit Note


                                                                     $500,000.00
Due: December 15, 2003                                   Date: December 15, 2002

Promise to Pay. On or before December 15, 2003, for value received, Mace
Security Products, Inc. (the "Borrower") promises to pay to Bank One, NA, with
its main office in Chicago, IL, whose address is 1301 S. Bowen Rd., Arlington,
TX 76013 (the "Bank") or order, in lawful money of the United States of America,
the sum of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) or such lesser
sum as is indicated on Bank records, plus interest computed on the basis of the
actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days at the rate of 0.25% per
annum above the Prime Rate (the "Note Rate"), and at the rate of 3.00% per annum
above the Note Rate, at the Bank's option, upon the occurrence of any default
under this Note, whether or not the Bank elects to accelerate the maturity of
this Note, from the date such increased rate is imposed by the Bank. In this
Note, "Prime Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the prime rate of interest
announced from time to time by the Bank or its parent (which rate is not
necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer), changing when and as the
prime rate changes.

In no event shall the interest rate exceed the maximum rate allowed by law. Any
interest payment that would for any reason be unlawful under applicable law
shall be applied to principal.

Interest will be computed on unpaid principal balance from the date of each
borrowing.

Until maturity, the Borrower will pay consecutive Monthly installments of
interest only commencing January 15, 2003.

The Borrower will pay, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, the Bank at
the Bank's address above or at such other place as the Bank may designate in
writing. If any payment of principal or interest on this Note shall become due
on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment will be made on the next
succeeding Business Day. The term "Business Day" in this Note means a day other
than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which national banking associations
are authorized to be closed. Payments shall be allocated among principal,
interest and fees at the discretion of the Bank unless otherwise agreed or
required by applicable law. Acceptance by the Bank of any payment that is less
than the payment due at that time shall not constitute a waiver of the Bank's
right to receive payment in full at that time or any other time.

Late Fee. If any payment is not received by the Bank within ten (10) days after
its due date, the Bank may assess and the Borrower agrees to pay a late fee
equal to the greater of: (a) five percent (5.00%) of the past due amount or (b)
Twenty Five and 00/100 Dollars ($25.00), up to the maximum amount of One
Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($1,500.00) per late charge.

Business Loan. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that this Note evidences a
loan for a business, commercial, agricultural or similar commercial enterprise
purpose, and that all advances made under this Note shall not be used for any
personal, family or household purpose.

Credit Facility. The Bank has approved a credit facility to the Borrower in a
principal amount not to exceed the face amount of this Note. The credit facility
is in the form of advances made from time to time by the Bank to the Borrower.
This Note evidences the Borrower's obligation to repay those advances. The
aggregate principal amount of debt evidenced by this Note is the amount
reflected from time to time in the records of the Bank. Until the earliest of
maturity, the occurrence of any default, or the occurrence of any event that
would constitute the occurrence of any default but for the lapse of time until
the end of any grace or cure period, the Borrower may borrow, pay down and
reborrow under this Note.

Liabilities. The term "Liabilities" in this Note means all obligations,
indebtedness and liabilities of the Borrower to any one or more of the Bank,
BANK ONE CORPORATION, and any of their subsidiaries, affiliates or successors,
now existing or later arising, including, without limitation, all loans,
advances, interest, costs, overdraft indebtedness, credit card indebtedness,
lease obligations, or obligations relating to any Rate Management Transaction,
all monetary obligations incurred or accrued during the pendency of any
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceedings, regardless of
whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding, and all renewals, extensions,
modifications, consolidations or substitutions of any of the foregoing, whether
the Borrower may be liable jointly with others or individually liable as a
debtor, maker, co-maker, drawer, endorser, guarantor, surety or otherwise, and
whether voluntarily or involuntarily incurred, due or not due, absolute or
contingent, direct or indirect, liquidated or unliquidated. The term "Rate
Management Transaction" in this Note means any transaction (including an
agreement with respect thereto) now existing or hereafter entered into among the
Borrower, the Bank or BANK ONE CORPORATION, or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates or their successors, which is a rate swap, basis swap, forward rate
transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap,
equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign
exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction,

<PAGE>

collar transaction, forward transaction, currency swap transaction,
cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other similar
transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or
any combination thereof, whether linked to one or more interest rates, foreign
currencies, commodity prices, equity prices or other financial measures.

Related Documents. The term "Related Documents" in this Note means all loan
agreements, credit agreements, reimbursement agreements, security agreements,
mortgages, deeds of trust, pledge agreements, assignments, guaranties, or any
other instrument or document executed in connection with this Note or in
connection with any of the Liabilities.

Security. The term "Collateral" in this Note means all real or personal property
described in all security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of
trust, assignments, or other instruments now or hereafter executed in connection
with this Note or in connection with any of the Liabilities. If applicable, the
Collateral secures the payment of this Note and the Liabilities.

Bank's Right of Setoff. In addition to the Collateral, if any, the Borrower
grants to the Bank a security interest in, and the Bank is authorized to setoff
and apply, all Accounts, Securities and Other Property, and Bank Debt against
any and all Liabilities of the Borrower. This right of setoff may be exercised
at any time and from time to time, and without prior notice to the Borrower.
This security interest and right of setoff may be enforced or exercised by the
Bank regardless of whether or not the Bank has made any demand under this
paragraph or whether the Liabilities are contingent, matured, or unmatured. Any
delay, neglect or conduct by the Bank in exercising its rights under this
paragraph will not be a waiver of the right to exercise this right of setoff or
enforce this security interest. The rights of the Bank under this paragraph are
in addition to other rights the Bank may have in the Related Documents or by
law. In this paragraph: (a) the term "Accounts" means any and all accounts and
deposits of the Borrower (whether general, special, time, demand, provisional or
final) at any time held by the Bank (including all Accounts held jointly with
another, but excluding any IRA or Keogh Account, or any trust Account in which a
security interest would be prohibited by law); (b) the term "Securities and
Other Property" means any and all securities and other property of the Borrower
in the custody, possession or control of the Bank (other than property held by
the Bank in a fiduciary capacity); and (c) the term "Bank Debt" means all
indebtedness at any time owing by the Bank, to or for the credit or account of
the Borrower.

Representations by Borrower. Each Borrower represents that: (a) the execution
and delivery of this Note and the performance of the obligations it imposes do
not violate any law, conflict with any agreement by which it is bound, or
require the consent or approval of any governmental authority or other third
party; (b) this Note is a valid and binding agreement, enforceable according to
its terms; and (c) all balance sheets, profit and loss statements, and other
financial statements furnished to the Bank in connection with the Liabilities
are accurate and fairly reflect the financial condition of the organizations and
persons to which they apply on their effective dates, including contingent
liabilities of every type, which financial condition has not changed materially
and adversely since those dates. Each Borrower, other than a natural person,
further represents that: (a) it is duly organized, existing and in good standing
pursuant to the laws under which it is organized; and (b) the execution and
delivery of this Note and the performance of the obligations it imposes (i) are
within its powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action of its
governing body, and (ii) do not contravene the terms of its articles of
incorporation or organization, its by-laws, or any partnership, operating or
other agreement governing its affairs.

Events of Default/Acceleration. If any of the following events occurs this Note
shall become due immediately, without notice, at the Bank's option, and the
Borrower hereby waives notice of intent to accelerate maturity of this Note and
notice of acceleration of this Note upon any of the following events:

     1.   The Borrower, or any guarantor of this Note (the "Guarantor"), fails
          to pay when due any amount payable under this Note, under any of the
          Liabilities, or under any agreement or instrument evidencing debt to
          any creditor.
     2.   The Borrower or any Guarantor (a) fails to observe or perform any
          other term of this Note; (b) makes any materially incorrect or
          misleading representation, warranty, or certificate to the Bank; (c)
          makes any materially incorrect or misleading representation in any
          financial statement or other information delivered to the Bank; or (d)
          defaults under the terms of any agreement or instrument relating to
          any debt for borrowed money (other than the debt evidenced by this
          Note) and the effect of such default will allow the creditor to
          declare the debt due before its maturity.
     3.   In the event (a) there is a default under the terms of any Related
          Document, (b) any guaranty of the loan evidenced by this Note is
          terminated or becomes unenforceable in whole or in part, (c) any
          Guarantor fails to promptly perform under its guaranty, or (d) the
          Borrower fails to comply with, or pay, or perform under any agreement,
          now or hereafter in effect, between the Borrower and BANK ONE
          CORPORATION, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or their
          successors.
     4.   There is any loss, theft, damage, or destruction of any Collateral not
          covered by insurance.
     5.   A "reportable event" (as defined in the Employee Retirement Income
          Security Act of 1974 as amended) occurs that would permit the Pension
          Benefit Guaranty Corporation to terminate any employee benefit plan of
          the Borrower or any affiliate of the Borrower.
     6.   The Borrower or any Guarantor becomes insolvent or unable to pay its
          debts as they become due.
     7.   The Borrower or any Guarantor (a) makes an assignment for the benefit
          of creditors; (b) consents to the appointment of a custodian,
          receiver, or trustee for itself or for a substantial part of its
          assets; or (c) commences any proceeding under any bankruptcy,
          reorganization, liquidation, insolvency or similar laws of any
          jurisdiction.

                                       2

<PAGE>

     8.   A custodian, receiver, or trustee is appointed for the Borrower or any
          Guarantor or for a substantial part of its assets without its consent.
     9.   Proceedings are commenced against the Borrower or any Guarantor under
          any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, or similar laws of any
          jurisdiction, and they remain undismissed for thirty (30) days after
          commencement; or the Borrower or the Guarantor consents to the
          commencement of those proceedings.
     10.  Any judgment is entered against the Borrower or any Guarantor, or any
          attachment, levy, or garnishment is issued against any property of the
          Borrower or any Guarantor.
     11.  The Borrower or any Guarantor dies.
     12.  The Borrower or any Guarantor, without the Bank's written consent (a)
          is dissolved, (b) merges or consolidates with any third party, (c)
          leases, sells or otherwise conveys a material part of its assets or
          business outside the ordinary course of its business, (d) leases,
          purchases, or otherwise acquires a material part of the assets of any
          other business entity, except in the ordinary course of its business,
          or (e) agrees to do any of the foregoing (notwithstanding the
          foregoing, any subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other
          subsidiary, or with the Borrower, so long as the Borrower is the
          survivor).
     13.  There is a substantial change in the existing or prospective financial
          condition of the Borrower or any Guarantor that the Bank in good faith
          determines to be materially adverse.
     14.  The Bank in good faith deems itself insecure.

Remedies. If this Note is not paid at maturity, whether by acceleration or
otherwise, the Bank shall have all of the rights and remedies provided by any
law or agreement. The Bank is authorized to cause all or any part of the
Collateral to be transferred to or registered in its name or in the name of any
other person or business entity, with or without designating the capacity of
that nominee. Without limiting any other available remedy, the Borrower is
liable for any deficiency remaining after disposition of any Collateral. The
Borrower is liable to the Bank for all reasonable costs and expenses of every
kind incurred in the making or collection of this Note, including without
limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs. These costs and expenses
include without limitation any costs or expenses incurred by the Bank in any
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar proceeding.

Waivers. Any party liable on this Note waives (a) to the extent permitted by
law, all rights and benefits under any laws or statutes regarding sureties, as
may be amended; (b) any right to receive notice of the following matters before
the Bank enforces any of its rights: (i) the Bank's acceptance of this Note,
(ii) any credit that the Bank extends to the Borrower, (iii) the Borrower's
default, (iv) any demand, diligence, presentment, dishonor and protest, or (v)
any action that the Bank takes regarding the Borrower, anyone else, any
Collateral, or any of the Liabilities, that it might be entitled to by law or
under any other agreement; (c) any right to require the Bank to proceed against
the Borrower, any other obligor or guarantor of the Liabilities, or any
Collateral, or pursue any remedy in the Bank's power to pursue; (d) any defense
based on any claim that any endorser or other parties' obligations exceed or are
more burdensome than those of the Borrower; (e) the benefit of any statute of
limitations affecting liability of any endorser or other party liable hereunder
or the enforcement hereof; (f) any defense arising by reason of any disability
or other defense of the Borrower or by reason of the cessation from any cause
whatsoever (other than payment in full) of the obligation of the Borrower for
the Liabilities; and (g) any defense based on or arising out of any defense that
the Borrower may have to the payment or performance of the Liabilities or any
portion thereof. Any party liable on this Note consents to any extension or
postponement of time of its payment without limit as to the number or period, to
any substitution, exchange or release of all or any part of the Collateral, to
the addition of any other party, and to the release or discharge of, or
suspension of any rights and remedies against, any person who may be liable for
the payment of this Note. The Bank may waive or delay enforcing any of its
rights without losing them. Any waiver affects only the specific terms and time
period stated in the waiver. No modification or waiver of any provision of this
Note is effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party against whom
it is being enforced.

Subordination. Any rights of any party liable on this Note, whether now existing
or hereafter arising, to receive payment on account of any indebtedness
(including interest) owed to any party liable on this Note by the Borrower, or
to withdraw capital invested by it in the Borrower, or to receive distributions
from the Borrower, shall at all times be subordinate to the full and prior
repayment to the Bank of the Liabilities. No party liable on this Note shall be
entitled to enforce or receive payment of any sums hereby subordinated until the
Liabilities have been paid in full and any such sums received in violation of
this paragraph shall be received by such party in trust for the Bank. Any party
liable on this Note agrees to stand still with regard to the Bank's enforcement
of its rights, including taking no action to delay, impede or otherwise
interfere with the Bank's rights to realize on the Collateral. The foregoing
notwithstanding, until the occurrence of any default, any party liable on this
Note is not prohibited from receiving distributions from the Borrower in an
amount equal to any income tax liability imposed on such party liable on this
Note attributable to an ownership interest in the Borrower, if any.

Rights of Subrogation. Any party liable on this Note waives and agrees not to
enforce any rights of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it may
have against the Borrower, any person liable on the Liabilities, or the
Collateral, until the Borrower and such party liable on this Note have fully
performed all their obligations to the Bank, even if those obligations are not
covered by this Note.

Reinstatement. All parties liable on this Note agree that to the extent any
payment is received by the Bank in connection with the Liabilities, and all or
any part of such payment is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent
or preferential, set aside or

                                       3

<PAGE>

required to be repaid by the Bank or paid over to a trustee, receiver or any
other entity, whether under any bankruptcy act or otherwise (any such payment is
hereinafter referred to as a "Preferential Payment"), then this Note shall
continue to be effective or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, and whether
or not the Bank is in possession of this Note, and, to the extent of such
payment or repayment by the Bank, the Liabilities or part thereof intended to be
satisfied by such Preferential Payment shall be revived and continued in full
force and effect as if said Preferential Payment had not been made.

Governing Law and Venue. This Note is delivered in the State of Texas and
governed by Texas law (without giving effect to its laws of conflicts). The
Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to any of its
obligations under this Note may be brought by the Bank in any state or federal
court located in the State of Texas, as the Bank in its sole discretion may
elect. By the execution and delivery of this Note, the Borrower submits to and
accepts, for itself and in respect of its property, generally and
unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. The Borrower
waives any claim that the State of Texas is not a convenient forum or the proper
venue for any such suit, action or proceeding.

Usury. The Bank does not intend to charge, collect or receive any interest that
would exceed the maximum rate allowed by law. If the effect of any applicable
law is to render usurious any amount called for under this Note or the other
Related Documents, or if any amount is charged or received with respect to this
Note, or if any prepayment by the Borrower results in the Borrower having paid
any interest in excess of that permitted by law, then all excess amounts
collected by the Bank shall be credited on the principal balance of this Note
(or, if this Note and all other indebtedness arising under or pursuant to the
other Related Documents have been paid in full, refunded to the Borrower), and
the provisions of this Note and the other Related Documents immediately shall be
deemed reformed and the amounts thereafter collectable reduced, without the
necessity of the execution of any new document, so as to comply with the then
applicable law. All sums paid, or agreed to be paid, by the Borrower for the
use, forbearance, or detention of money under this Note or the other Related
Documents shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be
amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of such
indebtedness until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on
account of such indebtedness does not exceed the usury ceiling from time to time
in effect and applicable to such indebtedness for so long as such indebtedness
is outstanding. To the extent federal law permits the Bank to contract for,
charge or receive a greater amount of interest, the Bank will rely on federal
law instead of the Texas Finance Code. In no event shall Chapter 346 of the
Texas Finance Code apply to this Note. To the extent that Chapter 303 of the
Texas Finance Code is applicable to this Note, the "weekly ceiling" specified in
Chapter 303 is the applicable ceiling.

Miscellaneous. The Borrower, if more than one, is jointly and severally liable
for the obligations represented by this Note, the term "Borrower" means any one
or more of them, and the receipt of value by any one of them constitutes the
receipt of value by the others. This Note binds the Borrower and its successors,
and benefits the Bank, its successors and assigns. Any reference to the Bank
includes any holder of this Note. Section headings are for convenience of
reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Note. Any notices
and demands under or related to this document shall be in writing and delivered
to the intended party at its address stated herein, and if to the Bank, at its
main office if no other address of the Bank is specified herein, by one of the
following means: (a) by hand, (b) by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (c) by certified mail, postage prepaid, with return receipt
requested. Notice shall be deemed given: (a) upon receipt if delivered by hand,
(b) on the Delivery Day after the day of deposit with a nationally recognized
courier service, or (c) on the third Delivery Day after the notice is deposited
in the mail. "Delivery Day" means a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or any
other day on which national banking associations are authorized to be closed.
Any party may change its address for purposes of the receipt of notices and
demands by giving notice of such change in the manner provided in this
provision. This Note and any Related Documents embody the entire agreement
between the Borrower and the Bank regarding the terms of the loan evidenced by
this Note and supercede all oral statements and prior writings relating to that
loan. If any provision of this Note cannot be enforced, the remaining portions
of this Note shall continue in effect. The Borrower agrees that the Bank may
provide any information or knowledge the Bank may have about the Borrower or
about any matter relating to this Note or the Related Documents to BANK ONE
CORPORATION, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or their successors, or to
any one or more purchasers or potential purchasers of this Note or the Related
Documents. The Borrower agrees that the Bank may at any time sell, assign or
transfer one or more interests or participations in all or any part of its
rights and obligations in this Note to one or more purchasers whether or not
related to the Bank.

WAIVER OF SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE BORROWER WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT
PROHIBITED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT THE UNDERSIGNED MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER FROM
THE BANK IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

                 [THIS SPACE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       4

<PAGE>

JURY WAIVER. THE BORROWER AND THE BANK (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF) HEREBY
VOLUNTARILY, KNOWINGLY, IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE
A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR
OTHERWISE) BETWEEN THE BORROWER AND THE BANK ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
RELATED TO THIS NOTE OR THE OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS. THIS PROVISION IS A
MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE BANK TO PROVIDE THE FINANCING EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE.

                                          Borrower:

Address: 1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400   Mace Security Products, Inc.
         Mount Laurel, NJ 08054

<TABLE>
<S>                                       <C>
                                          By: /s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
                                               -------------------------------------
                                               Gregory M. Krzemien         Treasurer
                                               -------------------------------------
                                               Printed Name                    Title
</TABLE>

                                       5

<PAGE>

[LOGO] BANK ONE.                                            Credit Agreement


This agreement between Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL, and
its successors and assigns, (the "Bank"), whose address is 1301 S. Bowen Rd.,
Arlington, TX 76013, and Mace Security Products, Inc. (the "Borrower"), whose
address is 1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400, Mount Laurel, NJ 08054.

1.   Credit Facilities.

     1.1  Scope. This agreement governs Facility A, and, unless otherwise agreed
          to in writing by the Bank and the Borrower or prohibited by applicable
          law, governs the Credit Facilities.

     1.2  Facility A (Line of Credit). The Bank has approved a credit facility
          to the Borrower in the principal sum not to exceed $500,000.00 in the
          aggregate at any one time outstanding ("Facility A"). Credit under
          Facility A shall be repayable as set forth in a Line of Credit Note
          executed concurrently with this agreement, and any renewals,
          modifications or extensions thereof. The proceeds of Facility A shall
          be used for the following purpose: working capital.

     1.3  Borrowing Base. The aggregate principal amount of advances outstanding
          at any one time under Facility A shall not exceed the lesser of the
          Borrowing Base or $500,000.00. If at any time the aggregate principal
          amount of advances outstanding under Facility A exceeds the Borrowing
          Base, the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Bank an amount equal
          to the difference between such aggregate principal amount of advances
          and the Borrowing Base. "Borrowing Base" means the aggregate of:

          A.   80% of Eligible Accounts, not to exceed the aggregate of
               $500,000.00; plus

          B.   50% of Eligible Inventory, up to amount advanced against account
               receivables.

2.   Definitions. As used in this agreement, the following terms have the
     following respective meanings:

     2.1  "Credit Facilities" means all extensions of credit from the Bank to
          the Borrower, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but
          not limited to those described in Section 1.

     2.2  "Liabilities" means all obligations, indebtedness and liabilities of
          the Borrower to any one or more of the Bank, BANK ONE CORPORATION, and
          any of their subsidiaries, affiliates or successors, now existing or
          later arising, including, without limitation, all loans, advances,
          interest, costs, overdraft indebtedness, credit card indebtedness,
          lease obligations, or obligations relating to any Rate Management
          Transaction, all monetary obligations incurred or accrued during the
          pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar
          proceedings, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such
          proceeding, and all renewals, extensions, modifications,
          consolidations or substitutions of any of the foregoing, whether the
          Borrower may be liable jointly with others or individually liable as a
          debtor, maker, co-maker, drawer, endorser, guarantor, surety or
          otherwise, and whether voluntarily or involuntarily incurred, due or
          not due, absolute or contingent, direct or indirect, liquidated or
          unliquidated. The term "Rate Management Transaction" in this agreement
          means any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto)
          now existing or hereafter entered into among the Borrower, the Bank or
          BANK ONE CORPORATION, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or
          their successors, which is a rate swap, basis swap, forward rate
          transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index
          swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate
          option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor
          transaction, collar transaction, forward transaction, currency swap
          transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or
          any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to
          any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether linked
          to one or more interest rates, foreign currencies, commodity prices,
          equity prices or other financial measures.

     2.3  "Notes" means the Line of Credit Note(s) described in Section 1, and
          all promissory notes, instruments and/or contracts evidencing the
          terms and conditions of the Liabilities.

     2.4  "Account" means a trade account, account receivable, other receivable,
          or other right to payment for goods sold or leased or services
          rendered owing to the Borrower (or to a third party grantor acceptable
          to the Bank).

     2.5  "Account Debtor" means the person or entity obligated upon an Account.

<PAGE>

     2.6  "Affiliate" means any person, corporation or other entity directly or
          indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with the
          Borrower and any director or officer of the Borrower or any subsidiary
          of the Borrower.

     2.7  "Distributions" means all dividends and other distributions made by
          the Borrower to its shareholders, partners, owners or members, as the
          case may be, other than salary, bonuses, and other compensation for
          services expended in the current accounting period.

     2.8  "Eligible Accounts" means, at any time, all of the Borrower's Accounts
          which contain selling terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank. The
          net amount of any Eligible Account against which the Borrower may
          borrow shall exclude all returns, discounts, credits, and offsets of
          any nature. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Bank in writing,
          Eligible Accounts do not include Accounts: (1) with respect to which
          the Account Debtor is an employee or agent of the Borrower; (2) with
          respect to which the Account Debtor is affiliated with or related to
          the Borrower; (3) with respect to which goods are placed on
          consignment, guaranteed sale, or other terms by reason of which the
          payment by the Account Debtor may be conditional; (4) with respect to
          which the Account Debtor is not a resident of the United States,
          except to the extent such Accounts are supported by insurance, bonds
          or other assurances satisfactory to the Bank; (5) with respect to
          which the Borrower is or may become liable to the Account Debtor for
          goods sold or services rendered by the Account Debtor to the Borrower;
          (6) which are subject to dispute, counterclaim, or setoff; (7) with
          respect to which the goods have not been shipped or delivered, or the
          services have not been rendered, to the Account Debtor; (8) with
          respect to which the Bank, in its sole discretion, deems the
          creditworthiness or financial condition of the Account Debtor to be
          unsatisfactory; (9) of any Account Debtor who has filed or has had
          filed against it a petition in bankruptcy or an application for relief
          under any provision of any state or federal bankruptcy, insolvency, or
          debtor-in-relief acts; or who has had appointed a trustee, custodian,
          or receiver for the assets of such Account Debtor; or who has made an
          assignment for the benefit of creditors or has become insolvent or
          fails generally to pay its debts (including its payrolls) as such
          debts become due; (10) with respect to which the Account Debtor is the
          United States government or any department or agency of the United
          States; (11) which have not been paid in full within ninety (90) days
          from the invoice date; and (12) due from any one Account Debtor to the
          extent such Accounts constitute more than 25% of all Eligible
          Accounts. In no event will the balance of any Account of any single
          Account Debtor be eligible whenever the portion of the Account which
          has not been paid within ninety (90) days from the invoice date is in
          excess of 10% of the total amount outstanding on the Account.

     2.9  "Eligible Inventory" means, at any time, all of the Borrower's
          Inventory except: (1) Inventory which is not owned by the Borrower
          free and clear of all security interests, liens, encumbrances, and
          claims of third parties; (2) Inventory which the Bank, in its sole
          discretion, deems to be obsolete, unsalable, damaged, defective, or
          unfit for further processing; and (3) Work in process.

     2.10 "Inventory" means all of the Borrower's raw materials, work in
          process, finished goods, merchandise, parts and supplies, of every
          kind and description, and goods held for sale or lease or furnished
          under contracts of service in which the Borrower now has or hereafter
          acquires any right, whether held by the Borrower or others, and all
          documents of title, warehouse receipts, bills of lading, and all other
          documents of every type covering all or any part of the foregoing.
          Inventory includes inventory temporarily out of the Borrower's custody
          or possession and all returns on Accounts.

     2.11 "Intangible Assets" means the aggregate amount of all assets
          classified as intangible assets under generally accepted accounting
          principles, including, without limitation, goodwill, trademarks,
          patents, copyrights, organization expenses, franchises, licenses,
          trade names, brand names, mailing lists, catalogs, excess of cost over
          book value of assets acquired, and bond discount and underwriting
          expenses.

     2.12 "Tangible Capital Funds" means Tangible Net Worth plus Subordinated
          Debt.

     2.13 "Tangible Net Worth" means total assets less the sum of Intangible
          Assets, and total liabilities.

     2.14 "Subordinated Debt" means debt subordinated to the Bank in manner and
          by agreement satisfactory to the Bank.

3.   Conditions Precedent.

     3.1  Conditions Precedent to Initial Extension of Credit. Before the first
          extension of credit governed by this agreement, whether by
          disbursement of a loan, issuance of a letter of credit, or otherwise,
          the Borrower shall deliver to the Bank, in form and substance
          satisfactory to the Bank:

          A.   Loan Documents. The Notes, and as applicable, the letter of
          credit applications, the security agreements, the pledge agreements,
          financing statements, mortgages or deeds of trust, the guaranties, the
          subordination agreements, and

                                       2

<PAGE>

          any other loan documents which the Bank may reasonably require to give
          effect to the transactions described in this agreement;

          B.   Evidence of Due Organization and Good Standing. Evidence,
          satisfactory to the Bank, of the due organization and good standing of
          the Borrower and every other business entity that is a party to this
          agreement or any other loan document required by this agreement; and

          C.   Evidence of Authority to Enter into Loan Documents. Evidence that
          (i) each party to this agreement and any other loan document required
          by this agreement is authorized to enter into the transactions
          described in this agreement and the other loan documents, and (ii) the
          person signing on behalf of each such party is authorized to do.

     3.2  Conditions Precedent to Each Extension of Credit. Before any extension
          of credit governed by this agreement, whether by disbursement of a
          loan, issuance of a letter of credit or otherwise, the following
          conditions must be satisfied:

          A.   Representations. The representations of the Borrower are true on
          and as of the date of the extension of credit;

          B.   No Event of Default. No default has occurred in any provision of
          this agreement and is continuing or would result from the extension of
          credit, and no event has occurred which would constitute the
          occurrence of any default but for the lapse of time until the end of
          any grace or cure period; and

          C.   Additional Approvals, Opinions, and Documents. The Bank has
          received any other approvals, opinions and documents as it may
          reasonably request.

4.   Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower shall:

     4.1  Insurance. Maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable
          insurers covering its properties and business against those casualties
          and contingencies and in the types and amounts as are in accordance
          with sound business and industry practices.

     4.2  Existence. Maintain its existence and business operations as presently
          in effect in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, pay
          its debts and obligations when due under normal terms, and pay on or
          before their due date, all taxes, assessments, fees and other
          governmental monetary obligations, except as they may be contested in
          good faith if they have been properly reflected on its books and, at
          the Bank's request, adequate funds or security has been pledged to
          insure payment.

     4.3  Financial Records. Maintain proper books and records of account, in
          accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
          consistent with financial statements previously submitted to the Bank.

     4.4  Inspection. Permit the Bank to inspect and copy the Borrower's
          business records at such times and at such intervals as the Bank may
          reasonably require, and to discuss the Borrower's business,
          operations, and financial condition with the Borrower's officers and
          accountants.

     4.5  Financial Reports. Furnish to the Bank whatever information, books and
          records the Bank may reasonably request, including at a minimum:

          A.   Within sixty (60) days after each quarterly period, a balance
          sheet as of the end of that period and statements of income, cash flow
          and retained earnings, from the beginning of that fiscal year to the
          end of that period, certified as correct by one of its authorized
          agents.

          B.   Within one hundred and twenty (120) days after and as of the end
          of each of its fiscal years, a detailed financial statement including
          a balance sheet and statements of income, cash flow and retained
          earnings, such financial statement, to be prepared internally and
          being in a form reasonably acceptable to the Bank.

          C.   Within thirty (30) days after and as of the end of each calendar
          month, the following lists, each certified as correct by one of its
          authorized agents:

               (1)   a list of accounts receivable, aged from date of invoice,
                     and
               (2)   a list of inventory, valued at the lower of cost or market.

                                       3

<PAGE>

          D.   Within thirty (30) days after each monthly period, the Borrower
          shall deliver to the Bank a borrowing base certificate, in form and
          detail satisfactory to the Bank, along with such supporting
          documentation as the Bank may request.

          E.   Within one hundred and twenty (120) days after and as of the end
          of each fiscal year of Mace Security International, Inc. ("MSII"), a
          detailed financial statement of MSII, including a balance sheet and
          statements of income, cash flow and retained earnings, such financial
          statements to be audited by an independent certified public accountant
          of recognized standing acceptable to the Bank in the Bank's sole
          discretion.

          F.   Via either the EDGAR System or its Home Page of MSII, within
          sixty (60) days after the filing of MSII's Quarterly Report on Form
          10-Q for the fiscal quarter then ended with the Securities and
          Exchange Commission, copies of the financial statements for such
          fiscal quarter as contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
          and, as soon as it shall become available, a quarterly report to
          shareholders of MSII. for the fiscal quarter than ended.

          G.   Via either the EDGAR System or its Home Page of MSII, promptly
          after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and
          other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by MSII or
          any subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
          governmental authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of
          said Commission.

          If for any reason the EDGAR System and/or its Home Page are not
          available to MSII as is required for making available the financial
          statements or reports referred to above, MSII shall then furnish a
          copy of such financial statements or reports to the Bank.

          For the purposes of this section, "EDGAR System" means the Electronic
          Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System owned and operated by the
          United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any replacement
          system, and "Home Page" means MSII's corporate home page on the World
          Wide Web accessible through the Internet via the universal resource
          locator (URL) identified as
          "www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/webusers.htm" or such other universal
          resource locator that MSII shall designate in writing to the Bank as
          its corporate home page on the World Wide Web.

     4.6  Notices of Claims, Litigation, Defaults, etc. Promptly inform the Bank
          in writing of (1) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims,
          investigations, administrative proceedings and similar actions
          affecting the Borrower which could materially affect the financial
          condition of the Borrower; (2) the occurrence of any event which gives
          rise to the Bank's option to terminate the Credit Facilities; (3) the
          institution of steps by the Borrower to withdraw from, or the
          institution of any steps to terminate, any employee benefit plan as to
          which the Borrower may have liability; (4) any additions to or changes
          in the locations of the Borrower's businesses; and (5) any alleged
          breach of any provision of this agreement or of any other agreement
          related to the Credit Facilities by the Bank.

     4.7  Additional Information. Furnish such additional information and
          statements, as the Bank may request, from time to time.

     4.8  Insurance Reports. Furnish to the Bank, upon request of the Bank,
          reports on each existing insurance policy showing such information as
          the Bank may reasonably request.

     4.9  Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other
          agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between the Borrower
          and any other party.

     4.10 Title to Assets and Property. Maintain good and marketable title to
          all of the Borrower's assets and properties.

     4.11 Additional Assurances. Make, execute and deliver to the Bank such
          other agreements as the Bank may reasonably request to evidence the
          Credit Facilities and to perfect any security interests.

     4.12 Employee Benefit Plans. Maintain each employee benefit plan as to
          which the Borrower may have any liability, in compliance with all
          applicable requirements of law and regulations.

     4.13 Compliance Certificates. Provide the Bank, within sixty (60) days
          after the end of each fiscal quarter, with a certificate executed by
          the Borrower's chief financial officer, or other officer or a person
          acceptable to the Bank, certifying that, as of the date of the
          certificate, no default exists under any provision of this agreement.

                                       4

<PAGE>

     4.14 Compliance Certificates. Provide the Bank, within one hundred and
          twenty (120) days after the end of each year, with a certificate
          executed by the Borrower's chief financial officer, or other officer
          or a person acceptable to the Bank, certifying that, as of the date of
          the certificate, no default exists under any provision of this
          agreement.

5.   Negative Covenants.

     5.1  Unless otherwise noted, the financial requirements set forth in this
          section will be computed in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles applied on a basis consistent with financial
          statements previously submitted by the Borrower to the Bank.

     5.2  Without the written consent of the Bank, the Borrower will not:

          A.   Debt. Incur, or permit to remain outstanding, debt for borrowed
          money or installment obligations, except debt reflected in the latest
          financial statement of the Borrower furnished to the Bank prior to
          execution of this agreement and not to be paid with proceeds of
          borrowings under the Credit Facilities. For purposes of this covenant,
          the sale of any account receivable is the incurring of debt for
          borrowed money.

          B.   Guaranties. Guarantee or otherwise become or remain secondarily
          liable on the undertaking of another, except for endorsement of drafts
          for deposit and collection in the ordinary course of business.

          C.   Liens. Create or permit to exist any lien on any of its property,
          real or personal, except: existing liens known to the Bank; liens to
          the Bank; liens incurred in the ordinary course of business securing
          current nondelinquent liabilities for taxes, worker's compensation,
          unemployment insurance, social security and pension liabilities.

          D.   Use of Proceeds. Use, or permit any proceeds of the Credit
          Facilities to be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of
          "purchasing or carrying any margin stock" within the meaning of
          Federal Reserve Board Regulation U. At the Bank's request, the
          Borrower will furnish a completed Federal Reserve Board Form U-1.

          E.   Continuity of Operations. (1) Engage in any business activities
          substantially different from those in which the Borrower is presently
          engaged; (2) cease operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or
          consolidate with any other entity, change its name, dissolve, or sell
          any assets out of the ordinary course of business; or (3) enter into
          any arrangement with any person providing for the leasing by the
          Borrower to any subsidiary of real or personal property which has been
          sold or transferred by the Borrower or subsidiary to such person.

          F.   Limitation on Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into any agreement
          with any person other than the Bank which prohibits or limits the
          ability of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries to create or permit
          to exist any lien on any of its property, assets or revenues, whether
          now owned or hereafter acquired.

          G.   Conflicting Agreements. Enter into any agreement containing any
          provision which would be violated or breached by the performance of
          the Borrower's obligations under this agreement.

          H.   Transfer of Ownership. Permit any pledge of any ownership
          interest in the Borrower, or any sale or other transfer of any
          ownership interest in the Borrower.

          I.   Leverage Ratio. Permit as of each fiscal quarter end, MSII's
          ratio of total liabilities, less Subordinated Debt, to Tangible
          Capital Funds, to be greater than 2.00 to 1.00.

          J.   Debt Service Coverage Ratio. Permit as of each fiscal quarter
          end, MSII's ratio of net income, plus amortization and depreciation,
          plus interest expense, plus income taxes for the preceding full twelve
          month period to current maturities of long term debt, plus current
          maturities of long term leases, plus interest expense, for the same
          such period, to be less than 1.25 to 1.00.

6.   Representations.

     6.1  Representations by the Borrower. Each Borrower represents that: (a)
          the execution and delivery of this agreement and the Notes, and the
          performance of the obligations they impose, do not violate any law,
          conflict with any agreement by which it is bound, or require the
          consent or approval of any governmental authority or other third
          party, (b) this agreement and the Notes are valid and binding
          agreements, enforceable according to their terms, (c) all balance
          sheets, profit and loss statements, and other financial statements and
          other information furnished to the Bank in connection with the
          Liabilities are accurate and fairly reflect the financial condition of
          the organizations and persons to which they apply on their effective
          dates, including contingent liabilities of every type, which financial
          condition has not changed

                                       5

<PAGE>

          materially and adversely since those dates, (d) no litigation, claim,
          investigation, administrative proceeding or similar action (including
          those for unpaid taxes) against the Borrower is pending or threatened,
          except as disclosed in the company's 10K and 10Q reports and no other
          event has occurred which may in any one case or in the aggregate
          materially adversely affect the Borrower's financial condition and
          properties, other than litigation, claims, or other events, if any,
          that have been disclosed to and acknowledged by the Bank in writing,
          (e) all of the Borrower's tax returns and reports that are or were
          required to be filed, have been filed, and all taxes, assessments and
          other governmental charges have been paid in full, except those
          presently being contested by the Borrower in good faith and for which
          adequate reserves have been provided, (f) the Borrower is not a
          "holding company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment
          company", within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
          amended, (g) the Borrower is not a "holding company", or a "subsidiary
          company" of a "holding company" or an "affiliate" of a "holding
          company" or of a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company" within
          the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as
          amended, (h) there are no defenses or counterclaims, offsets or
          adverse claims, demands or actions of any kind, personal or otherwise,
          that the Borrower could assert with respect to this agreement or the
          Credit Facilities, (i) the Borrower owns, or is licensed to use, all
          trademarks, trade names, copyrights, technology, know-how and
          processes necessary for the conduct of its business as currently
          conducted, and (j) no part of the proceeds of the Credit Facilities
          will be used for "purchasing" or "carrying" any "margin stock" within
          the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U
          of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United
          States (the "Board") as now and from time to time hereafter in effect
          or for any purpose which violates the provisions of any regulations of
          the Board. Each Borrower, other than a natural person, further
          represents that: (a) it is duly organized, existing and in good
          standing pursuant to the laws under which it is organized, and (b) the
          execution and delivery of this agreement and the Notes and the
          performance of the obligations they impose (i) are within its powers,
          (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary action of its
          governing body, and (iii) do not contravene the terms of its articles
          of incorporation or organization, its by-laws, or any partnership,
          operating or other agreement governing its affairs.

     6.2  Representations Regarding Assets. With respect to any asset of the
          Borrower utilized in the calculation of the Borrowing Base set forth
          in this agreement, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank:
          (1) each asset represented by the Borrower to be eligible for
          Borrowing Base purposes of this agreement conforms to the eligibility
          definitions set forth in this agreement (2) all asset values delivered
          to the Bank will be true and correct, subject to immaterial variance;
          and be determined on a consistent accounting basis; (3) except as
          agreed to the contrary by the Bank in writing, each asset is now and
          at all times hereafter will be in the Borrower's physical possession
          and shall not be held by others on consignment, sale or approval, or
          sale or return; (4) except as reflected in schedules delivered to the
          Bank, each asset is now and at all times hereafter will be of good and
          merchantable quality, free from defects; (5) each asset is not now and
          will not at any time hereafter be stored with a bailee, warehouseman,
          or similar party without the Bank's prior written consent, and in such
          event, the Borrower will concurrently at the time of bailment cause
          any such bailee, warehouseman, or similar party to issue and deliver
          to the Bank, warehouseman receipts in the Bank's name evidencing the
          storage of the assets; and (6) the Bank, its assigns, or agents shall
          have the right at any time and at the Borrower's expense to inspect,
          examine and audit the Borrower's records, and if Accounts are included
          in the calculation of Borrowing Base, confirm with Account Debtors the
          accuracy of such Accounts, and inspect and examine the assets and to
          check and test the same as to quality, quantity, value, and condition.

7.   Default/Remedies. If any of the Credit Facilities are not paid at maturity,
     whether by acceleration or otherwise, or if a default by anyone occurs
     under the terms of this agreement, the Notes or any agreement related to
     the Credit Facilities, then the Bank shall have all of the rights and
     remedies provided by any law or agreement.

8.   Miscellaneous.

     8.1  Notice. Any notices and demands under or related to this document
          shall be in writing and delivered to the intended party at its address
          stated herein, and if to the Bank, at its main office if no other
          address of the Bank is specified herein, by one of the following
          means: (a) by hand, (b) by a nationally recognized overnight courier
          service, or (c) by certified mail, postage prepaid, with return
          receipt requested. Notice shall be deemed given: (a) upon receipt if
          delivered by hand, (b) on the Delivery Day after the day of deposit
          with a nationally recognized courier service, or (c) on the third
          Delivery Day after the notice is deposited in the mail. "Delivery Day"
          means a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which
          national banking associations are authorized to be closed. Any party
          may change its address for purposes of the receipt of notices and
          demands by giving notice of such change in the manner provided in this
          provision.

     8.2  No Waiver. No delay on the part of the Bank in the exercise of any
          right or remedy waives that right or remedy. No single or partial
          exercise by the Bank of any right or remedy precludes any other future
          exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or remedy. No waiver
          or indulgence by the Bank of any default is effective unless it is in
          writing and signed by the Bank, nor shall a waiver on one occasion bar
          or waive that right on any future occasion.

                                       6

<PAGE>

     8.3  Integration. This agreement, the Notes, and any agreement related to
          the Credit Facilities embody the entire agreement and understanding
          between the Borrower and the Bank and supersede all prior agreements
          and understandings relating to their subject matter. If any one or
          more of the obligations of the Borrower under this agreement or the
          Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the
          validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining obligations of
          the Borrower shall not in any way be affected or impaired, and the
          invalidity, illegality or unenforceability in one jurisdiction shall
          not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the obligations
          of the Borrower under this agreement or the Notes in any other
          jurisdiction.

     8.4  Joint and Several Liability. Each Borrower, if more than one, is
          jointly and severally liable.

     8.5  Governing Law and Venue. This agreement is delivered in the State of
          Texas and governed by Texas law (without giving effect to its laws of
          conflicts). The Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding
          with respect to any of its obligations under this agreement may be
          brought by the Bank in any state or federal court located in the State
          of Texas, as the Bank in its sole discretion may elect. By the
          execution and delivery of this agreement, the Borrower submits to and
          accepts, for itself and in respect of its property, generally and
          unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. The
          Borrower waives any claim that the State of Texas is not a convenient
          forum or the proper venue for any such suit, action or proceeding.

     8.6  Captions. Section headings are for convenience of reference only and
          do not affect the interpretation of this agreement.

     8.7  Subsidiaries and Affiliates of the Borrower. To the extent the context
          of any provisions of this agreement makes it appropriate, including
          without limitation any representation, warranty or covenant, the word
          "Borrower" as used in this agreement shall include all of the
          Borrower's subsidiaries and affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
          however, under no circumstances shall this agreement be construed to
          require the Bank to make any loan or other financial accommodation to
          any of the Borrower's subsidiaries or affiliates.

     8.8  Survival of Representations and Warranties. The Borrower understands
          and agrees that in extending the Credit Facilities, the Bank is
          relying on all representations, warranties, and covenants made by the
          Borrower in this agreement or in any certificate or other instrument
          delivered by the Borrower to the Bank under this agreement. The
          Borrower further agrees that regardless of any investigation made by
          the Bank, all such representations, warranties and covenants will
          survive the making of the Credit Facilities and delivery to the Bank
          of this agreement, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain in
          full force and effect until such time as the Borrower's indebtedness
          to the Bank shall be paid in full.

     8.9  Non-Liability of the Bank. The relationship between the Borrower and
          the Bank created by this agreement is strictly a debtor and creditor
          relationship and not fiduciary in nature, nor is the relationship to
          be construed as creating any partnership or joint venture between the
          Bank and the Borrower. The Borrower is exercising the Borrower's own
          judgement with respect to the Borrower's business. All information
          supplied to the Bank is for the Bank's protection only and no other
          party is entitled to rely on such information. There is no duty for
          Bank to review, inspect, supervise or inform the Borrower of any
          matter with respect to the Borrower's business. The Bank and the
          Borrower intend that the Bank may reasonably rely on all information
          supplied by the Borrower to the Bank, together with all
          representations and warranties given by the Borrower to the Bank,
          without investigation or confirmation by the Bank and that any
          investigation or failure to investigate will not diminish the Bank's
          right to so rely.

     8.10 Indemnification of the Bank. The Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend
          and hold the Bank and BANK ONE CORPORATION, or any of its subsidiaries
          or affiliates or their successors, and each of their respective
          shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively,
          the "Indemnified Persons") harmless from any and all obligations,
          claims, liabilities, losses, damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures,
          actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any
          kind or nature (including, without limitation, any Indemnified
          Person's attorneys' fees) (collectively, the "Claims") which may be
          imposed upon, incurred by or assessed against any Indemnified Person
          (whether or not caused by any Indemnified Person's sole, concurrent,
          or contributory negligence) arising out of or relating to this
          agreement; the exercise of the rights and remedies granted under this
          agreement (including, without limitation, the enforcement of this
          agreement and the defense of any Indemnified Person's action or
          inaction in connection with this agreement); and in connection with
          the Borrower's failure to perform all of the Borrower's obligations
          under this agreement, except to the limited extent that the Claims
          against any such Indemnified Person are proximately caused by such
          Indemnified Person's willful misconduct. The indemnification provided
          for in this section shall survive the termination of this agreement
          and shall extend to and continue to benefit each individual or entity
          who is or has at any time been an Indemnified Person.

                                       7

<PAGE>

          The Borrower's indemnity obligations under this section shall not in
          any way be affected by the presence or absence of covering insurance,
          or by the amount of such insurance or by the failure or refusal of any
          insurance carrier to perform any obligation on its part under any
          insurance policy or policies affecting the Borrower's assets or the
          Borrower's business activities. Should any Claim be made or brought
          against any Indemnified Person by reason of any event as to which the
          Borrower's indemnification obligations apply, then, upon any
          Indemnified Person's demand, the Borrower, at its sole cost and
          expense, shall defend such Claim in the Borrower's name, if necessary,
          by the attorneys for the Borrower's insurance carrier (if such Claim
          is covered by insurance), or otherwise by such attorneys as any
          Indemnified Person shall approve. Any Indemnified Person may also
          engage its own attorneys at its reasonable discretion to defend the
          Borrower and to assist in its defense and the Borrower agrees to pay
          the fees and disbursements of such attorneys.

          WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, IT IS THE INTENTION OF BORROWER
          AND BORROWER AGREES THAT THE FOREGOING INDEMNITIES SHALL APPLY TO EACH
          INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES,
          LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS'
          FEES), DEMANDS, LIABILITIES, PENALTIES, FINES AND FORFEITURES WHICH IN
          WHOLE OR IN PART ARE CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF THE NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH
          (AND/OR ANY OTHER) INDEMNIFIED PERSON.

     8.11 Counterparts. This agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts,
          each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all
          such counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
          agreement.

     8.12 Sole Discretion of the Bank. Whenever the Bank's consent or approval
          is required under this agreement, the decision as to whether or not to
          consent or approve shall be in the sole and exclusive discretion of
          the Bank and the Bank's decision shall be final and conclusive.

     8.13 Advice of Counsel. The Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised
          by counsel, or had the opportunity to be advised by counsel, in the
          negotiation, execution and delivery of this agreement and any
          documents executed and delivered in connection with the Credit
          Facilities.

     8.14 Recovery of Additional Costs. If the imposition of or any change in
          any law, rule, regulation, or guideline, or the interpretation or
          application of any thereof by any court or administrative or
          governmental authority (including any request or policy not having the
          force of law) shall impose, modify, or make applicable any taxes
          (except federal, state, or local income or franchise taxes imposed on
          the Bank), reserve requirements, capital adequacy requirements, or
          other obligations which would (A) increase the cost to the Bank for
          extending or maintaining the Credit Facilities, (B) reduce the amounts
          payable to the Bank under the Credit Facilities, or (C) reduce the
          rate of return on the Bank's capital as a consequence of the Bank's
          obligations with respect to the Credit Facilities, then the Borrower
          agrees to pay the Bank such additional amounts as will compensate the
          Bank therefor, within five (5) days after the Bank's written demand
          for such payment. The Bank's demand shall be accompanied by an
          explanation of such imposition or charge and a calculation in
          reasonable detail of the additional amounts payable by the Borrower,
          which explanation and calculations shall be conclusive in the absence
          of manifest error.

     8.15 Conflicting Terms. If this agreement is inconsistent with any
          provision in any agreement related to the Credit Facilities, the Bank
          shall determine, in the Bank's sole and absolute discretion, which of
          the provisions shall control any such inconsistency.

     8.16 Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Bank for all its
          out-of-pocket costs and expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees
          incurred in connection with the development, preparation and execution
          of, and in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any
          rights under, this agreement, any amendment, supplement, or
          modification thereto, and any other documents prepared in connection
          herewith or therewith. These costs and expenses include without
          limitation any costs or expenses incurred by the Bank in any
          bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar proceeding.

9.   WAIVER OF SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE BORROWER WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT
     PROHIBITED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT THE UNDERSIGNED MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER
     FROM THE BANK IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
     PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

                 [THIS SPACE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       8

<PAGE>

10.  JURY WAIVER. THE BORROWER AND THE BANK HEREBY VOLUNTARILY, KNOWINGLY,
     IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE
     IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE)
     BETWEEN THE BORROWER AND THE BANK ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO
     THIS DOCUMENT. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE BANK TO
     PROVIDE THE FINANCING DESCRIBED HEREIN.


Dated:December 15, 2002

Address(es) for Notices:               Borrower:

1000 Crawford  Place, Suite 400         Mace Security Products, Inc.
Mount Laurel, NJ 08054

Attn: Gregory M. Krzemien              By: /s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
     -----------------------------        -------------------------------------
                                           Gregory M. Krzemien         Treasurer
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Printed Name                    Title


                                       Date: 12/12/02
                                            ------------------------------------


Address for Notices:                   Bank:

1301 S. Bowen Rd.                      Bank One, NA, with its main office in
Arlington, TX 76013                    Chicago, IL

Attn: Mark Warren                      By: /s/ Mark Warren
     -----------------------------        --------------------------------------
                                          Mark Warren
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Printed Name                     Title

                                       Date: 12/15/02
                                            ------------------------------------

                                        9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.147
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex10147.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT DATED FEBRUARY 21, 2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.147

[LOGO] BANK ONE.                                   Amendment to Credit Agreement

This agreement is made and entered into on February 21, 2003, to be effective as
of February 21, 2003 by and between EAGER BEAVER CAR WASH, INC. (if more than
one, jointly and severally, the "Borrower") and Bank One, NA, with its main
office in Chicago, IL (the "Bank"), and its successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Bank entered into a Loan Agreement dated November
28, 2000, as amended (if applicable) (the "Credit Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed to amend the Credit
Agreement as set forth below;

NOW, THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.  DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning
    ascribed in the Credit Agreement.

2.  MODIFICATION OF CREDIT AGREEMENT. The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as
    follows:

    2.1  From and after February 21, 2003, the third paragraph of the provision
         captioned in the Loan Agreement 3. 13 Debt Service Coverage Ratio is
         hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

         Guarantor. Borrower covenants and agrees with Bank that while this Loan
         Agreement is in effect, Borrower will cause Mace Security
         International, Inc. ("Guarantor") to comply with the following:
         Maintain, as of the end of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of (a) net
         income, plus amortization, depreciation, interest expense, plus income
         taxes, for the preceding full twelve month period, to (b) current
         maturities of long term debt, plus current maturities of long term
         leases, plus interest expense for the same such twelve month period, to
         be less than the following ratios for the following periods: for the
         period ending December 31, 2002, 1.20 to 1.00, for the periods ending
         March 31, 2003, June 30, 2003 and September 30, 2003, 1.10 to 1.00 and
         for the period ending December 31, 2003 and thereafter, 1.20 to 1.00.
         All computations made to determine compliance with the requirements
         contained in this paragraph shall be made in accordance with generally
         accepted accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis.

3.  RATIFICATION. The Borrower ratifies and reaffirms the Credit Agreement and
    the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as modified
    herein.

4.  BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and
    warrants that (a) the representations and warranties contained in the Credit
    Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of
    this agreement, (b) no condition, act or event which could constitute an
    event of default under the Credit Agreement or any promissory note or credit
    facility executed in reference to the Credit Agreement exists, and (c) no
    condition, event, act or omission has occurred, which, with the giving of
    notice or passage of time, would constitute an event of default under the
    Credit Agreement or any promissory note or credit facility executed in
    reference to the Credit Agreement.

5.  FEES AND EXPENSES. The Borrower agrees to pay all fees and out-of-pocket
    disbursements incurred by the Bank in connection with this agreement,
    including legal fees incurred by the Bank in the preparation, consummation,
    administration and enforcement of this agreement.

6.  EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. This agreement shall become effective only after it
    is fully executed by the Borrower and the Bank.

7.  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF BORROWER. The Borrower acknowledges that as of the date
    of this agreement it has no offsets with respect to all amounts owed by the
    Borrower to the Bank arising under or related to the Credit Agreement on or
    prior to the date of this agreement. The Borrower fully, finally and forever
    releases and discharges the Bank and its successors, assigns, directors,
    officers, employees, agents and representatives from any and all claims,
    causes of action, debts and liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, in law
    or in equity, of the Borrower, whether now known or unknown to the Borrower,
    which may have arisen in connection with the Credit Agreement or the actions
    or omissions of the Bank related to the Credit Agreement on or prior to the
    date hereof. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that this agreement is
    limited to the terms outlined above, and shall not be construed as an
    agreement to change any other terms or provisions of the Credit

<PAGE>

    Agreement. This agreement shall not establish a course of dealing or be
    construed as evidence of any willingness on the Bank's part to grant other
    or future agreements, should any be requested.

8.  NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a novation.
    Except for the above-quoted modification(s), the Credit Agreement, any loan
    agreements, credit agreements, reimbursement agreements, security
    agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledge agreements, assignments,
    guaranties, instruments or documents executed in connection with the Credit
    Agreement, and all the terms and conditions thereof, shall be and remain in
    full force and effect with the changes herein deemed to be incorporated
    therein. This agreement is to be considered attached to the Credit Agreement
    and made a part thereof. This agreement shall not release or affect the
    liability of any guarantor of any promissory note or credit facility
    executed in reference to the Credit Agreement or release any owner of
    collateral granted as security for the Credit Agreement. The validity,
    priority and enforceability of the Credit Agreement shall not be impaired
    hereby. To the extent that any provision of this agreement conflicts with
    any term or condition set forth in the Credit Agreement, or any document
    executed in conjunction therewith, the provisions of this agreement shall
    supersede and control. The Bank expressly reserves all rights against all
    parties to the Credit Agreement.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Bank:                                                             Borrower:
<S>                                                                <C>
 Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL                 EAGER BEAVER CAR WASH, INC.

 By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren                                           By:  /s/ Robert M. Kramer
      --------------------------------------------------------          ----------------------------------------------------------
      Mark W. Warren                     First Vice President           Robert M. Kramer                                Secretary
      --------------------------------------------------------          ----------------------------------------------------------
      Printed Name                                      Title           Printed Name                                        Title
</TABLE>

                                        2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.148
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex10148.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NOTE OF MODIFICATION AGREEMENT DATED FEBRUARY 21, 2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.148

[LOGO] BANK ONE.                                     Note Modification Agreement

This agreement is made and entered into on February 21, 2003 (the "Agreement
Date"), to be effective as of February 21, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and
between Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc. alone, and its successors (the
"Borrower") and Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL (the "Bank").

WHEREAS, the Borrower executed a Promissory Note as evidence of indebtedness in
the original face amount of Four Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars
($400,000.00), dated February 21, 2000 owing by the Borrower to the Bank, as
same may have been amended or modified from time to time (the "Note"), which
Note has at all times been, and is now, continuously and without interruption
outstanding in favor of the Bank; and,

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed that the Note be
modified to the limited extent as hereinafter set forth;

NOW THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.   ACCURACY OF RECITALS. The Borrower acknowledges the accuracy of the
     Recitals stated above.

2.   MODIFICATION OF NOTE.

         2.1 From and after the Effective Date, the first sentence of the
provision with the heading captioned "PAYMENT" is hereby amended to read as
follows:

         This Note shall be payable as follows: The principal of and interest on
this Note shall be due and payable in monthly installments, commencing on March
21, 2000, and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter, with one
final installment in the amount of the principal balance then outstanding,
together with all accrued but unpaid interest, being due and payable on February
21, 2008. The amount of the initial monthly installments shall be $4,057.07
each. On March 21, 2003, the amount of the monthly installments shall be reduced
to $3,219.16. On March 21st of each year during the term of this Note beginning
in 2004 (each, an "Anniversary Date"), the amount of the monthly installments of
principal and interest thereafter due and payable shall be adjusted to an amount
sufficient to amortize the unpaid principal balance on such Anniversary Date
(after giving effect to any payment due on such date), at the interest rate then
in effect, in equal monthly installments of principal and interest over an
assumed term which begins on such date and ends on February 21, 2015; provided,
however, that in no event shall any monthly payment be less than the amount of
accrued but unpaid interest under this Note as of such payment due date.

         2.2 Each of the Related Documents is modified to provide that it shall
be a default or an event of default thereunder if the Borrower shall fail to
comply with any of the covenants of the Borrower herein or if any representation
or warranty by the Borrower or by any guarantor herein is materially incomplete,
incorrect, or misleading as of the date hereof. As used in this agreement, the
"Related Documents" shall include the Note and all loan agreements, credit
agreements, reimbursement agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of
trust, pledge agreements, assignments, guaranties, or any other instrument or
document executed in connection with the Note or in connection with any other
obligations of the Borrower to the Bank.

         2.3 Each reference in the Related Documents to any of the Related
Documents shall be a reference to such document as modified herein.

3. RATIFICATION OF RELATED DOCUMENTS AND COLLATERAL. The Related Documents are
ratified and reaffirmed by the Borrower and shall remain in full force and
effect as they may be modified herein. All real or personal property described
as security in the Related Documents shall remain as security for the Note and
the obligations of the Borrower in the Related Documents.

4. BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and warrants
to the Bank:

         4.1 No default or event of default under any of the Related Documents
as modified hereby, nor any event, that, with the giving of notice or the
passage of time or both, would be a default or an event of default under the
Related Documents as modified herein has occurred and is continuing.

         4.2 There has been no material adverse change in the financial
conditions of the Borrower or any other person whose financial statement has
been delivered to the Bank in connection with the Note from the most recent
financial statement received by the Bank.

<PAGE>

         4.3 Each and all representations and warranties of the Borrower in the
Related Documents are accurate on the date hereof.

         4.4 The Borrower has no claims, counterclaims, defenses, or setoffs
with respect to the loan evidenced by the Note or with respect to the Related
Documents as modified herein.

         4.5 The Note and the Related Documents as modified herein are the
legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the
Borrower in accordance with their terms.

         4.6 The Borrower, other than any Borrower who is a natural person, is
validly existing under the laws of the State of its formation or organization.
The Borrower has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this
agreement and to perform the obligations described in the Related Documents as
modified herein. The execution and delivery of this agreement and the
performance of the obligations described in the Related Documents as modified
herein have been duly authorized by all requisite action by or on behalf of the
Borrower. This agreement has been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of
the Borrower.

5. BORROWER COVENANTS. The Borrower covenants with the Bank:

         5.1 The Borrower shall execute, deliver, and provide to the Bank such
additional agreements, documents, and instruments as reasonably required by the
Bank to effectuate the intent of this agreement.

         5.2 The Borrower fully, finally, and forever releases and discharges
the Bank and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents,
and representatives from any and all causes of action, claims, debts, demands,
and liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, in law or equity, of the Borrower,
whether now known or unknown to the Borrower, (i) in respect of the loan
evidenced by the Note and the Related Documents, or of the actions or omissions
of the Bank in any manner related to the loan evidenced by the Note or the
Related Documents and (ii) arising from events occurring prior to the date of
this agreement.

         5.3 The Borrower shall pay to the Bank:

              5.3.1 All the internal and external costs and expenses incurred by
the Bank in connection with this agreement (including, without limitation,
inside and outside attorneys, appraisal, appraisal review, processing, title,
filing, and recording costs, expenses, and fees).

6. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF AGREEMENT BY THE BANK. The Bank shall not be bound
by this agreement until (i) the Bank has executed this agreement and (ii) the
Borrower has performed all of the obligations of the Borrower under this
agreement to be performed contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of
this agreement.

7. INTEGRATION, ENTIRE AGREEMENT, CHANGE, DISCHARGE, TERMINATION, OR WAIVER. The
Note and the Related Documents as modified herein contain the complete
understanding and agreement of the Borrower and the Bank in respect of the loan
and supersede all prior representations, warranties, agreements, arrangements,
understandings, and negotiations. No provision of the Note or the Related
Documents as modified herein may be changed, discharged, supplemented,
terminated, or waived except in a writing signed by the party against whom it is
being enforced.

8. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE. This agreement is delivered in the State of Texas
and governed by Texas law (without giving effect to its laws of conflicts). The
Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to any of its
obligations under the Note or this agreement may be brought by the Bank in any
state or federal court located in the State of Texas, as the Bank in its sole
discretion may elect. By the execution and delivery of this agreement, the
Borrower submits to and accepts, for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts.
The Borrower waives any claim that the State of Texas is not a convenient forum
or the proper venue for any such suit, action or proceeding. This agreement
binds the Borrower and its successors, and benefits the Bank, its successors and
assigns. The Borrower shall not, however, have the right to assign the
Borrower's rights under this agreement or any interest therein, without the
prior written consent of the Bank.

9. COUNTERPART EXECUTION. This agreement may be executed in multiple
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but
all such counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
agreement.

                 [THIS SPACE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                        2

<PAGE>

10. NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a novation. In
addition to all amounts hereafter due under the Note and the Related Documents
as they may be modified herein, all accrued interest evidenced by the Note being
modified by this agreement and all accrued amounts due and payable under the
Related Documents shall continue to be due and payable until paid. Except for
the above-quoted modification(s), the Note, any Related Documents, and all the
terms and conditions thereof, shall be and remain in full force and effect with
the changes herein deemed to be incorporated therein. This agreement is to be
considered attached to the Note and made a part thereof. This agreement shall
not release or affect the liability of any guarantor, surety or endorser of the
Note or release any owner of collateral securing the Note. The validity,
priority and enforceability of the Note shall not be impaired hereby. References
to the Related Documents and to other agreements shall not affect or impair the
absolute and unconditional obligation of the Borrower to pay the principal and
interest on the Note when due. The Bank reserves all rights against all parties
to the Note.

<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
                                            Borrower:

Address: 1000 Crawford Place Suite 400      Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.
         Mr. Laurel, NJ 08054-3932

                                            By:  /s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Gregory M. Krzemien                           Treasurer
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Printed Name                                      Title

BANK'S ACCEPTANCE

The foregoing agreement is hereby agreed to and acknowledged this 21/st/ day of
February, 2003.

                                            Bank:

                                            Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL

                                            By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Mark W. Warren                     First Vice President
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Printed Name                                      Title
</TABLE>

                                        3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.149
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex10149.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NOTE OF MODIFICATION AGREEMENT DATED FEBRUARY 21, 2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.149


[LOGO] BANK ONE.                                     Note Modification Agreement


This agreement is made and entered into on February 17, 2003 (the "Agreement
Date"), to be effective as of February 17, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and
between Mace Car Wash-Arizona, Inc. dba Genie Car Wash alone, and its successors
(the "Borrower") and Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL,
successor by merger to Bank One, Texas, National Association (the "Bank").

WHEREAS, the Borrower executed a Promissory Note as evidence of indebtedness in
the original face amount of Four Million Nine Hundred Thousand and 00/100
Dollars ($4,900,000.00), dated February 17, 2000 owing by the Borrower to the
Bank, as same may have been amended or modified from time to time (the "Note"),
which Note has at all times been, and is now, continuously and without
interruption outstanding in favor of the Bank; and,

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed that the Note be
modified to the limited extent as hereinafter set forth;

NOW THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.   ACCURACY OF RECITALS. The Borrower acknowledges the accuracy of the
Recitals stated above.

2.   MODIFICATION OF NOTE.

          2.1  From and after the Effective Date, a portion of the first
sentence of the Promissory Note is hereby amended to read as follows: "FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, on or before February 17, 2008 ("Maturity Date"),"

          2.2  The Maturity Date (as defined in the Note) is extended to
February 17, 2008. The fourth paragraph of the Note is amended and restated to
read as follows

          The principal of and all accrued but unpaid interest on this Note
          shall be due and payable in monthly installments, commencing on March
          17, 2000, and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter,
          with one final installment in the amount of the principal balance then
          outstanding, together with all accrued but unpaid interest, being due
          and payable on the Maturity Date. Each such payment shall be applied
          first to accrued but unpaid interest and then to principal. The amount
          of the initial monthly installments shall be $49,699.06 each. On March
          17, 2003, the amount of the monthly installments shall be reduced to
          $37,367.33. On March 17th of each year during the term of this Note
          beginning in 2004 (each, an "Anniversary Date"), the amount of the
          monthly installments of principal and interest thereafter due and
          payable shall be adjusted to an amount sufficient to amortize the
          unpaid principal balance on such Anniversary Date (after giving effect
          to any payment due on such date), at the interest rate then in effect,
          in equal monthly installments of principal and interest over an
          assumed term which begins on such date and ends on February 17, 2015;
          provided, however, that in no event shall any monthly payment be less
          than the amount of accrued but unpaid interest under this Note as of
          such payment due date.

          2.3  Each of the Related Documents is modified to provide that it
shall be a default or an event of default thereunder if the Borrower shall fail
to comply with any of the covenants of the Borrower herein or if any
representation or warranty by the Borrower or by any guarantor herein is
materially incomplete, incorrect, or misleading as of the date hereof. As used
in this agreement, the "Related Documents" shall include the Note and all loan
agreements, credit agreements, reimbursement agreements, security agreements,
mortgages, deeds of trust, pledge agreements, assignments, guaranties, or any
other instrument or document executed in connection with the Note or in
connection with any other obligations of the Borrower to the Bank.

          2.4  Each reference in the Related Documents to any of the Related
Documents shall be a reference to such document as modified herein.

3.   RATIFICATION OF RELATED DOCUMENTS AND COLLATERAL. The Related Documents are
ratified and reaffirmed by the Borrower and shall remain in full force and
effect as they may be modified herein. All real or personal property described
as security in the Related Documents shall remain as security for the Note and
the obligations of the Borrower in the Related Documents.

4.   BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and
warrants to the Bank:

<PAGE>

     4.1  No default or event of default under any of the Related Documents as
modified hereby, nor any event, that, with the giving of notice or the passage
of time or both, would be a default or an event of default under the Related
Documents as modified herein has occurred and is continuing.

     4.2  There has been no material adverse change in the financial conditions
of the Borrower or any other person whose financial statement has been delivered
to the Bank in connection with the Note from the most recent financial statement
received by the Bank.

     4.3  Each and all representations and warranties of the Borrower in the
Related Documents are accurate on the date hereof.

     4.4  The Borrower has no claims, counterclaims, defenses, or setoffs with
respect to the loan evidenced by the Note or with respect to the Related
Documents as modified herein.

     4.5  The Note and the Related Documents as modified herein are the legal,
valid, and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower
in accordance with their terms.

     4.6  The Borrower, other than any Borrower who is a natural person, is
validly existing under the laws of the State of its formation or organization.
The Borrower has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this
agreement and to perform the obligations described in the Related Documents as
modified herein. The execution and delivery of this agreement and the
performance of the obligations described in the Related Documents as modified
herein have been duly authorized by all requisite action by or on behalf of the
Borrower. This agreement has been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of
the Borrower.

5.   BORROWER COVENANTS. The Borrower covenants with the Bank:

     5.1 The Borrower shall execute, deliver, and provide to the Bank such
additional agreements, documents, and instruments as reasonably required by the
Bank to effectuate the intent of this agreement.

     5.2 The Borrower fully, finally, and forever releases and discharges the
Bank and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, and
representatives from any and all causes of action, claims, debts, demands, and
liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, in law or equity, of the Borrower,
whether now known or unknown to the Borrower, (i) in respect of the loan
evidenced by the Note and the Related Documents, or of the actions or omissions
of the Bank in any manner related to the loan evidenced by the Note or the
Related Documents and (ii) arising from events occurring prior to the date of
this agreement.

     5.3 The Borrower shall pay to the Bank:

                  5.3.1  All the internal and external costs and expenses
incurred by the Bank in connection with this agreement (including, without
limitation, inside and outside attorneys, appraisal, appraisal review,
processing, title, filing, and recording costs, expenses, and fees).

6.   EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF AGREEMENT BY THE BANK. The Bank shall not be
bound by this agreement until (i) the Bank has executed this agreement and (ii)
the Borrower has performed all of the obligations of the Borrower under this
agreement to be performed contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of
this agreement.

7.   INTEGRATION, ENTIRE AGREEMENT, CHANGE, DISCHARGE, TERMINATION, OR WAIVER.
The Note and the Related Documents as modified herein contain the complete
understanding and agreement of the Borrower and the Bank in respect of the loan
and supersede all prior representations, warranties, agreements, arrangements,
understandings, and negotiations. No provision of the Note or the Related
Documents as modified herein may be changed, discharged, supplemented,
terminated, or waived except in a writing signed by the party against whom it is
being enforced.

8.   GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE. This agreement is delivered in the State of Texas
and governed by Texas law (without giving effect to its laws of conflicts). The
Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to any of its
obligations under the Note or this agreement may be brought by the Bank in any
state or federal court located in the State of Texas, as the Bank in its sole
discretion may elect. By the execution and delivery of this agreement, the
Borrower submits to and accepts, for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts.
The Borrower waives any claim that the State of Texas is not a convenient forum
or the proper venue for any such suit, action or proceeding. This agreement
binds the Borrower and its successors, and benefits the Bank, its successors and
assigns. The Borrower shall not, however, have the right to assign the
Borrower's rights under this agreement or any interest therein, without the
prior written consent of the Bank.

9.   COUNTERPART EXECUTION. This agreement may be executed in multiple
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but
all such counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
agreement.

                                       2

<PAGE>

10.  NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a novation.
In addition to all amounts hereafter due under the Note and the Related
Documents as they may be modified herein, all accrued interest evidenced by the
Note being modified by this agreement and all accrued amounts due and payable
under the Related Documents shall continue to be due and payable until paid.
Except for the above-quoted modification(s), the Note, any Related Documents,
and all the terms and conditions thereof, shall be and remain in full force and
effect with the changes herein deemed to be incorporated therein. This agreement
is to be considered attached to the Note and made a part thereof. This agreement
shall not release or affect the liability of any guarantor, surety or endorser
of the Note or release any owner of collateral securing the Note. The validity,
priority and enforceability of the Note shall not be impaired hereby. References
to the Related Documents and to other agreements shall not affect or impair the
absolute and unconditional obligation of the Borrower to pay the principal and
interest on the Note when due. The Bank reserves all rights against all parties
to the Note.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                 <C>
                                                    Borrower:

Address: 1000 Crawford Place Suite 400              Mace Car Wash-Arizona, Inc. dba Genie Car Wash
         Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054-3932

                                                    By: /s/ Robert M. Kramer
                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Robert M. Kramer                              Secretary
                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Printed Name                                      Title


BANK'S ACCEPTANCE

The foregoing agreement is hereby agreed to and acknowledged this 17/th/ day of February, 2003.


                                                    Bank:

                                                    Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL


                                                    By: /s/ Mark W. Warren
                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Mark W. Warren                     First Vice President
                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Printed Name                                      Title
</TABLE>

                                       3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.150
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dex10150.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MODIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.150

                             MODIFICATION NUMBER ONE
                                TO LOAN AGREEMENT

Wachovia Bank, National Association
214 North Hogan Street - FL0070
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
Hereinafter referred to as the "Bank")

Mace Security International, Inc.
1000 Crawford Place
Suite 400
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054

Mace Security Products, Inc.
1000 Crawford Place
Suite 400
Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054
Individually and collectively "Borrower")

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of March 14, 2003 by and between Bank and
Borrower.

                                    RECITALS

Bank is the holder of a Promissory Note executed and delivered by Borrower dated
October 31, 2002, in the original principal amount of $480,000.00 (the "Note")
and certain other loan documents, including without limitation, a Loan Agreement
dated October 31, 2002 (the "Loan Agreement");

Borrower and Bank have agreed to modify the terms of the Loan Agreement.

In consideration of Bank's continued extension of credit and the agreements
contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

                                    AGREEMENT

MODIFICATIONS.

The paragraph of Loan Agreement entitled "Financial Covenants" is hereby amended
by deleting the subparagraph(s) entitled "Debt Service Coverage Ratio" and
adding the following in its place and stead:

Debt Service Coverage Ratio. Mace Security International, Inc. shall maintain a
Debt Service Coverage Ratio of no less than 1.05 to 1.00 at each yearend
12/31/2002 and 12/31/03, and a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of no less than 1.20,
at each fiscal yearend thereafter. "Debt Service Coverage Ratio" shall mean the
sum of net income before taxes plus depreciation plus amortization plus interest
expense plus noncash expense less noncash income divided by current maturities
of long-term debt plus current maturities of long-term leases plus interest
expense, for the same such twelve month period.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND REPRESENTATIONS. Borrower acknowledges and represents that
this Note and other Loan Documents, as amended hereby, are in full force and
effect without any defense, counterclaim, right or claim of set-off; that, after
giving effect to this Agreement, no default or event that with the passage of
time or giving of notice would constitute a default under the Loan Documents has
occurred, all representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents are
true and correct as of

<PAGE>

this date, all necessary action to authorize the execution and delivery of this
Agreement has been taken; and this Agreement is a modification of an existing
obligation and is not a novation.

COLLATERAL. Borrower acknowledges and confirms that there have been no changes
in the ownership of any collateral pledged to secure the Obligations (the
"Collateral") since the Collateral was originally pledged; Borrower acknowledges
and confirms that the Bank has existing, valid first priority security interests
and liens in the Collateral; and that such security interests and liens shall
secure Borrower's Obligations to Bank, including any modification of this Note
or Loan Agreement, if any, and all future modifications, extensions, renewals
and/or replacements of the Loan Documents.

MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by the laws of the applicable state as originally provided in the Loan
Documents, without reference to that state's conflicts of law principles. This
Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the sole agreement of the
parties with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede all oral
negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter thereof. No
amendment of this Agreement, and no waiver of any one or more of the provisions
hereof shall be effective unless set forth in writing and signed by the parties
hereto. The illegality, unenforceability or inconsistency of any provision of
this Agreement shall not in any way affect or impair the legality,
enforceability or consistency of the remaining provisions of this Agreement or
the other Loan Documents. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are
intended to be consistent. However, in the event of any inconsistencies among
this Agreement and any of the Loan Documents, the terms of this Agreement, and
then this Note, shall control. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts. Each such
counterpart shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall
together constitute one and the same agreement. Terms used in this Agreement
which are capitalized and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to such terms in this Note.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER BY
EXECUTION HEREOF AND BANK BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND
INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
LITIGATION BASED ON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED TO BE EXECUTED IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING,
STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY WITH RESPECT
HERETO. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO BANK TO ACCEPT THIS
AGREEMENT.

BORROWER AND BANK AGREE THAT THEY SHALL NOT HAVE A REMEDY OF PUNITIVE OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AGAINST THE OTHER IN ANY DISPUTE AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT OR
CLAIM TO PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THEY HAVE NOW OR WHICH MAY ARISE IN THE
FUTURE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTE WHETHER THE DISPUTE IS RESOLVED BY
ARBITRATION OR JUDICIALLY.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have signed and sealed this Agreement the
day and year first above written.

                                  Mace Security International, Inc.

                                  By: /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.          (SEAL)
                                      Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Chairman/President

                                     Page 2

<PAGE>

                              Mace Security Products, Inc.

                              By:   /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.          (SEAL)
                                    Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Chairman/President



                              Wachovia Bank, National Association

                              By:   /s/ Myrtha Becker                  (SEAL)
                                    Myrtha Becker, Vice President

                                     Page 3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>dex11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      Exhibit 11

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                            2002               2001                2000
                                                                        ----------          -----------         -----------
<S>                                                                    <C>                  <C>                 <C>
Basic:
       Weighted average shares outstanding                              12,630,964           12,724,282          12,238,421
                                                                       ===========          ===========         ===========
       Net (loss) income:
             (Loss) income from continuing operations                  $       (57)         $       908         $      (141)
             Income from discontinued operations                                 -                    -                 459
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             (Loss) income before cumulative effect of
                change in accounting principle                                 (57)                 908                 318
             Cumulative effect of change in accounting
                principle                                                   (5,733)                   -                   -
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             Net (loss) income                                         $    (5,790)         $       908         $       318
                                                                       ===========          ===========         ===========

       Basic (loss) income per share:
             From continuing operations                                $         -          $      0.07         $     (0.01)
             From discontinued operations                                        -                    -                0.04
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             (Loss) income before cumulative effect of
                change in accounting principle                                   -                 0.07                0.03
             Cumulative effect of change in accounting
                principle                                                    (0.46)                   -                   -
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             Total                                                     $     (0.46)         $      0.07         $      0.03
                                                                       ===========          ===========         ===========

Diluted:
       Weighted average shares outstanding                              12,630,964           12,724,282          12,238,421

       Net effect of dilutive stock options and warrants
          based on the treasury stock method
          using the year-end market price, if
          higher than average market price                                       -               17,840                   -
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
       Total                                                            12,630,964           12,742,122          12,238,421
                                                                       ===========          ===========         ===========

       Net (loss) income:
             (Loss) income from continuing operations                  $       (57)         $       908         $      (141)
             Income from discontinued operations                                 -                    -                 459
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             (Loss) income before cumulative effect of
                change in accounting principle                                 (57)                 908                 318
             Cumulative effect of change in accounting
                principle                                                   (5,733)                   -                   -
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             Net (loss) income                                         $    (5,790)         $       908         $       318
                                                                       ===========          ===========         ===========

       Diluted (loss) income per share:
             From continuing operations                                $         -          $      0.07         $     (0.01)
             From discontinued operations                                        -                    -                0.04
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             (Loss) income before cumulative effect of
                change in accounting principle                                   -                 0.07                0.03
             Cumulative effect of change in accounting
                principle                                                    (0.46)                   -                   -
                                                                       -----------          -----------         -----------
             Total                                                     $     (0.46)         $      0.07         $      0.03
                                                                       ===========          ===========         ===========
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>dex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 21

                                                        State of
Subsidiary                                            Incorporation
- ----------------------------------------            -----------------

Car Care, Inc.                                      Delaware
Care Investment, Inc.                               Delaware
Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.                Texas
CRCD, Inc.                                          Texas
Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.                         Florida
F.E.D. Properties, Inc.                             New York
50's Classic Car Wash of Lubbock, Inc.              Texas
Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc.                       Arizona
Mace Car Wash, Inc.                                 Delaware
Mace Security Centers, Inc.                         Colorado
Mace Security Products, Inc.                        Delaware
Mace Texas I, Inc.                                  Delaware
Mace Texas II, Inc.                                 Delaware
Mace Trademark Corp.                                Delaware
Mace Truck Wash, Inc.                               Delaware
Mace Wash, Inc.                                     Delaware
MSP Retail, Inc.                                    Colorado
Worth Manufacturing Company, Inc.                   Texas

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>dex231.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF GRANT THORTON LLP
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

     We have issued our report dated February 28, 2003, except for note 9 as to
which the date is March 14, 2003, accompanying the consolidated financial
statements included in the Annual Report of Mace Security International, Inc. on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Mace
Security International, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-87981, filed September
28, 1999, amended December 27, 1999, File No. 333-34096, filed April 5, 2000,
and File No. 333-34536, filed April 11, 2000); Form S-4 (File No. 333-89717,
filed on October 26, 1999, amended December 21, 1999) and Forms S-8 (File No.
333-31757, filed on July 22, 1997 and File No. 333-93311, filed on December 21,
1999).

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 28, 2003

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
