-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SpKmH2yrk6+Q8FINkby6CGYzRjKeMmFpxTb7aDM1munVa0p+AnEGC8tMET84nXBg
 r+9qcIF1b1LVUvYtfqODgA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001157523-04-002325.txt : 20040315
<SEC-HEADER>0001157523-04-002325.hdr.sgml : 20040315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040315065859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001157523-04-002325
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				030311630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22810
		FILM NUMBER:		04667651

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 CROWFORD PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			MOUNT LAUREL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8567782300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 BENMONT AVE
		CITY:			BENNINGTON
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a4592736.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MACE SECURITY
<TEXT>
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the year ended December 31, 2003                 Commission File No. 0-22810

                        MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                 Delaware                             03-0311630
     (State or Other Jurisdiction of               (I.R.S. Employer
      Incorporation or Organization)             Identification No.)

       1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400, Mt. Laurel, NJ      08054
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)           (Zip Code)

       Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (856) 778-2300

        Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share


         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 ("the Exchange Act") during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained in this form, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ X ]

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes   No X


         The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant, based on the last sale price of the Registrant's Common Stock
at the close of business on March 10, 2004, was approximately $16,257,094.
(Reference is made to page 18 herein for a statement of assumptions upon which
this calculation is based.) The Company does not have any non-voting stock.


         The number of shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the
Registrant outstanding as of March 10, 2004 was 12,462,670.




<PAGE>


                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

GENERAL

Mace Security International, Inc. ("the Company" or "Mace") was incorporated in
Delaware on September 1, 1993. On December 17, 2002, we effected a one-for-two
reverse stock split. All stock prices, share amounts, per share information,
stock options and stock warrants to reflect the reverse split, unless otherwise
noted.

Our operations are currently conducted through two segments: car and truck
washes, and security products. Since July 1999, our full service car and truck
wash segment has generated most of our revenue and profit. Our Security Products
Segment produces consumer safety and personal defense products, as well as
electronic surveillance and monitoring products. Before July 1999, this
segment's main business was the production and sale of less-than-lethal defense
sprays.

Beginning in May of 1999, we began developing our car wash operations through
acquisitions, including our merger on July 1, 1999 with American Wash Services,
Inc., a company that was engaged in the business of acquiring and operating car
wash facilities.

During 2000, 2001 and for the first four months of 2002, the Company did not
directly manage the Security Products Segment. During this period, the Company
was paid $20,000 per month under a Management Agreement pursuant to which Mark
Sport, Inc. ("Mark Sport"), an entity controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director
of the Company through December 2003, operated the Security Products Segment.
Effective May 1, 2002, the Management Agreement expired and the Company
recommenced operation of the Security Products Segment. On May 1, 2002, the
Security Products Segment consisted of consumer safety and personal defense
products. Electronic security and surveillance devices were added to the
Security Products Segment on August 12, 2002 when we acquired certain of the
assets and operations of Micro-Tech, Inc. ("Micro-Tech"), a manufacturer and
retailer of electronic security and surveillance devices. Additionally, an
expanded line of electronic security monitors was added to the Security Products
Segment on September 26, 2003, when we acquired the assets of Vernex, Inc.
("Vernex"), a manufacturer and retailer of electronic security monitors.

 On July 9, 1999, we entered the business of manufacturing and selling
point-of-sale systems for the car wash and oil lubrication industries when we
acquired all the outstanding common stock of Innovative Control Systems, Inc.
("ICS"), a developer of point-of-sale systems for the car wash and oil
lubrication industries. On June 2, 2000, we exited the business of manufacturing
and selling point-of-sale systems when we sold ICS. All results of ICS's
operations have been classified as "discontinued operations."

The Company's periodic reports, as filed with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission, can be accessed through the Company's website at
www.mace.com.

LINES OF BUSINESS

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns
and operates 51 car washes and five truck washes. We operate 13 car wash
locations in the region surrounding Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which are
located in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware. We also operate six car wash
locations in and near the Sarasota, Florida area, 13 car wash locations in the
Phoenix, Arizona area, and 19 car wash locations in Texas. We also own five
truck washes located in Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Texas. Except for nine of the
Philadelphia area car washes, which provide only exterior washing, and one Texas
location, which is a self-serve wash and lube facility, the rest of our
locations are full service car washes. The full service car washes provide
exterior washing and drying, vacuuming of the interior of the vehicle, dusting
of dashboards and door panels, and cleaning of all windows and glass.

Our typical car wash facility consists of a free standing building of
approximately 4,000 square feet, containing a sales area for impulse items and a
car wash tunnel. Cars are moved through the car wash tunnel by a conveyor
system. Inside the tunnel, automatic equipment cleans the vehicle as it moves
past the equipment. Additional extra services, including wheel cleaning,
fragrance, rust protection treatment, wheel treatments, and waxing are also
offered at the locations. Many of our locations also offer other consumer
products and related car care services, such as professional automotive
detailing services (offered at 41 locations), oil and lubrication services
(offered at 10 locations), gasoline dispensing services (offered at 19
locations), state inspection services (offered at seven locations), convenience
store sales (offered at one location), and merchandise store sales (offered at
41 locations). Our truck wash facilities provide washing and waxing services for
tractor-trailer and fleet transport vehicles. These services are provided by
hand. While certain acquisitions were pending in 2000, we managed several car
wash locations under operating agreements pursuant to which we were entitled to
all profits generated by those locations. Car wash and ancillary services
provided 88.6%, 94.5%, and 99.5%, of our revenues in fiscal years 2003, 2002,
and 2001, respectively. (See also, the Consolidated Statements of Operations in
the financial statements accompanying this report.)

                                       2

<PAGE>


Our car wash operations are not dependent on any one or a small number of
customers. The nature of our car wash operations does not result in a backlog of
orders at any time, and all of our car wash revenues are derived from sales in
the United States. For a discussion of seasonal effects on our car wash
operations, see Item 7, Seasonality and Inflation in Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, page 29.

         Security Products Segment. The Security Products Segment is comprised
of two operating divisions: the Consumer Products Division and the Electronic
Surveillance Products Division. The Consumer Products Division designs, markets
and sells consumer products for use in home and automobile and for personal
protection. The Consumer Products Division includes a line of defense sprays,
personal alarms, home security alarms, whistles, door jammers, and window and
door lock alarms. The defense sprays include tear gas sprays, pepper sprays, and
sprays with a combination of tear gas, pepper solution and UV dye. The
Electronic Surveillance Products include cameras, digital video recorders
(DVR's), and monitors. The cameras are offered in weatherproof, black and white,
and color models. Certain of the camera models also record audio. The DVR's are
offered in models which can simultaneously record with four cameras, eight
cameras or 16 cameras.

Substantially all of the manufacturing processes for the Consumer Products
Division are performed at our Bennington, Vermont facility. Defense spray
products are manufactured on an aerosol filling machine. Most products are
packaged in sealed, tamper-resistant "clamshells." The KinderGard(R) product
line is primarily manufactured by an unrelated company utilizing molds primarily
owned by Mace and packaged on-site at our Vermont facility. Mace Anti Crime
Bureau(R) ("MACB"), part of the Consumer Products Division, develops and markets
security products and literature for the domestic and foreign financial
community, including a "dye-pack" used by financial institutions for robbery
protection, state-of-the-art training videos and crisis response materials. MACB
markets to domestic and foreign financial institutions and related businesses
throughout the world through direct marketing and the use of independent sales
representatives and distributors as well as exhibitions at national trade shows
and advertisements in trade publications.

In the first quarter of 2000, we entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the
Company through December, 2003. The Management Agreement entitled Mark Sport to
operate the Security Products Segment and receive all profits or losses during
the term of the Management Agreement. We retained the ownership of all of the
business assets. The Management Agreement was extended under several amendments,
and terminated on April 30, 2002. Under the Management Agreement, Mark Sport
paid us $20,000 per month. Additionally, Mark Sport paid us an amount equal to
the amortization and depreciation on the assets of the division. Effective May
1, 2002, the Management Agreement expired and the Company recommenced operation
of the Security Products Segment.

With the acquisition of certain of the assets and operations of Micro-Tech, a
manufacturer and retailer of electronic security and surveillance devices, on
August 12, 2002, the Company added the Electronic Surveillance Products Division
to its Security Products Segment. The Company has contracted with equipment
manufacturers, principally in Korea, China, and other foreign countries, to
manufacture system components in accordance with our specifications and in
branded packaging suitable for direct sale to consumers or distributors. As with
all new business undertakings, there are numerous risks associated with the new
business unit that may prevent the Company from operating it profitably. (See
Factors Influencing Future Results And Accuracy of Forward -Looking Statements,
page 8.) The Company began its sales efforts for the Electronic Surveillance
Products Division during the second quarter of 2003.

The Security Products Segment provided 11.4%, 5.5%, and 0.5% of our revenues in
fiscal years 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. (See also, the Consolidated
Statements of Operations in the financial statements accompanying this report.)

         Point-of-Sale Systems and Software Sales and Development. On July 9,
1999, we acquired ICS in exchange for 604,000 (pre-reverse split) shares of
Company common stock and the assumption of $750,000 of debt. From July 1999 to
June 2000, ICS was involved in the development, marketing and sale of automated
point-of-sale control systems that are used to monitor, manage and analyze car
wash systems and lubrication centers. On June 2, 2000, we sold ICS. Accordingly,
all results of ICS' operations have been classified as "discontinued
operations."


                                       3


<PAGE>



BUSINESS STRATEGIES

Car and Truck Wash Segment.

         Internal Growth. We believe that we can achieve internal growth
principally from additional sales into our current markets by providing superior
service and through our existing marketing efforts. To improve market share in a
given operating region, we spend approximately 2% to 3% of regional revenue on
regional advertising campaigns emphasizing coupons to attract volume with
discount offers and brand awareness. We believe that only about 30% of the
general population routinely use car wash services. We believe that this
relatively low level of participation is the result of (i) lack of effective
advertising; (ii) inconsistent wash quality and service levels across fragmented
locations; and (iii) concerns about scratches and other adverse effects from the
automated wash process. We believe that through consumer education and by
developing a strong brand reputation, known for consistent quality and safe,
dependable service across locations, we can increase consumer participation
rates and generate internal growth from existing locations. We also intend to
selectively implement price increases when competitive advantages and
appropriate market conditions exist.

         Operating Efficiency. We have reduced the total operating expenses of
our businesses by implementing centralized financial controls. In addition, we
are continually implementing programs to take advantage of certain economies of
scale in such areas as the purchase of equipment, chemicals and supplies, parts,
equipment maintenance, data processing, financing arrangements, employee
benefits, insurance, and communications. We train our operating personnel to
emphasize customer service, labor efficiency, safe operations, and sales of
add-on and ancillary services. Location managers are trained to implement our
standardized service menu option list and high-margin service add-ons at each of
our locations.

         Acquisitions. From May 1999 through December 2000, and including our
merger with American Wash Services, Inc., we acquired 62 car wash facilities and
five truck wash facilities through the acquisition of 17 separate businesses.
Eleven car wash facilities have been divested or closed. The majority of the
locations were acquired by acquiring a company, or the assets of a company, that
owned several locations in a given geographic area.

We will acquire car washes when we can do so on advantageous terms. In
evaluating potential acquisitions, we will consider: (i) our cash position and
the availability of financing at favorable terms; (ii) the potential for
operating cost reductions, revenue growth through advertising, and managerial
efficiencies; (iii) the commercial viability and underlying real estate value of
each location; (iv) the potential for geographic diversification throughout the
United States; and (v) other relevant factors. At the present time, we are not
in negotiations with any parties regarding potential acquisitions.

As consideration for acquisitions, we may use combinations of common stock,
cash, and indebtedness. The consideration for each future acquisition will vary
on a case-by-case basis depending on our financial interests, the historic
operating results of the acquisition target, and the growth potential of the
business to be acquired. Cash used for future acquisitions may be provided by
operations, loans and the proceeds of possible future equity sales.

We did not complete any car or truck wash acquisitions in 2001, 2002, or 2003.



                                       4

<PAGE>



Security Products Segment.

         Internal Growth. The Security Products Segment designs, markets and
sells the Consumer Products and the Electronic Surveillance Products. For the
year ended December 31, 2003, revenues from the Consumer Products Division were
$2.8 million. For the five years prior to July 14, 2003, the Company was
prohibited from selling defense sprays to the law enforcement market, under a
non-competition agreement with Armor Holdings, Inc. We are now selling our
defense sprays in the law enforcement market under the brand name of Take
Down(R). We believe that the total consumer defense spray market is
approximately $10 million to $12 million in revenues a year and that the law
enforcement market is approximately $3 million in revenue per year. We do not
expect to be able to significantly increase our market share of the consumer
defense spray market. Though the Company has only recently begun its sales
efforts for the Electronic Surveillance Products Division, this division, which
commenced operations in August 2002, achieved growth in revenues from $380,000
in 2002 to $2.8 million of revenues in 2003. Growth has been principally
achieved through the development of an internal sales staff and increased
advertising and marketing efforts in 2003.

         Operating Agreements and Acquisitions. During 2001, we did not directly
market or sell the Consumer Product Division's line of personal safety and
security devices. All marketing and sales were done by Mark Sport under a
Management Agreement. The Management agreement expired on April 30, 2002, at
which time the Company recommenced marketing efforts.

With the acquisition of certain of the assets of Micro-Tech, a manufacturer and
retailer of electronic security and surveillance devices on August 12, 2002, the
Company added the Electronic Surveillance Products Division to its Security
Products Segment. Additionally, we acquired the assets of Vernex, a manufacturer
and retailer of electronic security monitors, on September 26, 2003. At the
present time we are not evaluating or seeking to make any acquisitions for the
Security Products Segment. However, we would consider a Security Products
Segment acquisition if one became available on advantageous terms. In evaluating
potential acquisitions, we will consider: (i) our cash position and the
availability of financing at favorable terms; (ii) the potential for operating
cost reductions; (iii) marketing advantages by adding new products to the
Mace(R) brand name; (iv) market penetration of existing products; and (v) other
relevant factors.

As consideration for acquisitions, we may use combinations of common stock,
cash, and indebtedness. The consideration for each future acquisition will vary
on a case-by-case basis depending on our financial interests, the historic
operating results of the acquisition target, and the growth potential of the
business to be acquired. We expect to finance the cash portion of future
acquisitions through funds provided by operations, loans, and the proceeds of
possible future equity sales.

MARKETING

Car and Truck Wash Segment. The car care industry services customers on a local
and regional basis. We employ operational and customer service people at our
operating locations. The operational and customer service people are supervised
by the management of the operating locations. We emphasize providing quality
services as well as customer satisfaction and retention, and believe that we
will attract customers in the future because of our reputation for quality
service. We market our services through regional coupon advertising, direct-mail
marketing programs and radio and television advertisements. We spend 2% to 3% of
regional revenue on regional advertising campaigns. We have a diverse customer
base, with no single customer accounting for five percent or more of our
consolidated revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003. We do not
believe that the loss of any single customer would have a material adverse
effect on our business or results of operations.

         Security Products Segment. During 2001, we did not directly market the
Consumer Products Division's line of personal safety and security devices. All
marketing and sales were done by Mark Sport under a Management Agreement until
it expired on April 30, 2002, at which time the Company recommenced marketing
efforts. The consumer products are available for purchase at mass
merchant/department stores, gun shops, sporting goods stores, hardware, auto,
convenience and drug stores. Each market category of the Consumer Products
Division is reached through dedicated in-house sales managers, and/or through a
nationwide network of manufacturers' representatives. Consumer products are also
available for purchase directly through a catalog, trade publication
advertising, an internet website, and promotions at industry trade shows. Mail
orders, internet orders, and specialty accounts are handled directly by the
Company.


Our marketing efforts for the Electronic Surveillance Products Division began in
2003. Our Electronic Surveillance Products Division contains two separate
product lines which are developed for two distinct markets: professional
installers who sell and install systems, and consumers who directly purchase the
equipment. The professional line is sold through dealer and distributor networks
which we are developing. Our consumer line is sold primarily through mass
merchants and spy shops. Our marketing efforts have increased sales from
$380,000 in 2002 (August through December) to $2.8 million in 2003; however, no
assurance can be given that our marketing will continue to increase sales at the
same rate.

                                       5

<PAGE>


PRODUCTION AND SUPPLIES

           Car and Truck Wash Segment. We do not manufacture any of the car or
truck wash equipment and supplies which we use. There are numerous suppliers of
the equipment and supplies required by our car and truck wash operations.

          Consumer Products Division. Substantially all of the manufacturing
processes for the Consumer Products Division are performed at our leased
Bennington, Vermont facility. Defense spray products are manufactured on an
aerosol filling machine. Most products are packaged in sealed, tamper-resistant
"clamshells." The KinderGard(R) product line and MaceCash dye pack system are
primarily manufactured by unrelated companies and packaged on-site at our
Vermont facility. There are numerous potential suppliers of the components and
parts required in the production process. We have developed strong long-term
relationships with many of our suppliers including the following: Moldamatic,
Inc., Amber International, Inc., and Springfield Printing, Inc. In addition, we
purchase for resale a variety of products produced by others including whistles
and window and door alarms, among others.

          Electronic Surveillance Products Division. Our Electronic Surveillance
products are manufactured principally in Korea, China, and other foreign
countries, by original equipment manufacturers ("OEM"). The Electronic
Surveillance products are manufactured to our specifications, labeled, packaged,
and shipped ready for sale, to our warehouse in Hollywood, Florida.

COMPETITION

          Car and Truck Wash Segment. The car care industry is a highly
fragmented industry comprised of many large and small businesses. At any of our
wash locations, our main competitors are privately-owned car washes which may,
in many instances, be located near our car washes. The car care industry is
highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on location, facilities,
customer service, available services and price. We also face competition from
sources outside the car wash industry, such as gas stations that offer automated
car wash services. Barriers to entry in the car care industry are relatively
low. Competition is always entering our existing markets from new sources not
currently competing with us. We compete principally with locally-owned car wash
facilities and other regional car wash chains including Wash Tub, Car Spa, and
Oasis Car Wash.

          Security Products Segment. The Consumer Products Division faces
intense competition in the security products consumer market. Domestically,
there continues to be a number of companies marketing defense sprays to civilian
consumers. While we continue to offer defense spray products that we believe
distinguish themselves through brandname recognition and superior product
features and formulations, this division has experienced a sales decline for
these products. We attribute this decline not only to the strong competition,
but also to lower demand in general.

Our Electronic Surveillance Products Division faces competition from many larger
companies such as Sony, Panasonic, and others. A number of these competitors
have significantly greater financial, marketing, and other resources than do we.
We also compete with numerous well-established, smaller, local or regional
firms. Increased competition from these companies could have an adverse effect
on our Electronic Surveillance Products Division.

TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS

Car and Truck Wash Business. We own a registered service mark for Super
Bright(R). We have selected Super Bright(R) as our brandname for regions in
which we do not have a well recognized name. During 2002, we upgraded the
signage and appearance of many of our car wash facilities while branding our
Pennsylvania, San Antonio, and Lubbock locations as Super Bright(R).

          Security Products Segment. Mace Security International, Inc. began
marketing products in 1993 under the Mace(R) brand name and related trademarks
pursuant to an exclusive license for sales of defense sprays to the consumer
market in the continental United States, and a non-exclusive license for sales
to the consumer market worldwide. The license agreement was renegotiated in 1992
to include a purchase option. We exercised this option and purchased outright
the Mace(R) brand name and related trademarks (Pepper Mace(R), Chemical Mace(R),
Mace . . . Just in Case(R), CS Mace(TM) and Magnum Mace(TM)). In conjunction
with this purchase, we acquired a non-exclusive worldwide license to promote a
patented pepper spray formula in both the consumer and law enforcement markets.
We also have various other patents and trademarks for the devices we sell,
including trademarks and/or patents for the Big Jammer(R) door brace, Window
Jammer(TM), Sonic Alert(TM), Safety Flasher(TM), Sport Strobe(TM), Child Safe
Alarm(TM), Window Alert(TM), Motion Alert(TM), Emergency Whistle(TM), Auto
Alert(TM), Screecher(R), Peppergard(R), Slam(R), Mace (Mexico)(R), Viper(R)
defense spray, KinderGard(R), Zip-a-Babe(R), Hand-n-Hand(R), Safe-T-Zip(R), TG
Guard(R), and Take Down(R). The TG Guard(R) Security Protection System is
designed to move disruptive inmates out of an affected area without sending in
correctional officers who could be harmed or taken hostage. TG Guard(R)
accomplishes this with a strategic arrangement of chemical agent dispensers
installed in ceiling or elevated fixtures. The system is capable of eliminating
internal or external disturbances at correctional facilities and other high
risk, high security facilities. Additionally, we have been issued a patent on
the locking mechanism for our Mark VI defense spray unit.


                                       6

<PAGE>


In July 1998, in connection with the sale of our Law Enforcement Division, we
transferred our Mace(R) brand trademark and all related trademarks, and a patent
(No. 5,348,193) to our wholly-owned subsidiary, Mace Trademark Corp. The
purchaser of our Law Enforcement division received a 99 year license to use the
Mace(R) brand, certain other such trademarks and the patent in the Law
Enforcement Market only.

The Company is in the process of completing appropriate filings to expand the
Mace(R) trademark to cover the new Electronic Surveillance products.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION/ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

         Car and Truck Wash Segment. We are subject to various local, state, and
federal laws regulating the discharge of pollutants into the environment. We
believe that our operations are in compliance, in all material respects, with
applicable environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and
regulations is not expected to materially affect our competitive position. Three
major areas of regulation facing us are disposal of lubrication oil at our oil
change centers, the compliance with all underground storage tank laws in
connection with our gasoline sales, and the proper recycling and disposal of
water used in our car and truck washes. We use approved waste-oil haulers to
remove our oil and lubricant waste. Before acquiring a gasoline dispensing site,
we investigate it to verify that any underground storage tanks are in compliance
with all legal requirements. We recycle our waste water and, where we have
proper permits, it is disposed of into sewage drains. Approximately 70% of the
water used in the car wash is recycled at sites where a built-in reclaim system
exists.

         Security Products Segment. The distribution, sale, ownership, and use
of consumer defense sprays are legal in some form in all 50 states and the
District of Columbia. However, in most states, sales to minors are prohibited
and in several states (MA, MI, NY, WI), sales of defense sprays are highly
regulated. Massachusetts allows the sale of defense sprays by licensed firearm
dealers only. Michigan does not allow the sale of chloroacetophenone (CN) sprays
but does allow certain pepper and CS tear gas sprays which we sell to our
Michigan customers. New York allows the sale of defense sprays but only by
licensed firearm dealers or licensed pharmacists. Wisconsin allows the sale of
pepper sprays, but they must be sold behind the counter or under glass. We have
been able to sell our defense sprays within the guidelines set by state
regulations. There can be no assurance, however, that broader, more severe
restrictions will not be enacted that would have an adverse impact on the
results of our Consumer Products Division. We believe we are in material
compliance with all federal, state, and local environmental laws that affect our
business.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Car and Truck Wash Segment. There are no research and development
expenditures within the Car and Truck Wash Segment.

         Security Products Segment. We have an on-site laboratory at our Vermont
facility where research and development is conducted to maintain our reputation
in the defense spray industry. We are continually reviewing ideas and potential
licensing arrangements to expand our product lines. We spent approximately
$5,000 and $4,000 on research and development in 2003 and 2002, respectively.
Our Electronic Surveillance products have been developed by our staff in
Hollywood, Florida, working in conjunction with certain OEM manufacturers. We
have spent approximately $6,000 in developing the Electronic Surveillance
products in each of 2003 and 2002.

                                       7

<PAGE>



INSURANCE

We maintain various insurance coverages for our assets and operations. These
coverages include Property coverages including business interruption protection
for each location. We maintain commercial general liability coverage in the
amount of $1 million per occurrence and $2 million in the aggregate with an
umbrella policy which provides coverage up to $25 million. We also maintain
workers' compensation policies in every state in which we operate. Commencing
July 2002, as a result of increasing costs of the Company's insurance program,
including auto, general liability, and workers' compensation coverage, we are
insured through participation in a captive insurance program with other
unrelated business. The Company maintains excess coverage through
occurrence-based policies. With respect to our auto, general liability, and
workers' compensation policies, we are required to set aside an actuarial
determined amount of cash in a restricted "loss fund" account for the payment of
claims under the policies. We expect to fund these accounts annually as required
by the insurance company. Should funds deposited exceed claims incurred and
paid, unused deposited funds are returned to us with interest on the third
anniversary of the policy year-end. The captive insurance program is further
secured by a letter of credit in the amount of $525,000 at December 31, 2003.
The Company records a monthly expense for losses up to the reinsurance limit per
claim based on the Company's tracking of claims and the insurance company's
reporting of amounts paid on claims plus their estimate of reserves for possible
future payments. There can be no assurance that our insurance will provide
sufficient coverage in the event a claim is made against us, or that we will be
able to maintain in place such insurance at reasonable prices. An uninsured or
under insured claim against us of sufficient magnitude could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

U.S. BASED BUSINESS

All of our car and truck wash businesses are conducted in the United States.
Approximately 4% or $246,000 and 6% or $150,000 of the 2003 and 2002 revenues,
respectively, from our Security Products Segment were derived from customers
outside of the United States. Our Electronic Surveillance products are
manufactured in Korea, China, and other foreign countries. We do not believe we
are currently subject to any material risks associated with any foreign
operations.

EMPLOYEES

As of March 5, 2004, we had approximately 1,630 employees, of which
approximately 1,576 were employed in the Car and Truck Wash Segment, 32 employed
in the Security Products Segment, 18 in corporate clerical and administrative
positions, and four in executive management. None of our employees is covered by
a collective bargaining agreement.

FACTORS INFLUENCING FUTURE RESULTS AND ACCURACY OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Forward-Looking Statements"). All statements
other than statements of historical fact included in this report are
Forward-Looking Statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in such Forward-Looking Statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that
such expectations will prove to have been correct. Generally, these statements
relate to business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or
other consequences of such plans or strategies, number of acquisitions, and
projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions made by or to be made by us,
or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings, levels of capital
expenditures or other aspects of operating results. All phases of our operations
are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks, and other influences, many of
which are outside our control and any one of which, or a combination of which,
could materially affect the results of our operations and whether
Forward-Looking Statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Such
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations are disclosed in this section and elsewhere in this report. All
subsequent written and oral Forward-Looking Statements attributable to the
Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by the important factors described below that could cause actual
results to differ from our expectations. The Forward- Looking Statements made
herein are only made as of the date of this filing, and we undertake no
obligation to publicly update such Forward-Looking Statements to reflect
subsequent events or circumstances.

Our business plan poses risks for us. Our business objectives include internally
developing our Electronic Surveillance Products Division and acquiring
additional car washes, if we can do so under advantageous terms. To date, we
have spent approximately $5.1 million in developing our Electronic Surveillance
Products Division including the acquisition costs of Micro-Tech and Vernex, the
purchase of our warehouse in Hollywood, Florida, and the cost of developing and
purchasing inventory for our branded product line. As part of our business plan
we may also develop or acquire additional car wash facilities. Our strategy
involves a number of risks, including:

                                       8

<PAGE>

              i.   risks associated with growth;
              ii.  risks associated with acquisitions and their integration into
                   our Company;
              iii. risks associated with the recruitment and development of
                   management and operating personnel; and
              iv.  risks of not being able to sell the electronic surveillance
                   products in the quantities we have ordered from OEM
                   manufacturers.

If we are unable to manage one or more of these associated risks effectively, we
may not fully realize our business plan.

         Risk related to borrowings. Our borrowings as of December 31, 2003 were
$31.3 million. Of the borrowings, $5.5 million is classified as current as it is
due in less than twelve months. Our business plan is dependent on refinancing
the debt as it becomes due. Several of our debt agreements, as amended, contain
certain affirmative and negative covenants and require the maintenance of
certain levels of tangible net worth and the maintenance of certain debt
coverage ratios on a consolidated level. At December 31, 2003, we were not in
compliance with our consolidated debt coverage ratio related to our GMAC notes
payable. With respect to the GMAC notes payable, the Company has received a
waiver of acceleration of the notes through January 1, 2005. Additionally, the
Company has entered into amendments to the Bank One term loan agreements as of
December 31, 2003. The Company is currently in compliance with these covenants
as amended. The Company initiated certain temporary and permanent cost savings
measures in March of 2003, including reductions in payroll expense and certain
operating costs to enable it to maintain compliance with the Bank One
consolidated debt coverage ratio. These savings through December 31, 2003
totaled approximately $425,000. Additional temporary and permanent cost saving
measures were intiated in March of 2004, including further reductions in payroll
expenses and certain operating costs, along with an increase in prices within
the Car and Truck Wash Segment to enable the Company to maintain compliance with
the Bank One consolidated debt coverage ratio. The amended debt coverage ratio
with Bank One requires the Company to maintain a consolidated earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") to debt service
(collectively " the debt coverage ratio") of 1.1 to 1 at December 31, 2003 and
in the future. As of March 11, 2004, the preliminary operating results for the
quarter ended March 31, 2004 indicate that we should meet the Bank One required
debt coverage ratio as of March 31, 2004; however, we cannot provide assurance
that favorable operating trends will continue through March 31, 2004. If we
default on any of the Bank One covenants or the GMAC covenant in the future, the
Company will need to obtain further amendments or waivers from these lenders. If
the Company is unable to obtain waivers or amendments in the future, Bank One
debt totaling $14.9 million and GMAC debt totaling $11.6 million recorded as
long-term debt at December 31, 2003 would become due on demand.

The Company's ongoing ability to comply with its debt covenants under its credit
arrangements and refinance its debt depend largely on the achievement of
adequate levels of cash flow. Our cash flow has been and can continue to be
adversely affected by weather patterns and the economic climate. In the event
that non-compliance with the debt covenants should reoccur, the Company would
pursue various alternatives to successfully resolve the non-compliance, which
might include, among other things, seeking additional debt covenant waivers or
amendments, or refinancing debt with other financial institutions. Although the
Company believes that it would be successful in resolving potential
non-compliance with its debt covenants, or refinancing its current debt, there
can be no assurance that further debt covenant waivers or amendments would be
obtained or that the debt would be refinanced with other financial institutions
on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain renewals of our loans or
refinancings on favorable terms, our ability to operate would be materially and
adversely affected.

         Our operations are dependent substantially on the services of our
executive officers. If we lose one or more of our executive officers and do not
replace them with experienced personnel, the loss could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. We do not maintain key-man
life insurance policies on our executive officers. The primary terms of the
employment agreements of Robert M. Kramer, Gregory M. Krzemien, and Ronald R.
Pirollo expired on March 26, 2003. Louis D. Paolino, Jr. and the Company have
executed an employment agreement which has a term through August 12, 2006.
Messrs. Kramer and Krzemien are working on a month-to-month at-will basis. Mr.
Pirollo or the Company may terminate Mr. Pirollo's employment at any time. Mr.
Paolino is the Company's Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Kramer is the Company's
Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Secretary; Mr. Krzemien is the
Company's Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Mr. Pirollo is the
Company's Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller.

         We have reported net losses. We have reported net losses and working
capital deficits, and we have expended substantial funds for acquisitions,
equipment, and new business development. With the adoption of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets on January 1, 2002, we no longer amortize goodwill and certain intangible
assets determined to have indefinite useful lives. Additionally, SFAS 142
requires annual fair value based impairment tests of goodwill and other
intangible assets identified with indefinite useful lives. The Company cannot
guarantee that there will not be impairments in subsequent reporting periods
that will have a material impact on earnings and equity of the Company. (See
also Note 3, Change in Accounting Principle in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.)

                                       9

<PAGE>


         We have a limited operating history regarding our Electronic
Surveillance Products Division. We recently expanded our line of security
products by adding the Electronic Surveillance Products Division. We are
incurring expenses to develop the new line of products without having
extensively tested the size or possible profitability of the market for such
products. There are numerous risks associated with the new Electronic
Surveillance Products Division that may prevent the Company from selling them
profitable, including, among others: risks associated with unanticipated
problems in the acquired companies; risks inherent with our management having
limited experience in electronic security device product; risks relating to the
size and number of competitors in the electronic security product market, many
of whom may be more experienced or better financed; risks associated with the
costs of planned entry into new markets and expansion of product lines in old
markets; and risks attendant to locating and maintaining reliable sources of OEM
products and component supplies in the electronic surveillance industry. We also
expect that there will be costs related to product returns and warranties and
customer support that we cannot quantify or accurately estimate until we have
more experience in operating the new business.

         We may not be able to manage growth. If we succeed in growing, it will
place significant burdens on our management and on our operational and other
resources. We will need to attract, train, motivate, retain, and supervise our
senior managers and other employees. If we are unable to do this, we will not be
able to realize our business objectives.

         Our car wash business may suffer under certain weather conditions.
Seasonal trends in some periods may affect our car wash business. In particular,
long periods of rain and cloudy weather can adversely affect our car wash
business as people typically do not wash their cars during such periods.
Additionally, extended periods of warm, dry weather may encourage customers to
wash their cars themselves which also can adversely affect our car wash
business.

         We face significant competition. The extent and kind of competition
that we face varies. The car care industry is highly competitive. Competition is
based primarily on location, facilities, customer service, available services
and price. Because barriers to entry into the car care industry are relatively
low, competition may be expected to continually arise from new sources not
currently competing with us. We also face competition from outside the car care
industry, such as gas stations and convenience stores that offer automated car
wash services. In some cases, these competitors may have greater financial and
operating resources than do we. In our car wash business, we face competition
from a number of sources, including regional and national chains, gasoline
stations, gasoline companies, automotive companies and specialty stores, both
regional and national.

         Consumer demand for our car wash services is unpredictable. Our
financial condition and results of operations will depend substantially on
continued consumer demand for car wash services. Our car wash business depends
on consumers choosing to employ professional services to wash their cars rather
than washing their cars themselves or not washing their cars at all. We cannot
give assurance that consumer demand for car wash services will increase in the
future, nor can we give assurance that consumer demand will maintain its current
level.

         We must maintain our car wash equipment. Although we undertake to keep
our car washing equipment in proper operating condition, the operating
environment in car washes results in frequent mechanical problems. If we fail to
properly maintain the equipment, any car wash could become inoperable resulting
in a loss of revenue. Many of our car washes have older equipment which requires
frequent repair or replacement.

         We must operate our locations safely. Our Consumer Products Division
and Car and Truck Wash Segment utilize harsh chemicals in their operations.
Though we train our personnel in safety, there is a risk of injury to our
employees.

         We face risks associated with significant insurance claims. We maintain
various insurance coverages for our assets and operations. These coverages
include Property coverages including business interruption protection for each
location. We maintain commercial general liability coverage in the amount of $1
million per occurrence and $2 million in the aggregate with an umbrella policy
which provides coverage up to $25 million. We also maintain workers'
compensation policies in every state in which we operate. Commencing July 2002,
as a result of increasing costs of the Company's insurance program, including
auto, general liability, and workers' compensation coverage, we are insured
through participation in a captive insurance program with other unrelated
business. The Company maintains excess coverage through occurrence-based
policies. With respect to our auto, general liability, and workers' compensation
policies, we are required to set aside an actuarial determined amount of cash in
a restricted "loss fund" account for the payment of claims under the policies.
We expect to fund these accounts annually as required by the insurance company.
Should funds deposited exceed claims incurred and paid, unused deposited funds
are returned to us with interest on the third anniversary of the policy
year-end. The captive insurance program is further secured by a letter of credit
in the amount of $525,000 at December 31, 2003. If our loss experience is worse
than expected, our cash assessments to the captive may be increased in the
future. The Company records a monthly expense for losses up to the reinsurance
limit per claim based on the Company's tracking of claims and the insurance
company's reporting of amounts paid on claims plus their estimate of reserves
for possible future payments. There can be no assurance that our insurance will
provide sufficient coverage in the event a claim is made against us, or that we
will be able to maintain in place such insurance at reasonable prices. An
uninsured or under insured claim against us of sufficient magnitude could have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

                                       10

<PAGE>


         Our car and truck wash operations face governmental regulations. We are
governed by federal, state and local laws and regulations, including
environmental regulations, that regulate the operation of our car wash centers
and other car care services businesses. Other car care services, such as
gasoline and lubrication, use a number of oil derivatives and other regulated
hazardous substances. As a result, we are governed by environmental laws and
regulations dealing with, among other things:

              i.   transportation, storage, presence, use, disposal, and
                   handling of hazardous materials and wastes;
              ii.  discharge of storm water; and
              iii. underground storage tanks.

If uncontrolled hazardous substances were found on our property, including
leased property, or if we were found to be in violation of applicable laws and
regulations, we could be responsible for clean-up costs, property damage, and
fines, or other penalties, any one of which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.

         We face risks associated with our consumer safety products. We face
claims of injury allegedly resulting from our defense sprays. For example, we
are aware of allegations that defense sprays used by law enforcement personnel
resulted in deaths of prisoners and of suspects in custody. In the event a
lawsuit is brought against us, we cannot give assurance that our insurance
coverage will be sufficient to cover any judgments won. If our insurance
coverage is exceeded, we will have to pay the excess liability directly.

         Listing on the Nasdaq National Market. Our common stock is listed on
the Nasdaq National Market with a bid price of $2.11 at the close of the market
on March 10, 2004. If the price of our common stock falls below $1.00 and for 30
consecutive days remains below $1.00, we are subject to being delisted from the
Nasdaq National Market. Upon delisting from the Nasdaq National Market, our
stock would be traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market until we maintain a minimum
bid price of $1.00 for 30 consecutive days at which time we can regain listing
on the Nasdaq National Market. If our stock fails to maintain a minimum bid
price of one dollar for 30 consecutive days during a 180 day grace period on the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market or a 360 day grace period if compliance with certain core
listing standards are demonstrated, we could receive a delisting notice from the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market. Upon delisting from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, our
stock would be traded over-the-counter, more commonly known as OTC. OTC
transactions involve risks in addition to those associated with transactions in
securities traded on the Nasdaq National Market or the Nasdaq SmallCap Market
(together "Nasdaq-Listed Stocks"). OTC companies may have limited product lines,
markets or financial resources. Many OTC stocks trade less frequently and in
smaller volumes than Nasdaq-Listed Stocks. The values of these stocks may be
more volatile than Nasdaq-Listed Stocks. If our stock is traded in the OTC
market and a market maker sponsors us, we may have the price of our stock
electronically displayed on the OTC Bulletin Board, or OTCBB. However, if we
lack sufficient market maker support for display on the OTCBB, we must have our
price published by the National Quotations Bureau LLP in a paper publication
known as the "Pink Sheets." The marketability of our stock will be even more
limited if our price must be published on the "Pink Sheets."

On October 2, 2002, Nasdaq advised us that our common stock failed to maintain a
minimum bid price of $1.00 over the prior 30 consecutive trading days as
required by the Nasdaq National Market under its Marketplace Rules. Nasdaq
advised us that we had 90 days to maintain a bid price of at least $1.00 for 10
consecutive business days or we would be delisted. The Company maintained a
minimum bid price of at least $1.00 for 10 consecutive business days ending
December 24, 2002, in part by completing a one-for-two reverse stock split on
December 17, 2002. On December 30, 2002, Nasdaq advised us that we are in
compliance with Market Place Rule 4450(a)(5) and are not subject to being
delisted.

                                       11

<PAGE>


         Our stock price is volatile. Our common stock's market price has been
volatile. Factors like fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and operating
results, our acquisition program, market conditions, and economic conditions
generally may impact significantly our common stock's market price. In addition,
if we make an acquisition, we may agree to issue common stock that will become
available for resale and may have an impact on our common stock's market price.

         Our preferred stock may affect the rights of the holders of our common
stock; it may also discourage another entity from acquiring control of Mace. Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10 million shares
of preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. It
is not possible to state the precise effect of preferred stock upon the rights
of the holders of our common stock until the Board of Directors determines the
respective preferences, limitations and relative rights of the holders of one or
more series or classes of the preferred stock. However, such effect might
include: (i) reduction of the amount otherwise available for payment of
dividends on common stock, to the extent dividends are payable on any issued
shares of preferred stock, and restrictions on dividends on common stock if
dividends on the preferred stock are in arrears, (ii) dilution of the voting
power of the common stock to the extent that the preferred stock has voting
rights, and (iii) the holders of common stock not being entitled to share in our
assets upon liquidation until satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted
to the preferred stock.

The preferred stock may be viewed as having the effect of discouraging an
unsolicited attempt by another entity to acquire control of us and may therefore
have an anti-takeover effect. Issuances of authorized preferred stock can be
implemented, and have been implemented by some companies in recent years with
voting or conversion privileges intended to make an acquisition of a company
more difficult or costly. Such an issuance could discourage or limit the
stockholders' participation in certain types of transactions that might be
proposed (such as a tender offer), whether or not such transactions were favored
by the majority of the stockholders, and could enhance the ability of officers
and directors to retain their positions.

         Some provisions of Delaware law may prevent us from being acquired. We
are governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business
combination" with an entity who is an "interested stockholder" for a period of
three years, unless approved in a prescribed manner. This provision of Delaware
law may affect our ability to merge with, or to engage in other similar
activities with, some other companies. This means that we may be a less
attractive target to a potential acquirer who otherwise may be willing to pay a
price for our common stock above its market price.

         We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock. We do not
expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We
will reinvest in our business any cash otherwise available for dividends.

         There are additional risks set forth in the incorporated documents. In
addition to the risk factors set forth above, you should review the financial
statements and exhibits incorporated into this report. Such documents may
contain, in certain instances and from time to time, additional and supplemental
information relating to the risks set forth above and/or additional risks to be
considered by you, including, without limitation, information relating to losses
experienced by us in certain historical periods, working capital deficits at
particular dates, information relating to pending and recently completed
acquisitions, descriptions of new or changed federal or state regulations
applicable to Mace, data relating to remediation and the actions taken by Mace,
and estimates at various times of Mace's potential liabilities for compliance
with environmental laws or in connection with pending litigation.

ITEM 2.       DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

Our corporate headquarters is located in Mount Laurel, New Jersey. We rent
approximately 10,000 square feet of space at a current annual cost of
approximately $216,000.

         Car and Truck Wash Properties. Our principal fixed assets are our car
wash facilities used for performing car care services which are described under
Item 1. Lines of Business. The 51 car wash facilities operated by us as of
December 31, 2003 are situated on sites we own or lease. We own 41 and lease 10
of our car wash facilities. The locations of our car washes and the services
offered at the locations are set forth in summary fashion in the chart below.

                                           Type of             Number of
      Locations (1)                      Car Wash (2)          Facilities
      ------------                       ------------          ----------

      Philadelphia,    Pennsylvania    Full Service                3
      Area                             Exterior Washes             3

      Southern New Jersey Area         Full Service                1



                                       12

<PAGE>


                                       Exterior Washes             5



      Smyrna, Delaware                 Exterior Wash               1

      Phoenix, Arizona Area            Full Service                13

      Dallas, Texas Area               Full Service                8
                                       Self Serve                  1
                                       /Lube

      Austin, Texas                    Full Service                3

      Lubbock, Texas                   Full Service                3

      Sarasota, Florida Area           Full Service                6

      San Antonio, Texas               Full Service                4

(1)  The majority of our locations are owned except for the following number of
     locations which are leased:

       (1)  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (3)
       (2)  Smyrna, Delaware (1)
       (3)  Phoenix, Arizona Area (4)
       (4)  Dallas, Texas Area (2)

(2)  Several locations also offer other consumer products and related car care
     services, such as professional detailing services (offered at 41
     locations), oil and lubrication services (offered at 10 locations),
     gasoline dispensing services (offered at 19 locations), state inspection
     services (offered at seven locations), convenience store sales (offered at
     one location) and merchandise store sales (offered at 41 locations).

We own real estate, buildings, equipment, and other properties that we employ in
substantially all of our car washes. We expect to make substantial investments
in additional equipment and property for expansion, replacement of assets, and
in connection with future acquisitions.

Many of our car washes are encumbered by first mortgage loans. Of the 51 car
washes owned or leased by us at December 31, 2003, 26 properties secured first
mortgage loans totaling $29.9 million and 25 were not encumbered.

We also own and operate five truck wash facilities. We own the buildings and
equipment at each of our truck washes, and lease the land for all of our truck
wash facilities except for the Amarillo, Texas land which we own and which is
encumbered by debt of $313,000 at December 31, 2003.

         Security Products Segment Properties. The operations of our Consumer
Products Division, including administration and sales, and all of its production
facilities are located in Bennington, Vermont. Commencing May 1, 2002, we leased
approximately 44,000 square feet of space in a building from Vermont Mill
Properties, Inc. ("Vermont Mill") at an annual cost of $110,000. Vermont Mill is
controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company through December, 2003
and President of Mark Sport. The operations of our recently acquired Electronic
Surveillance Products Division are located in Hollywood, Florida. In November
2002, we purchased a 6,700 square foot building consisting of inventory
warehouse space and future office space for administrative and sales functions.
In October 2003, we purchased an additional 3,750 square feet of warehouse and
office space adjacent to the 6,700 square foot facility. The Hollywood, Florida
facility is secured by a first mortgage loan in the amount of $714,000 at
December 31, 2003. Prior to purchasing the Hollywood, Florida facility, we
rented 1,000 square feet of space at a rate of approximately $1,400 per month.

ITEM 3.       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In December 1999, the Company was named as a defendant in a suit filed in the
Supreme Court of the State of New York by Janeen Johnson et. al. The litigation
concerns a claim that a self-defense spray manufactured by the Company and used
by a law enforcement officer contributed to the suffering and death of
Christopher Johnson. The Company forwarded the suit to its insurance carrier for
defense. The Company does not anticipate that this claim will result in the
payment of damages in excess of the Company's insurance coverage.

                                       13

<PAGE>

In 2000, the Company was named as a defendant in a suit filed in the United
States District Court for the District of Colorado by Robert Rifkin. The suit
alleges that the Company and its transfer agent delayed in the removal of a
restrictive legend from certain shares of Company common stock owned by the
plaintiff, and that the delay caused the plaintiff to incur a loss in excess of
$335,000. Though the outcome of litigation is always uncertain, the Company
believes that there was no delay in the removal of the legend from the shares.

In July 2001, the Company filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of New York
County of the State of New York against LTV Networks, Inc. ("LTV") to collect
upon a promissory note in the amount of $100,000. In January 2002, defendant LTV
filed an answer to the suit denying liability under the promissory note and
making counterclaims. The counterclaims allege that the Company had agreed to
lend LTV $500,000 and that LTV has been damaged in the amount of $10 million
because the Company only lent $100,000 to LTV. The Company has filed a summary
judgment motion which requests a judgment on the promissory note and a dismissal
of the defendant's counterclaims. On August 29, 2003, LTV filed a Voluntary
Petition for Chapter 11 Reorganization in the United States Bankruptcy Court,
Southern District of New York (the "Petition"). The Petition had the effect of
operating as a stay on the State Court proceedings. The Bankruptcy Court lifted
the stay in the first quarter of 2004, enabling the Company to proceed with its
summary judgment motion. Though the outcome of litigation is always uncertain,
the Company currently believes that the counterclaims are without merit and
intends to assert its claims in the Bankruptcy proceedings.

In October 2001, the Company was named as an additional party defendant in a
suit filed by Alan Berndt and Martha Berndt in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California. The litigation alleges the Company was
responsible for personal injuries arising out of Mr. Berndt's use of a Gas
Launcher. This suit has been settled within the limits of our insurance
coverage.

In May 2002, the Company was named as one of three defendants in a suit filed by
Timothy Gamradt and Carla Gamradt in the United States District Court for the
District of Minnesota. The litigation alleges that the plaintiffs are entitled
to damages against the Company due to injuries allegedly sustained by Mr.
Gamradt when a pyrotechnic smoke device known as the "Black Smoke Device" was
discharged by Mr. Gamradt's superior during a training exercise at a federal
prison facility at which Mr. Gamradt was employed as a guard. Mr. Gamradt
alleges that when the device was activated, he suffered injuries to his lungs.
We have forwarded the suit to our insurance carrier for defense. We do not
anticipate that this claim will result in the payment of damages in excess of
our insurance coverage.

In July 2002, the Company and its former president, Jon Goodrich, were named as
defendants in a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of New York County of the State of
New York filed by Armor Holdings, et al. The suit alleges that the Company and
Mr. Goodrich had violated the non-compete terms of various agreements entered
into in April 1998, which transferred certain of the Company's then lines of
business to the plaintiffs. The suit also alleges that the Company violated a
right of first refusal on sale granted to plaintiffs when the Company entered
into a Management Agreement with Mark Sport to operate the Company's Consumer
Products Division. The lawsuit requests $15 million in damages. Though the
outcome of litigation is always uncertain, the Company believes that all of the
claims are without merit.

In December 2003, one of the Company's car wash subsidiaries was named as a
defendant in a suit filed by Kristen Sellers in the Circuit Court of the Twelfth
Judicial Circuit in and for Sarasota County, Florida. The suit alleges that the
plaintiff is entitled to damages due to psychological injury and emotional
distress sustained when an employee of the car wash allegedly assaulted Ms.
Sellers with sexually explicit acts and words. The Company's subsidiary is
alleged to have been negligent in hiring, retaining and supervising the
employee. The Company forwarded the suit to its insurance carrier for defense.
We do not anticipate that this claim will result in the payment of damages in
excess of the Company's insurance coverage.

The Company has produced documents requested in a subpoena issued in connection
with an investigation being conducted by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission of possible securities law violations. The subpoena was
issued on October 27, 2003. The subpoena requested documents and information
which would identify persons who knew of two transactions involving the Company
prior to Mace's public announcement of the transactions. The transactions were
announced by Mace on March 29, 1999 and were consummated in July of 1999. The
subpoena also requested documents relating to Mace's dealings with two
investment banking firms and certain of their employees. Mace intends to fully
cooperate with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission's
investigation.

                                       14

<PAGE>


The Company is a party to various other legal proceedings related to its normal
business activities. In the opinion of the Company's management, none of these
proceedings is material in relation to the Company's results of operations,
liquidity, cash flows or financial condition.

Although the Company is not aware of any substantiated claim of permanent
personal injury from its products, the Company is aware of reports of incidents
in which, among other things; defense sprays have been mischievously or
improperly used, in some cases by minors; have not been instantly effective; or
have been ineffective against enraged or intoxicated individuals.

The Company is subject to federal and state environmental regulations, including
rules relating to air and water pollution and the storage and disposal of oil,
other chemicals and waste. The Company believes that it complies, in all
material respects, with all applicable laws relating to its business.


ITEM 4.       SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of Mace Security International, Inc. was
held on December 19, 2003. The following proposals were submitted to a vote:

(i)  to approve an amendment of the Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation to implement staggered director terms;

(ii) to approve for election of two Directors; for (a) one year term, if
     proposal (i) is not approved or (b) staggered terms by class of Directors;

(iii) to approve an amendment of the Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation to provide for the filling of any vacancies or new positions
     on the Board of Directors by a majority of the remaining directors;

(iv) to approve an amendment of the Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation to provide procedures that stockholders must follow in order
     to nominate directors;

(v)  to approve an amendment of the Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation to provide that the amendment, repeal or adoption of any
     provision inconsistent with Proposals (i),(iii),(iv) or (v) only occur on
     the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares
     of the common stock;

(vi) to approve an amendment of the Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation to decrease authorized shares;

(vii) to approve an amendment of the Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation to provide notice of stockholder proposals; and

(viii) to ratify the Board's appointment of Grant Thornton LLP as Mace's
     independent auditors for fiscal year 2003.

Proposals (ii) and (viii) were adopted by the shareholders. The voting was as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Directors:                                  Votes For         Votes Against       Abstentions         Broker Non-Votes

<S>                                       <C>                   <C>               <C>                 <C>
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                     7,716,277             3,709,522              -                      -
Mark S. Alsentzer                         7,653,627             3,772,172              -                      -
Matthew J. Paolino                        7,716,277             3,709,522              -                      -
Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D            7,716,327             3,709,472              -                      -
Burton Segal                              7,688,477             3,737,322              -                      -

</TABLE>


                                       15

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                        <C>                    <C>                  <C>                     <C>
Approve and adopt the amendment
of the Mace Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to
implement staggered director terms         3,807,869              4,226,650            1,525                   3,389,755

Approve and adopt the amendment of the
Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to provide for the filling
of any vacancies or new positions on
the Board of Directors by a majority
of the remaining directors                 3,719,006              4,314,913            2,125                   3,389,755

Approve and adopt the amendment of the
Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to provide procedures that
stockholders must follow in order to
nominate directors                         3,774,670              4,220,025           41,349                   3,389,755


Approve and adopt the amendment of the
Mace Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to provide that the
amendment, repeal or adoption of any
provision inconsistent with Proposal
(i),(iii),(iv) or (v) only occur on the
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the outstanding shares of the
common stock                              3,775,895              4,258,174            1,975                    3,389,755


Approve and adopt amendment of the
Mace Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation
to decrease authorized shares              5,243,578              2,790,841            1,625                   3,389,755


Approve and adopt amendment of the
Mace Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to provide
notice of the stockholder proposals        3,812,219              4,222,150            1,675                   3,389,755

Ratify appointment of Grant
Thornton LLP                               9,088,357              2,334,917            2,525                      -


</TABLE>

                                       16

<PAGE>


Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following information is furnished in this Part I pursuant to Instruction 3
to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K:

There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers of the
Company. The following table sets forth information regarding of our executive
officers.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Name                                                Age                          Position

        <S>                                                 <C>       <C>
        Louis D. Paolino, Jr.............................    47       Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief
                                                                          Executive Officer
        Robert M. Kramer.................................    51       Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer,
                                                                          General Counsel, and Secretary
        Gregory M. Krzemien..............................    44       Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

        Ronald R. Pirollo................................    45       Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller

</TABLE>


Louis D. Paolino, Jr. has served as the Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 1999. From June 1996 through
December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. Prior thereto, he was
President of Soil Remediation of Philadelphia, Inc., a company engaged in the
business of treating contaminated soil. From September 1993 to June 1996, Mr.
Paolino served as a Vice President of USA Waste Services, Inc. From November
1995 to January 1996, Mr. Paolino served on the Board of Directors of Metal
Management, Inc., formerly known as General Parametrics Corp., a publicly traded
company. Mr. Paolino received a B.S. in Civil Engineering from Drexel
University. Mr. Paolino is 47 years old.

Robert M. Kramer has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and
Secretary of the Company since May 1999, and as Chief Operating Officer since
July 2000. Mr. Kramer also served as a director of the company from May 1999 to
December 2003. From June 1996 through December 1998, he served as General
Counsel, Executive Vice President and Secretary of Eastern Environmental
Services, Inc. Mr. Kramer is an attorney and has practiced law since 1979 with
various firms, including Blank Rome Comisky & McCauley, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, and Arent Fox Kitner Poltkin & Kahn, Washington, D.C. From 1989 to
December 2000, Mr. Kramer had been the sole partner of Robert M. Kramer &
Associates, P.C., a law firm which consisted of three lawyers. From December
1989 to December 1997, Mr. Kramer served on the Board of Directors of American
Capital Corporation, a registered securities broker dealer. Mr. Kramer received
B.S. and J.D. degrees from Temple University. Mr. Kramer is 51 years old.

Gregory M. Krzemien has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of
the Company since May 1999. From August 1992 through December 1998, he served as
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc.
From October 1988 to August 1992, Mr. Krzemien was a senior audit manager with
Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Krzemien received a B.S. degree in Accounting from the
Pennsylvania State University and is a certified public accountant. Mr. Krzemien
is 44 years old.

Ronald R. Pirollo has served as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate
Controller of the Company since May 1999. Mr. Pirollo served as Vice President
and Corporate Controller of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. from July 1997
to June 1999. Prior thereto, Mr. Pirollo was with Envirite Corporation for ten
years, where he served in various financial management positions including Vice
President - Finance. Mr. Pirollo received a B.S. degree in Accounting and an MBA
from Villanova University. Mr. Pirollo is 45 years old.

                                       17

<PAGE>


                                     PART II

ITEM 5.       MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

 (a) Market Price and Dividends of the Registrant's Common Equity

Our common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market and quoted on the
Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol "MACE". Common stock price
reflects inter-dealer quotations, does not include retail markups, markdowns or
commissions and does not necessarily represent actual transactions.

The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and low
sale prices per share for our common stock, as reported by Nasdaq.

On December 17, 2002, we effected a one-for-two reverse stock split. All
information in the table below preceding the reverse split has been restated for
the reverse split.

                                                        HIGH             LOW

Year Ended December 31, 2002
         First Quarter...........                      $2.88            $1.26
         Second Quarter..........                       2.58             1.82
         Third Quarter...........                       2.18             1.50
         Fourth Quarter..........                       3.00             1.00
Year Ended December 31, 2003
         First Quarter...........                      $2.04            $0.88
         Second Quarter..........                       1.73             1.02
         Third Quarter...........                       2.06             1.25
         Fourth Quarter..........                       2.62             1.55
Year Ended December 31, 2004
         First Quarter...........                      $2.29            $1.81
              (through March 10, 2004)

The closing price for our common stock on March 10, 2004 was $2.11. For purposes
of calculating the aggregate market value of our shares of common stock held by
non-affiliates, as shown on the cover page of this report, it has been assumed
that all the outstanding shares were held by non-affiliates except for the
shares held by our directors and executive officers and stockholders owning 10%
or more of our outstanding shares. However, this should not be deemed to
constitute an admission that all such persons are, in fact, non-affiliates of
the Company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed to be
affiliates of the Company. For further information concerning ownership of our
securities by executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, see Item
12, Security Ownership of Certain

Beneficial Owners and Management.

As of March 10, 2004, we had 192 stockholders of record and approximately 1,342
beneficial owners of our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future and intend to retain all working capital and
earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the expansion of our
business. Any future determination with respect to the payment of dividends will
be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other
things, our results of operations, financial condition and capital requirements,
the terms of any then existing indebtedness, general business conditions, and
such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Certain of our
credit facilities prohibit or limit the payment of cash dividends without prior
bank approval.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

See the information contained under the heading "Equity Compensation Plan
Information" within Item 11 of this Form 10-K regarding shares authorized for
issuance under equity compensation plans approved by stockholders and not
approved by stockholders.

 (b) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

                                       18

<PAGE>



ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information below was derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this report and in reports we have previously filed with the SEC.
This information should be read together with those financial statements and the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information regarding
this financial data, see the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations section also included in this report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Statement of Operations Data:                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            2003          2002           2001          2000          1999
                                                            ====          ====           ====          ====          ====

                                                                       (In thousands, except share information)

<S>                                                      <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
Revenues:

  Car wash and detailing services                          $  35,655    $   36,696     $   39,859    $   37,812    $   17,073
  Lube and other automotive services                           4,147         4,219          4,487         4,869         2,693
  Fuel and merchandise sales                                   3,613         3,217          3,638         5,061         2,092
  Security products sales                                      5,581         2,498              -             -         3,435
  Operating agreements                                             -            80            240           261           463
                                                              ------        ------         ------        ------        ------
                                                              48,996        46,710         48,224        48,003        25,756
Cost of revenues:
  Car wash and detailing services                             25,983        25,674         27,417        26,856        11,137
  Lube and other automotive services                           3,188         3,301          3,446         3,789         1,992
  Fuel and merchandise sales                                   3,156         2,802          3,234         4,472         1,708
  Security products sales                                      3,485         1,523              -             -         1,818
                                                              ------        ------         ------        ------        ------
                                                              35,812        33,300         34,097        35,117        16,655

Selling, general and administrative expenses                   9,486         8,432          7,366         7,303         5,753
Depreciation and amortization                                  1,958         1,953          2,813         2,467         1,096
Costs of terminated acquisitions                                   -            57            135           580             -
Merger costs                                                       -             -              -             -         1,875
Restructuring, asset impairment and change in control
charges                                                        3,798         1,165              -           138         1,519
                                                              ------        ------         ------        ------        ------

Operating (loss) income                                      (2,058)         1,803          3,813         2,398       (1,142)

Interest expense, net                                        (1,963)       (2,219)        (2,885)       (3,013)       (1,033)
Other income                                                     438           327            514           408           205
(Loss) income from continuing operations before income        ------        ------         ------        ------        ------
taxes                                                        (3,583)          (89)          1,442         (207)       (1,970)

Income tax (benefit) expense                                    (50)          (32)            534          (66)         (619)
                                                              ------        ------         ------        ------        ------
(Loss) income from continuing operations                     (3,533)          (57)            908         (141)       (1,351)

Discontinued Operations:
  (Loss) gain from discontinued operations, net of
     applicable income taxes                                       -             -              -         (265)            91
  Gain on disposal of ICS, net of applicable income tax            -             -              -           724             -
  expense                                                     ------        ------         ------        ------        ------

(Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle                                        (3,533)          (57)            908           318       (1,260)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle,
 net of tax benefit of $2,188                                      -       (5,733)              -             -             -
                                                              ------        ------         ------        ------        ------
Net (loss) income                                        $   (3,533)   $   (5,790)    $       908   $       318    $   (1,260)
                                                         ============  ============   ============  ============  ============

Basic (loss) income per share
  From continuing operations                             $  (0.28)     $       -      $     0.07    $    (0.01)   $    (0.20)
  From discontinued operations                                  -              -              -           0.04          0.01
  (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in       (0.28)             -            0.07          0.03         (0.19)
  accounting principle
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle           -           (0.46)            -             -             -
                                                            ------          ------         ------        ------        ------
  Net (loss) income                                      $  (0.28)     $    (0.46)    $     0.07    $     0.03    $    (0.19)
                                                         ============  ============   ============  ============  ============

Weighted average number of shares outstanding             12,414,816    12,630,964     12,724,282    12,238,421     6,579,577
                                                         ============  ============   ============  ============  ============

Diluted (loss) income per share
  From continuing operations                             $  (0.28)     $       -      $     0.07    $   (0.01)    $   (0.20)
  From discontinued operations                                  -              -              -           0.04          0.01
  (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in         ------        ------         ------        ------        ------
   accounting principle                                     (0.28)             -            0.07          0.03        (0.19)
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle           -          (0.46)             -             -            -
                                                              ------        ------         ------        ------        ------
  Net (loss) income                                      $  (0.28)     $    (0.46)    $     0.07    $     0.03    $    (0.19)
                                                         ============  ============   ============  ============  ============
                                                              ------         ------         ------        ------        ------
Weighted average number of shares outstanding             12,414,816    12,630,964     12,742,122    12,238,421     6,579,577
                                                         ============  ============   ============  ============  ============

</TABLE>

                                       20

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                            2003          2002          2001          2000           1999
                                                                                   (In thousands)

  Balance Sheet Data (at end of period):

  <S>                                                   <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
  Working capital (deficit)                             $   270        $   (2,210)   $    4,809    $   (1,003)    $   (1,403)
  Intangible assets, net                                $11,614        $   14,389    $   21,132    $   22,024     $   21,752
  Total assets                                          $90,602        $   96,288    $  104,670    $  106,131     $   98,115
  Long-term debt, including current maturities          $31,286        $   33,312    $   34,349    $   36,685     $   32,784
  Stockholders' equity                                  $54,212        $   57,669    $   63,856    $   62,877     $   56,568


</TABLE>


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion reviews our operations for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2003, and should be read in conjunction with our
Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
herein.

The following discussion includes Forward-Looking Statements. The accuracy of
such statements depends upon a variety of factors that may affect our business
and operations. Certain of these factors are discussed under Description of
Business -- Factors Influencing Future Results and Accuracy of Forward-Looking
Statements included in Item 1 of this report.

Summary of Critical Accounting Policies

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
are based upon the Company's consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Company's financial
statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.

Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of
significant judgments and uncertainties, and potentially result in materially
different results under different assumptions and conditions. The Company's
critical accounting policies are described below.

Revenue Recognition

Revenues from the Company's Car and Truck Wash Segment are recognized, net of
customer coupon discounts, when services are rendered or fuel or merchandise is
sold. The Company records a liability for gift certificates, ticket books, and
seasonal and annual passes sold at its car care locations but not yet redeemed.
The Company estimates these unredeemed amounts based on gift certificate and
ticket book sales and redemptions throughout the year as well as utilizing
historical sales and redemption rates per the car washes' point-of-sale systems.
Seasonal and annual passes are amortized on a straight-line basis over the time
during which the passes are valid.

Revenues from the Company's Security Products Segment are recognized when
shipments are made, or for export sales when title has passed. Shipping and
handling charges are included in revenues and cost of goods sold.

                                       21

<PAGE>

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

Our policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized expenditures
relating to proposed acquisitions that in management's current opinion will not
be consummated.

Deferred Revenue

The Company records a liability for gift certificates, ticket books, and
seasonal and annual passes sold at its car care locations but not yet redeemed.
The Company estimates these unredeemed amounts based on gift certificates and
ticket book sales and redemptions throughout the year as well as utilizing
historical sales and tracking of redemption rates per the car washes' point- of-
sale systems. Seasonal and annual passes are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the time during which the passes are valid.


Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used, and assets to be disposed of, when events and
circumstances warrant such a review. We evaluate the carrying value of
long-lived assets for potential impairment on a reporting unit basis using
undiscounted after-tax estimated cash flows or on an individual asset basis if
the asset is held for sale. See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for information regarding impairment charges incurred with respect to
one full service car wash site in our Texas region and two car wash sites in our
Arizona region.

Goodwill

Prior to 2002, goodwill was amortized on a straight-line basis over 25 years.

On January 1, 2002, the Company adopted SFAS 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets, and as required, discontinued amortization of goodwill acquired prior to
July 1, 2001. Additionally, SFAS 142 required that, within six months of
adoption, the first phase of the goodwill transitional impairment testing be
completed at the reporting unit level as of the date of adoption. SFAS 142
requires that any goodwill impairment loss recognized as a result of initial
application be reported in the first interim period of adoption as a change in
accounting principle and that the income per share effects of the accounting
change be separately disclosed. The transitional impairment testing was
completed during the third quarter of 2002 and as of January 1, 2002 (See Note 3
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

In accordance with SFAS 142, the Company also completed annual impairment tests
as of November 30, 2003, and 2002, and will be subject to an impairment test
each year thereafter and whenever there is an impairment indicator. Significant
estimates and assumptions are used in assessing the fair value of the reporting
units and determining impairment to goodwill (See Note 3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company cannot guarantee that there will
not be impairments in subsequent years.

Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets consist primarily of deferred financing costs,
trademarks, and establishing a registered national brand name. Prior to 2002,
our trademarks and brand name were amortized on a straight line basis over 15
years. In accordance with SFAS 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, our
trademarks and brand name are considered to have indefinite lives, and as such,
are no longer subject to amortization. These assets will be tested for
impairment annually and whenever there is an impairment indicator. Deferred
financing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
respective debt instruments. Customer lists and non-compete agreements are
amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives.

Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes are determined based on the difference between the
financial accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income
tax expense (benefit) represents the change during the period in the deferred
income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities. Deferred tax assets
include tax loss and credit carryforwards and are reduced by a valuation
allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

                                       22

<PAGE>


Introduction

Revenues

     Car and Truck Wash Services

We own full service, exterior only and self-service car wash operations in New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Texas, Florida and Arizona, as well as truck
washes in Arizona, Indiana, Ohio and Texas. We earn revenues from washing and
detailing automobiles; performing oil and lubrication services, minor auto
repairs, and state inspections; selling fuel; and selling merchandise through
convenience stores within the car wash facilities. Revenues generated for 2003
for the Car and Truck Wash Segment were comprised of approximately 82% car wash
and detailing, 10% lube and other automotive services, and 8% fuel and
merchandise.

The majority of revenues are collected in the form of cash or credit card
receipts, thus minimizing customer accounts receivable.

Weather can have and has had a significant impact on volume at the individual
locations. We believe that the geographic diversity of our operating locations
mitigates the risk of adverse weather-related influence on our volume.

     Security Products

During 2001, and for the first four months of 2002, the Company was paid $20,000
per month under a Management Agreement pursuant to which Mark Sport, an entity
controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company through December, 2003,
operated the Security Products Segment. Effective May 1, 2002, the Management
Agreement expired and the Company recommenced operation of the Security Products
Segment. Prior to the acquisition of the assets and operations of Micro-Tech,
the Company operated its Security Products Segment solely as the Consumer
Products Division. The Company's Consumer Products operations manufacture and
market personal safety, and home and auto security products which are sold
through retail stores, major discount stores, domestic and international
distributors, and at the Company's car care facilities.

With the acquisition on August 12, 2002 of certain of the assets and operations
of Micro-Tech, a manufacturer and retailer of electronic security and
surveillance devices, the Company added an additional division, the Electronic
Surveillance Products Division, to its Security Products Segment. The Company
has added security cameras, closed-circuit monitors, digital video recording
devices and related electronic security components to its line of well-known
personal security products. The Company is purchasing these items for resale
from OEM manufacturers.

Cost of Revenues

     Car and Truck Wash Services

Cost of revenues consists primarily of direct labor and related taxes and
benefits, certain insurance costs, chemicals, wash and detailing supplies, rent,
real estate taxes, utilities, car damages, maintenance and repairs of equipment
and facilities, as well as the cost of the fuel and merchandise sold.

     Security Products

During 2001, and for the first four months of 2002, the Security Products
Segment was operated under a Management Agreement by Mark Sport. Accordingly,
during that time, no costs were incurred by the Company. Cost of revenues within
the Security Products Segment consists primarily of costs to purchase or
manufacture the security products including direct labor and related taxes and
benefits, and raw material costs. Product return and warranty costs related to
the electronic security surveillance product business have been minimal in that
the majority of customer product warranty claims are reimbursed by the
manufacturer.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of management,
clerical and administrative salaries, professional services, insurance premiums,
sales commissions, and costs relating to marketing and sales.

We capitalize direct incremental costs associated with acquisitions. Indirect
acquisition costs, such as executive salaries, corporate overhead, public
relations, and other corporate services and overhead are expensed as incurred.
The Company also charges as an expense any capitalized expenditures relating to
proposed acquisitions that will not be consumated.

<PAGE>

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization consists primarily of depreciation of buildings
and equipment, and amortization of certain intangible assets. Buildings and
equipment are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets using
the straight-line method. Intangible assets, other than goodwill or intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives, are amortized over their useful lives
ranging from three to 15 years, using the straight-line method. In 2001,
goodwill was amortized using the straight-line method over 25 years. With the
adoption of SFAS 142 on January 1, 2002, we no longer amortize goodwill and
certain intangible assets, namely trademarks and service marks, determined to
have indefinite useful lives, thereby eliminating approximately $900,000 in
annual amortization expense.

Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

Our policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized expenditures
relating to proposed acquisitions that in our current opinion will not be
consummated. At December 31, 2003, there were no costs related directly to
proposed acquisitions that were not yet consummated. We periodically review the
future likelihood of these acquisitions and record appropriate provisions
against capitalized costs associated with projects that are not likely to be
completed.

 Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used, and assets to be disposed of, for possible impairment when
events and circumstances warrant such a review. During the year ended December
31, 2002, we wrote down assets determined to be impaired by approximately $1.2
million. The asset write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites
in Texas and two full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that
due to poor demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of
these sites, their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover
their respective carrying values. During the quarter ended June 30, 2003, we
further wrote down the assets related to one of the full service car wash sites
in Arizona which we partially wrote down at December 31, 2002, by an additional
$351,000. The additional write-down was the result of the impending loss of a
significant customer of this site resulting in an additional reduction of the
future expected cash flows of this site and the ability to recover the site's
carrying value. The Company closed the facility effective September 30, 2003. We
continue to market the remaining two sites for sale and have written down these
two assets to their estimated fair market values.

In the fourth quarter of 2003, as a result of the annual impairment test of
Goodwill and Other Intangibles in accordance with SFAS 142, we recorded an
impairment of approximately $3.4 million related to our Northeast region
reporting unit of our Car and Truck Wash Segment. This was principally due to a
reduction in future projected cash flows resulting from extended departures from
our historic revenue levels as a result of inclement weather and a slower
economy.

Other Income

Other income consists largely of rental income received from renting out excess
space at our car wash facilities, along with gains and losses on the sale of
property and equipment.

Income Taxes

Income tax (benefit) expense reflects the recording of income taxes on (loss)
income before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle at effective
rates of approximately 1%, 36% and 37% for the years ended December 31, 2003,
2002, and 2001, respectively. In 2003, no income tax benefit was recorded for
the Northeast region reporting unit impairment of approximately $3.4 million due
to the non-deductibility of the related goodwill.

In 2002, the income tax benefit related to the cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle was recorded at an effective tax rate of 36% for the
impairments in the Arizona and Truck Wash reporting units. No income tax benefit
was recorded for the Northeast region reporting unit's impairment due to the
non-deductibility of the goodwill. The effective rate differs from the federal
statutory rate for each year primarily due to state and local income taxes,
non-deductible costs related to intangibles, fixed asset adjustments, and
changes to the valuation allowance.

                                       24

<PAGE>



Results of Operations for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December
31, 2003

The following table presents the percentage each item in the consolidated
statements of operations bears to total revenues:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        -----------------------
                                                                                     2003              2002            2001
                                                                                     ----              ----            ----

<S>                                                                                <C>               <C>             <C>
 Revenues                                                                          100.0%            100.0%          100.0%
 Cost of revenues                                                                    73.1              71.3            70.7
 Selling, general and administrative expenses                                        19.4              18.0            15.3
 Depreciation and amortization                                                        4.0               4.2             5.8
 Costs of terminated acquisitions                                                       -               0.1             0.3
 Goodwill and asset impairment charges                                                7.7               2.5               -
                                                                                   ------            ------          ------
 Operating (loss) income                                                            (4.2)               3.9             7.9
 Interest expense, net                                                              (4.0)             (4.8)           (6.0)
 Other income                                                                         0.9               0.7             1.1
                                                                                   ------            ------          ------
 (Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes                       (7.3)             (0.2)             3.0
 Income tax (benefit) expense                                                       (0.1)             (0.1)             1.1
                                                                                   ------            ------          ------
 (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle           (7.2)             (0.1)             1.9
 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax benefit                -            (12.3)               -
                                                                                   ------            ------          ------
 Net (loss) income                                                                 (7.2)%           (12.4)%            1.9%
                                                                                   ======           =======          ======

</TABLE>


Revenues

   Car and Truck Wash Services

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2003 were $43.4 million as compared to
$44.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2002, a decrease of $0.7 million
or 1.6%. Of the $43.4 million of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2003,
$35.7 million or 82% was generated from car wash and detailing, $4.1 million or
10% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.6 million or 8% from fuel
and merchandise sales. Of the $44.1 million of revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2002, $36.7 million or 83% was generated from car wash and
detailing, $4.2 million or 10% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.2
million or 7% from fuel and merchandise sales. The decrease in wash and
detailing revenues was principally due to closing or divesting of three of our
car wash locations and a lube facility during 2003; the temporary closure of a
car wash location in Arizona due to fire damage; a departure from historic
revenue levels within the Northeast region due to several significant snow
storms in the first quarter of 2003, an increase in inclement weather,
particularly on weekends, within the Texas region and the impact of a slower
economy. Overall car wash volumes declined 6.9% in 2003 from 2002, including
1.8% from the closing or divesting of the three car wash locations noted above.
Partially offsetting this decline in volume, the Company experienced an increase
in average wash and detailing revenue per car to $14.52 in 2003, from $13.89 in
2002. This increase in average wash and detailing revenue per car was the result
of management's continued focus on aggressively selling detailing and additional
on-line car wash services. The increase in fuel and merchandise revenues is the
result of more aggressive pricing on fuel to attract traffic into our car wash
facilities and the addition of higher quality merchandise in our car wash
lobbies.

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002 were $44.1 million as compared to
$48.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2001, a decrease of $3.9 million
or 8.1%. Of the $44.1 million of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002,
$36.7 million or 83% was generated from car wash and detailing, $4.2 million or
10% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.2 million or 7% from fuel
and merchandise sales. Of the $48.0 million of revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2001, $39.9 million or 83% was generated from car wash and
detailing, $4.5 million or 9% from lube and other automotive services, and $3.6
million or 8% from fuel and merchandise sales. The decrease in wash and
detailing revenues was principally due to the divesting of two of our car wash
locations during 2001 combined with a departure from our historic revenue levels
within our Northeast region due to the unusual lack of snow and pollen in the
first six months of 2002 and increased rainfall in the quarter ending December
31, 2002. The Company also experienced more challenging weather within its Texas
region for the quarters ended September 30 and December 31, 2002. Car wash
volume declined 8.4% in 2002 from 2001. In addition to these declines in volume,
the Company experienced a slight reduction in average wash and detailing
revenues per car to $13.89 in 2002, from $13.90 per car in 2001. Despite
management's continued focus on aggressively selling detailing and additional
on-line car wash services, more aggressive coupon and discount promotions to
encourage volume reduced the average revenue per car. As to the decline in
revenues from lube and other automotive services, we discontinued the practice
of providing a free wash to lube customers, resulting in decreased lube revenues
but benefitting our overall site gross margin performance. The decline in fuel
and merchandise revenues was the result of instituting certain minimum gross
margin criteria which reduced fuel sales and the sale of certain low margin
merchandise.

                                       25

<PAGE>


   Security Products

Pursuant to a Management Agreement, we earned $80,000 in 2002 and $240,000 in
2001. These amounts are included under revenues from operating agreements.
Effective May 1, 2002, the Company recommenced operation of the Security
Products Segment. Revenues for the Consumer Products Division were approximately
$2.8 million and $2.1 million in 2003 and 2002, respectively. Additionally, in
August 2002, the Company purchased the inventory and certain assets and
operations of Micro-Tech, an electronic surveillance and security device
business. Revenues for this business unit were approximately $2.8 million and
$380,000 in 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Cost of Revenues

   Car and Truck Wash Services

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2003 were $32.3 million or 74%
of revenues with car washing and detailing costs at 73% of respective revenues,
lube and other automotive services costs at 77% of respective revenues, and fuel
and merchandise costs at 87% of respective revenues. Cost of revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2002 were $31.8 million, or 72% of revenues with car
wash and detailing costs at 70% of respective revenues, lube and other
automotive services costs at 78% of respective revenues, and fuel and
merchandise costs at 87% of respective revenues.

In 2003, the Company experienced a deterioration in wash and detailing operating
margins largely due to the decrease in wash volume of 6.9% as compared to the
prior year, combined with increased insurance premiums and related claim costs,
lease termination costs related to an underperforming car wash property closed
in 2003, and an increase in labor costs as a percent of revenues of
approximately two percentage points. This deterioration in wash and detailing
operating margins was partially offset by certain temporary and permanent cost
savings measures instituted in March of 2003, including reductions in payroll
and related benefit costs, repairs and maintenance costs and certain other
operating expenses.

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002 were $31.8 million or 72%
of revenues with car washing and detailing costs at 70% of respective revenues,
lube and other automotive services costs at 78% of respective revenues, and fuel
and merchandise costs at 87% of respective revenues. Cost of revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2001 were $34.1 million, or 71% of revenues with car
wash and detailing costs at 69% of respective revenues, lube and other
automotive services costs at 77% of respective revenues, and fuel and
merchandise costs at 89% of respective revenues.

With only a slight decrease in average wash and detailing revenues per car in
2002 and our continued emphasis on controlling direct labor and other operating
costs such as wash and detailing chemicals and supplies, car damages, uniform
expense, and repairs and maintenance costs, we experienced only a one percentage
point reduction in wash and detailing gross margins in 2002 despite the 8.4%
volume decline previously noted. We also experienced a slight increase in our
direct wash and detailing labor costs as a percent of car wash and detail
revenues to 48% in 2002 as compared to 47% in 2001 as a result of the volume
decline.


   Security Products

During 2001 and for the first four months of 2002, pursuant to a Management
Agreement, no costs were incurred by us. Cost of revenues were $3.5 million or
62% of revenues and $1.5 million or 61% of revenues for 2003 and 2002,
respectively.


                                       26

<PAGE>



Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31,
2003 were $9.5 million compared to $8.4 million for the same period in 2002, an
increase of approximately $1.1 million or 13%. SG&A costs as a percent of
revenues were 19.4% for 2003 as compared to 18.1% in 2002. The increase in SG&A
costs is primarily the result of recommencing operation of the Security Products
Segment in May 2002, which along with the growth in the Electronic Surveillance
Products Division added a combined $1.2 million of SG&A costs in 2003. The
Company also incurred approximately $168,000 of legal fees through December 31,
2003 related to the investigation being conducted by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. These increases in costs were partially
offset by certain temporary and permanent cost saving measures initiated in
March of 2003, including reductions in payroll and related benefit costs.

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31,
2002 were $8.4 million compared to $7.4 million for the same period in 2001, an
increase of approximately $1.0 million or 14%. SG&A costs as a percent of
revenues were 18.0% for 2002 as compared to 15.3% in 2001. The increase in SG&A
costs was primarily the result of recommencing operation of the Security
Products Segment in May 2002, which, along with the acquisition of the assets
and operations of Micro-Tech, added a combined $0.9 million of SG&A costs in
2002. We also experienced an increase in certain credit card and bank charges
and a significant increase in insurance costs. These increases were partially
offset by a decrease in administrative salaries and certain office costs.


Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization totaled $2.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2003 and December 31, 2002.

Depreciation and amortization totaled $2.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2002 as compared to $2.8 million for 2001. This decrease was primarily
attributable to the adoption of SFAS 142 on January 1, 2002, under which the
Company no longer amortizes goodwill and other intangible assets determined to
have indefinite useful lives. This decrease of approximately $900,000 in
amortization costs was partially offset by increased depreciation expense as a
result of recent property and equipment purchases and recommencing operation of
the Security Products Segment in May 2002.


Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

Our policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized expenditures
relating to proposed acquisitions that in our current opinion will not be
consummated. During 2002 and 2001, the costs of previously capitalized
expenditures related to proposed acquisitions totaled approximately $57,000 and
$135,000, respectively. These costs, which principally related to several
possible acquisitions we pursued outside the car wash industry, are primarily
related to due diligence costs.

Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held, and used and assets to be disposed of, for possible impairment when
events and circumstances warrant such a review. During the year ended December
31, 2002, we wrote down assets determined to be impaired by approximately $1.2
million. The asset write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites
in Texas and two full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that
due to poor demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of
these sites, their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover
their respective carrying values. During the quarter ended June 30, 2003, we
further wrote down the assets related to one of the full service car wash sites
in Arizona which we partially wrote down at December 31, 2002, by an additional
$351,000. The additional write-down was the result of the impending loss of a
significant customer of this site resulting in an additional reduction of the
future expected cash flows of this site and the ability to recover the site's
carrying value. The Company closed the facility effective September 30, 2003. We
continue to market the remaining two sites for sale and have written down these
two assets to their estimated fair market values.

In the fourth quarter of 2003, as a result of the annual impairment test of
Goodwill and Other Intangibles in accordance with SFAS 142, we recorded an
impairment of approximately $3.4 million related to our Northeast region
reporting unit of our Car and Truck Wash Segment. This was principally due to a
reduction in future projected cash flows resulting from extended departures from
our historic revenue levels as a result of inclement weather and a slower
economy.

                                       27

<PAGE>

Interest Expense, Net

Interest expense, net of interest income, for the year ended December 31, 2003,
was $2.0 million compared to $2.2 million for 2002. This decrease in our
interest expense was the result of a decrease in interest rates on approximately
50% of our long-term debt which has interest rates tied to the prime rate and a
reduction in our outstanding debt as a result of normal principal payments.

Interest expense, net of interest income, for the year ended December 31, 2002,
was $2.2 million compared to $2.9 million for 2001. This decrease in our
interest expense was the result of a decrease in interest rates on approximately
50% of our long-term debt which has interest rates tied to the prime rate and a
reduction in our outstanding debt as a result of normal principal payments.

Other Income

Other income for 2003 was $438,000 compared to $327,000 for 2002. Included in
2003 is a $107,000 gain on the sale of a car wash facility in our Northeast
region.

Other income for 2002 was $327,000 compared to $514,000 for 2001. The primary
reason for the decrease was that the 2001 figure included a $216,000 gain on the
sale of a car wash facility in August of 2001.

Income Taxes

We recorded income tax (benefit) expense of $(50,000), $(32,000), and $534,000
for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. Income tax
(benefit) expense reflects the recording of income taxes on (loss) income before
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle at effective rates of
approximately 1%, 36%, and 37% for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and
2001, respectively. In 2003, no income tax benefit was recorded on the Northeast
region reporting unit goodwill impairment of approximately $3.4 million due to
the non-deductibility of the goodwill. The effective rate differs from the
federal statutory rate for each year primarily due to state and local income
taxes, non-deductible costs related to intangibles, fixed asset adjustments and
changes to the valuation allowance.

In 2002, we recorded an income tax benefit related to the cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle of approximately $2.2 million which reflects an
effective rate of 36% for the impairment in the Arizona and truck wash reporting
units. No income tax benefit was recorded for the Northeast region reporting
unit goodwill impairment due to the non-deductibility of the goodwill.

At December 31, 2003, we had approximately $21.0 million of net operating loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes. Components of the net operating
loss carryforwards include $19.8 million from continuing operations and $1.2
million from acquired net operating losses attributable to the acquisition of
Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Liquidity

Cash and cash equivalents were $3.4 million at December 31, 2003. The ratio of
our total debt to total capitalization, which consists of total debt plus
stockholders' equity, was 37% at December 31, 2003, 37% at December 31, 2002,
and 35% at December 31, 2001.

Our business requires a substantial amount of capital, most notably to pursue
our expansion strategies, including our current expansion in the electronic
surveillance products business, and for equipment purchases and upgrades for our
Car and Truck Wash Segment. We plan to meet these capital needs from various
financing sources, including borrowings, internally generated funds, and the
issuance of common stock if the market price of the Company's stock improves.

As of December 31, 2003, we had working capital of approximately $270,000. At
December 31, 2002, working capital was a negative $2.2 million, including cash
and cash equivalents of $6.2 million. The change in working capital at December
31, 2003 is primarily attributable to renewal and reclassification to
non-current liabilities of approximately $6.4 million of 15-year amortizing
loans with our current lender. This was partially offset by reclassification to
current liabilities of approximately $3.2 million of additional loans due and up
for renewal in June through October, 2004. The Company intends to renew these
loans with the current lender. Although the Company has been successful in
renewing similar loans with the current lender in the past, including the
renewal of the above mentioned loans in 2003 totaling $6.4 million for a five
year renewal period, there can be no assurance that our lender will continue to
provide us with renewals or with renewals at favorable terms.

                                       28

<PAGE>


We estimate aggregate capital expenditures for our Car and Truck Wash Segment,
exclusive of acquisitions of businesses, of approximately $500,000 for the year
ending December 31, 2004. In October 2002, we purchased a building as a
warehouse, production and administrative facility for our new electronic
surveillance products operations. In October 2003, we purchased additional
warehouse and office space adjacent to the original facility. We financed a
portion of the $885,000 total purchase price of our facility with a long-term
mortgage of approximately $728,000. Additionally, we have spent approximately
$4.2 million to date in developing our Electronic Surveillance Products
Division, including the acquisition costs of Micro-Tech and Vernex and the cost
of developing and purchasing inventory for our expanded product line. We will
continue to expend significant cash for the purchasing of inventory as we
introduce new electronic surveillance products in the future.


   Debt Capitalization and Other Financing Arrangements

At December 31, 2003, we had borrowings of approximately $31.3 million. We had
three letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2003, totaling $825,000 as
collateral relating to workers' compensation insurance policies. We maintain a
revolving credit facility to provide financing for additional electronic
surveillance product inventory purchases.

During 2000 and 2001, we refinanced on a long term basis under favorable terms
the majority of our short term debt related to our 1999 and 2000 acquisitions.
Several of our debt agreements, as amended, contain certain affirmative and
negative covenants and require the maintenance of certain levels of tangible net
worth and the maintenance of certain debt coverage ratios on a consolidated
level. At December 31, 2003, we were not in compliance with our consolidated
debt coverage ratio related to our GMAC notes payable. With respect to the GMAC
notes payable, the Company has received a waiver of acceleration of the notes
through January 1, 2005. Additionally, the Company has entered into amendments
to the Bank One term loan agreements as of December 31, 2003. The Company is
currently in compliance with these covenants as amended. The Company initiated
certain temporary and permanent cost savings measures in March of 2003,
including reductions in payroll expense and certain operating costs to enable it
to maintain compliance with the Bank One consolidated debt coverage ratio. These
savings through December 31, 2003 totaled approximately $425,000. Additional
temporary and permanent cost saving measures were intiated in March of 2004,
including further reductions in payroll expenses and certain operating costs,
along with an increase in prices within the Car and Truck Wash Segment to enable
the Company to maintain compliance with the Bank One consolidated debt coverage
ratio. The amended debt coverage ratio with Bank One requires the Company to
maintain a consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization ("EBITDA") to debt service ( collectively " the debt coverage
ratio") of 1.1 to 1 at December 31, 2003 and in the future. As of March 11,
2004, the preliminary operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2004
indicate that we should meet the Bank One required debt coverage ratio as of
March 31, 2004; however, we cannot provide assurance that favorable operating
trends will continue through March 31, 2004. If we default on any of the Bank
One covenants or the GMAC covenant in the future, the Company will need to
obtain further amendments or waivers from these lenders. If the Company is
unable to obtain waivers or amendments in the future, Bank One debt totaling
$14.9 million and GMAC debt totaling $11.6 million recorded as long-term debt at
December 31, 2003 would become due on demand.

The Company's ongoing ability to comply with its debt covenants under its credit
arrangements and refinance its debt depends largely on the achievement of
adequate levels of cash flow. Our cash flow has been and could continue to be
adversely affected by weather patterns and economic conditions. In the event
that non-compliance with the debt covenants should reoccur, the Company would
pursue various alternatives to successfully resolve the non-compliance, which
might include, among other things, seeking additional debt covenant waivers or
amendments, or refinancing debt with other financial institutions. Although the
Company believes that it would be successful in resolving potential
non-compliance with its debt covenants, or refinancing its current debt, there
can be no assurance that further debt covenant waivers or amendments would be
obtained or that the debt would be refinanced with other financial institutions
on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain renewals of our loans or
refinancings on favorable terms, our ability to operate would be materially and
adversely affected.

The Company is obligated under various operating leases, primarily for certain
equipment and real estate within the Car and Truck Wash Segment. Certain of
these leases contain purchase options, renewal provisions, and contingent
rentals for a proportionate share of taxes, utilities, insurance, and annual
cost of living increases. Future minimum lease payments under operating leases
with initial or remaining noncancellable lease terms in excess of one year as of
December 31, 2003 are as follows: 2004 - $1.3 million; 2005 - $1.0 million; 2006
- - $616,000; 2007 - $501,000; 2008 - $369,000; and thereafter - $1.1 million.

                                       29

<PAGE>


The following are summaries of our contractual obligations and other commercial
commitments at December 31, 2003 (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                        Payments Due By Period
                                          ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>               <C>                <C>              <C>             <C>
Contractual Obligations                       Total             2004           2005 - 2006       2007 - 2008    Thereafter
- -----------------------                   -------------     -------------      -------------    -------------   ------------
Long-term debt, including capital         $      31,286     $       5,520      $      4,935     $     11,273    $      9,558
leases
Minimum operating lease payments                  4,853             1,280             1,582              870           1,121
                                          -------------     -------------      -------------    -------------   ------------
                                          $      36,139     $       6,800      $      6,517     $     12,143    $     10,679
                                          =============     =============      ============     ============    ============

                                                                     Amounts Expiring Per Period


Other Commercial Commitments                  Total             2004           2005 - 2006      2007 - 2008      Thereafter
- -----------------------                   -------------     -------------      -------------    -------------   ------------

Line of Credit                            $         500     $         500 (1)  $         -      $         -     $         -

Standby Letters of Credit                           825               825                -                -               -
                                          -------------     -------------      -------------    -------------   ------------
                                          $       1,325     $       1,325      $         -      $         -     $         -
                                          =============     =============      =============    =============   =============

</TABLE>


(1) There were no borrowings outstanding under the Company's line of credit at
December 31, 2002 or 2003.

On April 5, 2000, we executed a master facility agreement with Fusion Capital
Fund II, LLC ("Fusion") pursuant to which Fusion agreed to enter into up to two
equity purchase agreements, each with an aggregate principal amount of $12
million. The master facility agreement expired on February 20, 2003. The first
equity purchase agreement was executed by Fusion on April 17, 2000. Proceeds
from purchased shares through December 31, 2001 totaled approximately $1.3
million. There were no purchased shares in 2002 or 2003.

   Cash Flows

Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $137,000
for the year ended December 31, 2003. Cash provided by operating activities in
2003 was impacted by working capital used for the expansion of the new
Electronic Surveillance Products Division and the effect of increased inclement
weather, especially in the Northeast and Texas regions, along with the impact of
a slower economy.

Investing Activities. Cash used in investing activities totaled $569,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2003. The use of cash in 2003 reflects $1.1 million for
capital expenditures, including $873,000 relating to ongoing car care operations
and $234,000 for the expansion of the new Electronic Surveillance Products
Division. These expenditures were offset partially by $598,000 of cash proceeds
from the sale of a car wash facility in our Northeast region.

Financing Activities. Cash used in financing activities was $2.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2003. This reflects routine principal payments on debt
of $2.4 million, proceeds from the issuance of stock under the Company's stock
option plans of $40,000, and $14,000 for the purchase and retirement of shares
of our common stock.

Seasonality and Inflation

The Company believes that its car washing and detailing operations are adversely
affected by extended periods of inclement weather. In particular, long periods
of rain and cloudy weather adversely affect our car wash volumes and related
lube and other automotive services as people typically do not wash their cars
during such periods. Additionally, extended periods of warm, dry weather may
encourage customers to wash their cars themselves which also can adversely
affect our car wash business. The Company has mitigated the risk of unfavorable
weather patterns by having operations in diverse regions.

                                       30

<PAGE>


The Company believes that inflation and changing prices have not had, and are
not expected to have, any material adverse effect on its results of operations
in the near future.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

We are not materially exposed to market risks arising from fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, or equity prices.

Interest Rate Exposure

A significant portion of our debt is at fixed rates, and as such, changes in
market interest rates would not significantly impact operating results unless
and until such debt would need to be refinanced at maturity. Substantially all
of our variable rate debt obligations are tied to the prime rate, as is our
incremental borrowing rate. Therefore, a one percent increase in the prime rate
would not have a material effect on the fair value of our variable rate debt at
December 31, 2003.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The reports of independent certified public accountants and Consolidated
Financial Statements are included in Part III, ITEM 15 of this Report beginning
on page F-1.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
              ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

In January 2000, we selected the international accounting firm of Grant Thornton
LLP to serve as our new independent accountants for the audit of the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 1999. The
appointment of Grant Thornton LLP as continuing auditors for the years ended
December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003 were approved by our Board of Directors and
ratified by our Stockholders at the Company's Annual Meetings.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company's management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with
the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2003. Based on this
evaluation and as of the date of the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material
information required to be included in the Company's periodic filings with The
Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, reviewed the Company's internal
controls, and there have been no significant changes in the Company's internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect those controls
subsequent to the date of their last evaluation.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       Name                         Age       Position

<S>                                                    <C>    <C>
 Louis D. Paolino, Jr........................          47     Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive
                                                              Officer
 Robert M. Kramer............................          51     Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, General
                                                              Counsel and Secretary
 Gregory M. Krzemien.........................          44     Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Ronald R. Pirollo...........................          45     Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller
 Matthew J. Paolino..........................          39     Director, Vice President
 Mark S. Alsentzer...........................          48     Director
 Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D. . . . . . . . .       58     Director
 Burton Segal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       60     Director

</TABLE>


                                       31

<PAGE>


All of the Mace's directors serve for terms of one year each until their
successors are elected and qualified.

Louis D. Paolino, Jr. has served as the Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 1999. From June 1996 through
December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. Prior thereto, he was
President of Soil Remediation of Philadelphia, Inc., a company engaged in the
business of treating contaminated soil. From September 1993 to June 1996, Mr.
Paolino served as a Vice President of USA Waste Services, Inc. From November
1995 to January 1996, Mr. Paolino served on the Board of Directors of Metal
Management, Inc., formerly known as General Parametrics Corp., a publicly traded
company. Mr. Paolino received a B.S. in Civil Engineering from Drexel
University. Mr. Paolino is 47 years old.

Robert M. Kramer has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and
Secretary of the Company since May 1999, and as Chief Operating Officer since
July 2000. Mr. Kramer also served as a director of the Company from May 1999 to
December 2003. From June 1996 through December 1998, he served as General
Counsel, Executive Vice President and Secretary of Eastern Environmental
Services, Inc. Mr. Kramer is an attorney and has practiced law since 1979 with
various firms, including Blank Rome Comisky & McCauley, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania and Arent Fox Kitner Poltkin & Kahn, Washington, D.C. From 1989 to
December 2000, Mr. Kramer had been the sole partner of Robert M. Kramer &
Associates, P.C., a law firm which consisted of three lawyers. From December
1989 to December 1997, Mr. Kramer served on the Board of Directors of American
Capital Corporation, a registered securities broker dealer. Mr. Kramer received
B.S. and J.D. degrees from Temple University Law School. Mr. Kramer is 51 years
old.

Gregory M. Krzemien has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of
the Company since May 1999. From August 1992 through December 1998, he served as
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc.
From October 1988 to August 1992, Mr. Krzemien was a senior audit manager with
Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Krzemien received a B.S. degree in Accounting from the
Pennsylvania State University and is a certified public accountant. Mr. Krzemien
is 44 years old.

Ronald R. Pirollo has served as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate
Controller of the Company since May 1999. Mr. Pirollo served as Vice President
and Corporate Controller of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. from July 1997
to June 1999. Prior thereto, Mr. Pirollo was with Envirite Corporation for ten
years, where he served in various financial management positions including Vice
President - Finance. Mr. Pirollo received a B.S. degree in Accounting and an MBA
from Villanova University. Mr. Pirollo is 45 years old.

Matthew J. Paolino has served as a director and as a Vice President of the
Company since May 1999. From 1996 to December 1998, Mr. Paolino served as a
director of Eastern Environmental Services, Inc. as well as Vice President of
Risk Management, Asset Management and Special Waste Divisions of Eastern
Environmental Services, Inc. From 1993 to 1996, Mr. Paolino served as Vice
President and General Manager - Soil Remediation Division of USA Waste Services,
Inc., which was acquired by Eastern in August 1997. Mr. Paolino received a B.S.
degree in Civil Engineering from Villanova University in 1986 and a J.D. degree
from the Widener School of Law in 1994. Mr. Paolino is the brother of Louis D.
Paolino, Jr., the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. Mr. Paolino is 39 years old.

Mark S. Alsentzer has served as a director of the Company since December 1999.
From December 1996 through the present, Mr. Alsentzer has been President and
Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Plastic Lumber Corporation (a plastic and lumber
and recycling company). From 1992 to December 1996, Mr. Alsentzer served as Vice
President of Republic Environmental Systems, Inc. (an environmental services
company). Mr. Alsentzer also serves as a director, and since January 4, 2000, as
Chairman of the Board, of U.S. Plastic Lumber Corporation. Mr. Alsentzer is 48
years old.

Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D. has served as a director of the Company since
May 1999. From 1995 through the present, Dr. Papadakis has been President of
Drexel University. From 1986 through 1995, Dr. Papadakis was Dean of the College
of Engineering, Geier Professor of Engineering Education and Professor of Civil
Engineering at the University of Cincinnati. Dr. Papadakis also serves on the
board of directors of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. Dr. Papadakis is 58 years
old.

Burton Segal has served as a director of the Company since December 2003. From
1973 through the present, Mr. Segal has been a Principal in the Accounting firm
of Burton Segal & Co., Certified Public Accountants.

                                       32

<PAGE>


Audit Committee Financial Expert

The Board of Directors has determined that Burton Segal, the Chairman of the
Company's Audit Committee, is an audit committee financial expert as defined by
Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act.

Audit Committee

The Company has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in
accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The members of the
Audit Committee are Burton Segal, Chairman, Mark S. Alsentzer and Constantine N.
Papadakis, Ph.D. The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the
Audit Committee is independent within the meaning of Rule 4200(a)(15) of the
National Association of Securities Dealers' listing standards.

Code of Ethics and Corporate Governance

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for directors,
officers (including the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and
chief accounting officer) and employees. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
is posted on our website at www.mace.com.

The Board of Directors adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines. Stockholders are
encouraged to review the Corporate Governance Guidelines at our website
www.mace.com for information concerning the Company's governance practices.
Copies of the charters of the committees of the Board are also available on the
Company's website.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Mace's directors and executive
officers, as well as persons beneficially owning more than 10% of Mace's
outstanding shares of common stock and certain other holders of such shares
(collectively, "Covered Persons"), to file with the Commission and the NASDAQ
Stock Market (the "NASDAQ"), within specified time periods, initial reports of
ownership, and subsequent reports of changes in ownership, of common stock and
other equity securities of Mace. Based upon Mace's review of copies of such
reports furnished to it and upon representations of Covered Persons that no
other reports were required, to Mace's knowledge, all of the Section 16(a)
filings required to be made by the Covered Persons with respect to 2003 were
made on a timely basis.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The following table provides summary information concerning cash and certain
other compensation paid or accrued by Mace to or on behalf of Mace's Chief
Executive Officer and each of the other most highly compensated executive
officers of Mace whose compensation exceeded $100,000 (the "Named Executive
Officers") for the three years ended December 31, 2003.

                                       33

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                        SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE(1)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               Long-Term
                                                                              Compensation
                                Fiscal Year                                      Awards
NAME AND                           ended          Annual    Compensation       Securities
PRINCIPAL POSITIONS            December 31,       Salary    Bonus             Underlying
                                                                              Options (#)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>     <C>         <C>               <C>
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
President, Chief Executive              2003    $315,077      -               150,000
 Officer and Chairman of the            2002    $320,000      -                87,500
 Board                                  2001    $320,000      -                    -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Robert M. Kramer
     Executive Vice President,
     Chief Operating Officer,           2003   $155,692       -               150,000
     General Counsel and                2002   $151,202       -                37,500
      Secretary                         2001   $137,500       -                50,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Gregory M. Krzemien                     2003   $135,492       -               150,000
Chief Financial Officer and             2002   $131,596       -                37,500
 Treasurer                              2001   $121,000       -                50,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ronald R. Pirollo
        Chief Accounting
         Officer                        2003   $118,427       -              100,000
        and Corporate                   2002   $117,615       -               15,000
         Controller                     2001   $112,500       -               30,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>


(1)  The columns captioned "Annual Compensation - Other Annual Compensation,"
     "Long-Term Compensation - Restricted Stock Awards," "LTIP Payouts," and
     "All Other Compensation" have been omitted because, in the first case, none
     of the Named Executive Officers received other annual compensation
     exceeding either $50,000 or 10% of such officer's total annual salary and
     bonus and, in the other cases, because the Company (i) made no restricted
     stock awards, (ii) maintained no long-term incentive plan, and (iii) paid
     no other compensation to the Named Executive Officers, in each case during
     the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2003. Additionally, the Company
     has not issued any stock appreciation rights (SARs) in any of the past
     three years.


Director Compensation

Mace does not pay fees to directors, but pays non-employee directors reasonable
travel and out-of-pocket expenses relating to their attendance at meetings.

On October 18, 2000, Mace granted options to purchase 10,000 shares of Mace
common stock at $2.563 per share to each of Mace's outside directors, Richard B.
Muir, Mark S. Alsentzer and Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D., for their service
on the Board of Directors during 2000. Additionally, on October 18, 2000, Mace
granted options to purchase 5,000 shares of Mace common stock at $2.563 per
share to each of Mace's directors, Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Robert M. Kramer,
Matthew J. Paolino, Jon E. Goodrich, Richard B. Muir, Mark S. Alsentzer and
Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D., for agreeing to serve on the Board of Directors
for 2001. Additionally, on April 4, 2002, Mace's outside directors, Richard B.
Muir, Mark S. Alsentzer and Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D., were each granted
options to purchase 12,500 shares of Mace common stock at $2.36 per share for
their service on the Board of Directors in 2002.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

Stock options are issued periodically to employees at an exercise price of no
less than the then current market price of the Common Stock and generally expire
ten years from the date of grant. Allocation of available options and vesting
schedules are at the discretion of the Compensation Committee and are determined
by potential contribution to, or impact upon, the overall performance of the
Company by the executives and employees. Stock options are also issued
periodically to members of the Board of Directors. These options may have
similar terms as those issued to officers or may vest immediately. The purpose
of the Stock Option Plan, which has been approved by the stockholders of the
Company, is to provide a means of performance-based compensation in order to
provide incentive for the Company's employees. Warrants have been issued in
connection with the purchase of certain businesses and to a director. The terms
of the warrants have been established by the Board of Directors of the Company.
Certain of the warrants have been approved by stockholders.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company's Stock
Option Plan and warrants as of December 31, 2003.

                                       34

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            (c)
                                                                   Number of securities
                                   (a)                 (b)          remaining available
                           Number of securities Weighted average    for future issuance
                            to be issued upon    exercise price        under equity
                               exercise of       of outstanding     compensation plans
Plan Category                  outstanding          options,       (excluding securities
                            options, warrants     warrants and      reflected in column
                                and rights            rights                (a))
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>                   <C>                 <C>

Equity compensation plans
 approved by stockholders            2,590,015             $3.92               5,586,237
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Equity compensation plans
 not approved by
 stockholders                          274,550             $9.11                     N/A
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>


Option and Warrant Grants in Last Fiscal Year

The following table sets forth certain information concerning individual grants
of stock options to the Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2003.



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                      OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR (1)
                               (Individual Grants)

                                        % of Total                                   Potential
                            Number of     Options                                    Realizable
                             Securities Granted to                                    Value at
                             Underlying  Employees    Exercise                      Assumed Rates
                              Options    in Fiscal     Price       Expiration         of Stock
Name                        Granted (2)   Year (1)       Per          Date             Price
                                                       Share                        Appreciation
                                                                                         for
                                                                                   Option Term
                                                                                 5%          10%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                            <C>             <C>      <C>          <C>  <C> <C>       <C>
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.          150,000         19.0%    $1.32        7/14/13  $124,521  $315,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Gregory M. Krzemien            150,000         19.0%    $1.32        7/14/13  $124,521  $315,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Robert M. Kramer               150,000         19.0%    $1.32        7/14/13  $124,521  $315,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ronald R. Pirollo              100,000         12.6%    $1.69       11/14/13  $106,000  $269,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  The Company granted options and warrants to employees to purchase a total
     of 791,000 shares of common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31,
     2003. All of these grants were made at fair market value.

(2)  Options vest at the rate of 1/3 at date of grant, 1/3 on the six-month
     anniversary date from date of grant, and 1/3 on the one-year anniversary
     date from the date of the grant.

Aggregated Option and Warrant Exercises in Last Fiscal Year

The following table sets forth certain information regarding stock options held
by the Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003,
including the number and value of exercisable and unexercisable stock options as
of December 31, 2003. No options were exercised by any of the Named Executive
Officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003. In-the-money options
are those for which the fair market value of the underlying securities exceeds
the exercise price of the option. The closing transaction price of the Company's
common stock on December 31, 2003 was $2.09 per share.

                                       35

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

   AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR AND YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

                             Number of Securities
                                 Underlying                     Value of Unexercised
                             Unexercised Options                    In-the-money
                            at Fiscal Year End 2003         Options/SARs at Year End 2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name                     Exercisable       Unexercisable   Exercisable     Unexercisable
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>               <C>             <C>             <C>

Louis D. Paolino,
 Jr.                           113,334             129,166     $38,500             $77,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gregory M. Krzemien            187,500             112,500     $74,250             $77,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Robert M. Kramer               230,000             112,500     $74,250             $77,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ronald R. Pirollo              103,334              71,666     $34,784             $26,666
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>



Employment Agreements

Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Employment Agreement

Mace currently employs Louis D. Paolino, Jr., as its President and Chief
Executive Officer under a three-year employment agreement dated August 12, 2003.
The principal terms of the employment agreement include: annual salary of
$400,000; a car allowance not to exceed $1,500 per month; provision of certain
medical and other employee benefits; prohibition against competing with Mace
during employment and for a three-month period following a termination of
employment; and a $2.5 million payment in the event that Mr. Paolino's
employment is terminated for certain reasons set forth in the employment
agreement. The termination payment is not due in the event of termination due to
death or disability or certain prohibited conduct, as more fully set forth in
the employment agreement. The termination payment is due if Mr. Paolino is
terminated for unsatisfactory job performance. The employment agreement also
entitles Mr. Paolino to a $2.5 million change-of-control bonus.

Other Executive Employment Agreements

The primary terms of the employment agreements for Robert M. Kramer, Gregory M.
Krzemien, and Ronald R. Pirollo expired on March 26, 2003. Messrs. Kramer and
Krzemien are working on a month-to-month, at-will basis. Mr. Pirollo or the
Company may terminate Mr. Pirollo's employment at any time. Under the prior
employment agreements, Mace granted to each of these executive officers options
to purchase shares of Mace common stock at $5.375 per share that vest over a
period of four years. The table below discloses the current salary and initial
option grants for these executive officers.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


         Name                          Office                                  Annual Salary           Option Grant

         <S>                           <C>                                     <C>                     <C>
         Robert M. Kramer              Chief Operating Officer, Executive      $156,250                 100,000
                                       Vice President, General Counsel,
                                       and Secretary

         Gregory M. Krzemien           Chief Financial Officer                 $135,500                  62,500
                                       and Treasurer

         Ronald R. Pirollo             Chief Accounting Officer                $119,500                  25,000
                                       and Corporate Controller

</TABLE>


The information in the sections entitled "Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation" "Board Compensation Committee Report on Executive
Compensation," and "Performance Graph" in the Proxy Statement to be filed by us
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days
after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 (the "Proxy
Statement") is incorporated herein by reference.

                                       36

<PAGE>


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Beneficial Ownership

The following beneficial ownership table sets forth information as of January
31, 2004, regarding beneficial ownership of shares of Mace common stock by the
following persons:

- --   each person who is known to Mace to own beneficially more than 5% of the
     outstanding shares of Mace common stock, based upon Mace's records or the
     records of the Securities and Exchange Commission;

- --   each director of Mace;

- --   each Named Executive Officer; and

- --   all directors and executive officers of Mace as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, to Mace's knowledge, all persons listed on the
beneficial ownership table below have sole voting and investment power with
respect to their shares of Mace common stock. Shares of Mace common stock
subject to options or warrants exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2004,
are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
the person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for
computing the percentage ownership of any other person.



Name and Address of               Amount and Nature of         Percentage of
Beneficial Owner                   Beneficial Ownership   Common Stock Owned (1)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
 1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400
 Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054                       2,812,474 (2)                21.3%

Excel Legacy Holdings, Inc.
 16955 Via Del Campo
 San Diego, CA 92127                        1,906,250 (3)                15.3

Mark S. Alsentzer                             552,500 (4)                 4.4

Matthew J. Paolino                            269,354 (5)                 2.2

Robert M. Kramer                              387,324 (6)                 3.0

Gregory M. Krzemien                           262,750 (7)                 2.1

Ronald R. Pirollo                             108,334 (8)                    *

Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.                47,500 (9)                    *

All current directors and
 executive officers as a group (7
 persons)                                  4,440,236 (10)                31.7



* Less than 1% of the outstanding shares of Mace common stock.

(1)  Percentage calculation is based on 12,451,771 shares outstanding on January
     31, 2004.
(2)  Includes (i) warrants to acquire 568,182 shares, and (ii) options to
     purchase 163,334 shares.
(3)  Includes (i) 1,750,000 shares and (ii) warrants to purchase 31,250 shares,
     all held by Millennia Car Wash LLC, a limited liability company wholly
     owned by Excel Legacy Holdings, Inc.
(4)  Includes (i) warrants to purchase 25,000 shares and (ii) options to
     purchase 27,500 shares.
(5)  Includes options to purchase 67,500 shares.
(6)  Includes (i) warrants to acquire 37,500 shares and (ii) options to purchase
     280,000 shares.
(7)  Includes options to purchase 237,500 shares.
(8)  Includes options to purchase 103,334 shares.
(9)  Represents options to purchase 47,500 shares.
(10) See Notes 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 above.

                                       37

<PAGE>


Equity Compensation Plan Information

See the information contained under the heading "Equity Compensation Plan
Information" within Item 11 of this Form 10-K regarding shares authorized for
issuance under equity compensation plans approved by stockholders and not
approved by stockholders.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Effective August 1, 2000, Mace entered into a five-year lease with Bluepointe,
Inc., a corporation controlled by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Mace's Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and President, for Mace's executive offices in Mt. Laurel, New
Jersey. The lease terms were subject to a survey of local real estate market
pricing and approval by the Company's Audit Committee and provide for an initial
monthly rental payment of $15,962, which increases by 5% per year in the third
through fifth years of the lease. Mace believes that the terms of this lease
(based on an annual rate of $19.00 per square foot ) are competitive when
compared to similar facilities in the Mt. Laurel, New Jersey area. Mace has also
entered into a three-year furniture lease/purchase agreement with Bluepointe,
Inc., dated January 1, 2001, which provided for an initial payment of $20,000
and monthly rental payments thereafter of $4,513, for the use of the furnishings
in Mace's executive offices. The rental rates were based upon a third-party
valuation of the furnishings. The furniture lease has expired and Mace has
purchased the furniture.

The Company purchased charter airline services from Air Eastern, Inc., and LP
Learjets, LLC, charter airline companies owned by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the
Company's Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. The Company incurred
approximately $5,000 in 2003 and $29,000 in 2002 for such services. On November
6, 2001, the Audit Committee approved an arrangement subject to quarterly review
under which the Company prepays LP Learjets, LLC $5,109 per month for the right
to use a Learjet 31A for 100 hours per year. Additionally, when the Learjet 31A
is used, the Company pays to third parties unaffiliated with Louis D. Paolino,
Jr., the direct costs of the Learjet's per-hour use, which include fuel, pilot
fees, engine insurance and landing fees. As of July 2002, the Company is no
longer prepaying LP Learjets, LLC for the future right to use the Learjet 31A.

In February 2000, the Company entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the
Company through December, 2003. The Management Agreement entitled Mark Sport to
operate the Company's Security Products Segment and receive all profits or
losses for a seven-month term beginning January 1, 2000 in exchange for certain
payments to the Company. The Management Agreement was extended several times
through amendments. A February 21, 2002 amendment extended the term of the
Management Agreement through April 30, 2002, and reconciled the amount owed by
Mark Sport to the Company under the Management Agreement from February 2000
through December 31, 2001. Mark Sport and the Company agreed in the amendment
that Mark Sport, as of December 31, 2001, owed the Company $127,000, resulting
in a resolution of certain disputes and a reduction of the amounts owed by Mark
Sport of approximately $92,000. The Management Agreement expired on April 30,
2002 and was further amended on July 22, 2002 to reconcile the amount owed by
Mark Sport to Mace under the Management Agreement for the period January 1, 2002
through April 30, 2002. Mark Sport and Mace agreed in their final amendment that
Mark Sport owed the Company $100,000 for this period, resulting in a resolution
of certain disputes and a reduction of the amounts recorded by the Company as
owed by Mark Sport of approximately $39,000. At December 31, 2003, Mark Sport
owed the Company $127,000.

The Company's Consumer Products Division leases manufacturing and office space
under a five-year lease with Vermont Mill, Inc. ("Vermont Mill"), which provides
for monthly lease payments of $9,167 through November 2004. The Company has
exercised an option to continue the lease through November 2009. The rent will
increase by a CPI factor in November 2004. Vermont Mill is controlled by Jon E.
Goodrich, a director of the Company through December 2003. The Company believes
that the lease rate is lower than lease rates charged for similar properties in
the Bennington, Vermont area. On July 22, 2002, the lease was amended to provide
Mace the option and right to cancel the lease with proper notice and a payment
equal to six months of the then current rent for the leased space occupied by
Mace. On March 1, 2004, Vermont Mill agreed to pay the $127,000 that Mark Sport
owes the Company by giving the Company a monthly rent reduction of $1,762. The
rent credit commences in July 2004 and continues for 72 months.

                                       38

<PAGE>


Vermont Mill borrowed a total of $228,671 from the Company through December 31,
2001. On February 22, 2002, Vermont Mill executed a three year promissory note
with monthly installments of $7,061 including interest at a rate of 7%. The
Company's Lease Agreement with Vermont Mill provides for a right of offset of
lease payments against this promissory note in the event monthly payments are
not made by Vermont Mill. At December 31, 2003, the balance owed on this
promissory note was $102,000.

From January 1, 2003 through December 31, 2003, the Company's Electronic
Surveillance Products Division sold approximately $51,000 of electronic security
equipment to DSS, Inc. and approximately $22,000 to Security Systems and
Installations, Inc. Louis Paolino, III, the son of the Company's CEO, Louis D.
Paolino, Jr., is a one-third owner of DSS, Inc. and a fifty percent owner of
Security Systems and Installations, Inc. The pricing extended to DSS, Inc. and
Security Systems and Installations, Inc. is no more favorable than the pricing
given to third party customers who purchase in similar volume. Additionally,
DSS, Inc. was hired by the Company to install security cameras in several of the
Company's car washes at an installation fee of $6,800. At December 31, 2003,
DSS, Inc. and Security Systems and Installations, Inc. owed the Company
approximately $37,000 and $20,000, respectively.



ITEM 14.          PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Audit Fees. The Company was billed $115,103 through March 5, 2004, by Grant
Thornton LLP for the audit of Mace's annual financial statements for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2003, and for the review of the financial statements
included in Mace's Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q filed during 2003. The
company estimates approximately $25,000 of fees remain unbilled related to the
2003 audit as of March 5, 2004. The Company was billed $98,819 by Grant Thorton
LLP for audit of Mace's annual financial statements for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2002, and for the review of the financial statements included in
Mace's Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q filed during 2002.


Tax Services. The Company was billed $20,260 and $11,290 for tax compliance
services rendered by Grant Thornton LLP during 2003 and 2002, repectively.

All Other Fees. Mace was billed $17,983 for non-audit services, principally SEC
compliance services, rendered by Grant Thornton LLP during 2002.

Other Matters. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has considered
whether the provision of financial information systems design and implementation
services and other non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the
independence of Mace's independent auditors, Grant Thornton LLP. The Audit
Committee pre-approves all auditing services and permitted non-audit services
(including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for the Company by its
independent auditor, subject to the de minimus exceptions for non-audit services
described in Section 10A (i) (1) (B) of the Exchange Act which are approved by
the Committee prior to the completion of the audit. The Audit Committee may form
and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more members when
appropriate, including the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and
permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such subcommittee to
grant pre-approvals shall be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next
scheduled meeting.



                                       39

<PAGE>


ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

 (a) (1) Consolidated Financial Statements:
         Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants
         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2003 and 2002
         Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
          2003, 2002 and 2001
         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
          December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
          2003, 2002 and 2001
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 (a) (2) The requirements of Schedule II have been included in the Notes to
         Consolidated Financial Statements. All other schedules for which
         provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the
         United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("the Commision")
         are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable,
         and therefore, have been omitted.

 (a) (3) Exhibits:

         The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report (exhibits
         marked with an asterisk have been previously filed with the Commission
         and are incorporated herein by this reference):

           (a) Exhibits:

     *3.3      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mace Security International, Inc.
               (Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Report on Form 10-KSB for the year
               ended December 31, 1999 (the "1999 Form 10-KSB"))
     *3.4      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Mace
               Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 3.4 to the 1999 Form
               10-KSB)
     *3.5      Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of
               Incorporation of Mace Security International, Inc.
     *3.6      Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of
               Incorporation of Mace Security International, Inc.
     *10.3     1993 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (1)
     *10.22    Trademarks(1)
     *10.28    Warrants in connection with the acquisition of the assets of the
               KinderGard Corporation(2)
     *10.71    Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc. and
               Robert M. Kramer dated March 26, 1999 (3)
     *10.72    Employment Contract between Mace Security International, Inc. and
               Gregory M. Krzemien dated March 26, 1999 (3)
     *10.73    Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement between Louis D. Paolino, Red
               Mountain Holding, Ltd. and Mace Security International, Inc.
               dated April 13, 1999
     *10.74    Amendment No. 1 to Stock purchase Agreement, between Louis
               Paolino, Jr. and Mace Security International, Inc. dated April
               13, 1999
     *10.98    Mace Security International, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan
               (3).(Exhibit 10.98 to the June 30, 1999 Form 10-QSB dated August
               13, 1999)
     *10.123   Loan Agreement and Promissory Note dated February 17, 2000,
               between the Company, its subsidiary Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc.
               and Bank One, Texas, NA. (Exhibit 10.123 to the December 31, 1999
               Form 10-KSB dated March 29, 2000)
     *10.124   Business Loan Agreement dated January 31, 2000, between the
               Company, its subsidiary - Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.,
               and Bank One, Texas, N.A.; Promissory Note dated February 2, 2000
               between the same parties as above in the amount of $400,000
               (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-B, two
               additional Promissory Notes, which are substantially identical in
               all material respects except as to the amount of the Promissory
               Notes) are not being filed in the amount of: $19,643.97 and
               $6,482; and a Modification Agreement dated as of January 31, 2000
               between the same parties as above in the amount of $110,801.55
               (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-B,
               Modification Agreements, which are substantially identical in all
               material respects except to the amount of the Modification
               Agreement) are not being filed in the amounts of: $39,617.29,
               $1,947,884.87, $853,745.73, and $1,696,103.31.(Exhibit 10.124 to
               the December 31, 1999 Form 10-KSB dated March 29, 2000)


                                       40

<PAGE>

     *10.128   Form of Equity Purchase Agreement to be issued by Mace to Fusion
               Capital (included as Exhibit A to Master Facility Agreement in
               Exhibit 10.1 of S-3). (Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Form
               on S-3 dated April 11, 2000).
     *10.129   Master Facility Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2000, between
               Mace and Fusion Capital (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current
               Form on S-3 dated April 11, 2000).
     *10.130   Loan Agreement and Promissory Note dated November 28, 2000,
               between the Company, its subsidiary Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.
               and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of $6,754,400. (Exhibit
               10.130 to the December 31, 2000 Form 10-KSB dated March 20, 2001)
     *10.131   Lease Agreement dated August 1, 2000 among Mace Security
               International, Inc. and Bluepointe, Inc. (Exhibit 10.131 to the
               December 31, 2000 Form 10-KSB dated March 20, 2001)
     *10.132   Amendment dated March 13, 2001, to Business Loan Agreement
               between the Company, its subsidiary Colonial Full Service Car
               Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction 2
               to Item 601 of Regulation S-B, two additional amendments which
               are substantially identical in all material respects, except as
               to the borrower being Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc. and Mace Car
               Wash - Arizona, Inc., are not being filed).(Exhibit 10.132 to the
               December 31, 2000 Form 10-KSB dated March 20, 2001)
     *10.133   Modification Agreement between the Company, its subsidiary -
               Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A.
               in the amount of $2,216,000 (pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item
               601 of Regulation S-K, Modification Agreements, which are
               substantially identical in all material respects except to amount
               and extension date of the Modification Agreement are not being
               filed in the original amounts of $984,000 (extended to August 20,
               2004) and $1,970,000 (extended to June 21, 2004).(Exhibit 10.133
               to the June 30, 2001 Form 10-Q dated August 9, 2001)
     *10.134   Term Note dated November 6, 2001, between the Company, its
               subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Bank One,
               Texas, N.A. in the amount of $380,000.(Exhibit 10.134 to the
               September 30, 2001 Form 10-Q dated November 9, 2001)
     *10.135   Amendment dated February 21, 2002 to Management Agreement between
               the Company and Mark Sport, Inc. and original Management
               Agreement dated February 1, 2000 to which the amendment
               relates.(Exhibit 10.135 to the December 31, 2001 Form 10-K dated
               March 11, 2002)
     *10.136   Amendment dated February 25, 2002 to Lease Agreement between the
               Company and Vermont Mill Properties, Inc. and original Lease
               Agreement dated November 15, 1999 to which the amendment
               relates.(Exhibit 10.136 to the December 31, 2001 Form 10-K dated
               March 11, 2002)
     *10.137   Promissory Note between the Company and Vermont Mill Properties,
               Inc. dated February 22, 2002 in the amount of $228,671. (Exhibit
               10.137 to the December 31, 2001 Form 10-K dated March 11, 2002)
     *10.138   Extension dated February 6, 2002 of Equity Purchase Agreement
               between the Company and Fusion Capital Fund II, LLC. (Exhibit
               10.138 to the December 31, 2001 Form 10-K dated March 11, 2002)
     *10.139   Term note dated April 30, 2002, between the Company, its
               subsidiary, Mace Truck Wash, Inc., and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in
               the amount of $342,000.(Exhibit 10.139 to the June 30, 2002 Form
               10-Q dated August 14, 2002)
     *10.140   Master Lease Agreement dated June 10, 2002, between the Company,
               its subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc., and Banc
               One Leasing Corporation in the amount of $193,055. (Exhibit
               10.140 to the June 30, 2002 Form 10-Q dated August 14, 2002)
     *10.141   Amendment dated July 22, 2002 to Management Agreement between the
               Company and Mark Sport, Inc.(Exhibit 10.141 to the June 30, 2002
               Form 10-Q dated August 14, 2002)
     *10.142   Amendment dated July 22, 2002 to Lease Agreement between the
               Company and Vermont Mill Properties, Inc. (Exhibit 10.142 to the
               June 30, 2002 Form 10-Q dated August 14, 2002)
     *10.143   Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 12, 2002, by and
               among Micro-Tech Manufacturing, Inc. and Moshe Luski on the one
               hand, and Mace Security Products, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary
               of Mace Security International, Inc. (Exhibit 10.143 to September
               30, 2002 Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2002)
     *10.144   Lease Schedule and Addendum dated August 28, 2002 in the amount
               of $39,434 to Master Lease Agreement dated June 10, 2002, between
               the Company, its subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash,
               Inc., and Banc One Leasing Corporation. (Exhibit 10.144 to the
               September 30, 2002 Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2002)
     *10.145   Promissory Note and Loan Agreement dated October 31, 2002 between
               the Company, its subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc. and
               Wachovia Bank, N.A. in the amount of $480,000.(Exhibit 10.145 to
               the December 31, 2002 Form 10-K dated March 19, 2003)
     *10.146   Line of Credit Note and Credit Agreement dated December 15, 2002
               between the Company, its subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc.
               and Bank One Texas, N.A. in the amount of $500,000. (Exhibit
               10.146 to the December 31, 2002 Form 10-K dated March 19, 2003)
     *10.147   Amendment dated February 21, 2003 to Business Loan Agreement
               between the Company, its subsidiary, Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.,
               and Bank One, Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601
               of Regulation S-K, two additional amendments which are
               substantially identical in all material respects, except as to
               the borrower being Mace Truck Wash, Inc. and Mace Security
               Products, Inc., are not being filed). (Exhibit 10.147 to the
               December 31, 2002 Form 10-K dated March 19, 2003)

                                       41

<PAGE>

     *10.148   Note Modification Agreement dated February 21, 2003, between the
               Company, its subsidiary, Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc. and
               Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of $348,100. (Exhibit 10.148
               to the December 31, 2002 Form 10-K dated March 19, 2003)
     *10.149   Note Modification Agreement dated February 21, 2003, between the
               Company, its subsidiary, Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc. and Bank
               One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of $4,281,578.(Exhibit 10.149 to
               the December 31, 2002 Form 10-K dated March 19, 2003)
     *10.150   Modification Agreement dated March 14, 2003, between the Company,
               its subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc. and Wachovia Bank,
               N.A. (Exhibit 10.150 to the December 31, 2002 Form 10-K dated
               March 19, 2003)
     *10.151   Note Modification Agreement dated August 5, 2003, effective July
               10, 2003, between the Company, its subsidiary, Mace Car Wash -
               Arizona, Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the amount of
               $731,455. (Exhibit 10.151 to the June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q dated
               August 12, 2003)
     *10.152   Employment Contract dated August 12, 2003, between Mace Security
               International, Inc. and Louis D. Paolino, Jr. (Exhibit 10.152 to
               the June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q dated August 12, 2003)
     *10.153   Consolidated Promissory Note and Amended and Restated Loan
               Agreement dated October 20, 2003 between the Company, its wholly
               owned subsidiary, Mace Security Products, Inc. and Wachovia Bank,
               N.A. in the amount of $728,800. (Exhibit 10.153 to the September
               30, 2003 Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2003)
     *10.154   Amendment dated October 25, 2003 to Employment Contract dated
               August 12, 2003 by and between Mace Security International, Inc.
               and Louis D. Paolino, Jr. (Exhibit 10.154 to the September 30,
               2003 Form 10-Q dated November 12, 2003)
      10.155   Modification and Extension of Note and Ratification of Mortgage
               Liens dated November 28, 2003, between the Company, its
               subsidiary, Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A.
               in the amount of $5,723,079.
      10.156   Note Modification Agreement and Amendment to Credit Agreement
               dated December 15, 2003, between the Company, its subsidiary,
               Mace Security Products, Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the
               amount of $500,000.
      10.157   Note Modification Agreement and Amendment to Credit Agreement
               dated January 21, 2004, between the Company, its subsidiary,
               Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in
               the amount of $48,725.50.
      10.158   Credit Agreement dated as of December 31, 2003 between the
               Company, its subsidiary, Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc., and Bank
               One Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601of
               Regulation S-K, four additional credit agreements which are
               substantially identical in all material respects, except as to
               the borrower being Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc., Colonial Full
               Service Car Wash, Inc., Mace Security Products, Inc. and Mace
               Security International, Inc., are not being filed.)

       11         Statement Re: Computation of Per Share Earnings
       14         Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
       21         Subsidiaries of the Company
       23.1       Consent of Grant Thornton LLP
       24         Power of Attorney (included on signature page)
       31.1       Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
                   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
       31.2       Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
                   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
       32.1       Certification  of Chief  Executive  Officer  pursuant to 18
                   U.S.C.  Section 1350, as adopted  pursuant to
                  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
       32.2       Certification  of Chief  Financial  Officer  pursuant to 18
                   U.S.C.  Section 1350, as adopted  pursuant to
                  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

     *    Incorporated by reference

     +    Schedules and other attachments to the indicated exhibit have been
          omitted. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the
          Commission upon request a copy of any omitted schedules or
          attachments.

                                       42

<PAGE>

     (1)  Incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number filed with
          the Company's registration statement on Form SB-2 (33-69270) that was
          declared effective on November 12, 1993.
     (2)  Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-QSB report for the
          quarter ended 9/30/94 filed on November 14, 1994. It should be noted
          that Exhibits 10.25 through 10.34 were previously numbered 10.1
          through 10.10 in that report.
     (3)  Indicates a management contract or compensation plan or arrangement.


(b) Current Reports on Form 8-K or 8-K/A:

      On October 29, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K dated October
      29, 2003, under Item 5 and Item 12, to report the resignation of Richard
      B. Muir from the Company's Board of Directors due to other business
      commitments, and the election of Burton Segal to fill the vacancy.

      On November 12, 2003, the Company filed a report on Form 8-K dated
      November 12, 2003, under Item 7 and Item 12, to report the issuance of a
      press release announcing the Company's financial results for the fiscal
      quarter and nine month period ended September 30, 2003.


                                       43

<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


      MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.

      By:  /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
           ------------------------
      Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
      Chairman of the Board,
      Chief Executive Officer,
      and President

DATED the 12th day of March, 2004.

      KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned does hereby constitute
and appoint Louis D. Paolino, Jr. and Gregory M. Krzemien, or either of them
acting alone, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of
substitution and revocation for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities, to sign this Report on Form 10-K of Mace Security International,
Inc. and any and all amendments to the Report and to file the same with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done as fully to all intents and purposes as he
might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                             <C>                                         <C>
Name                                                       Title                               Date

/s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                        Chairman of the Board,                       3/12/04
- -------------------------                        Chief Executive Officer,
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.                            President and Director
                                                 (Principal Executive Officer)


/s/ Gregory M. Krzemien                          Chief Financial Officer                      3/12/04
- -----------------------                          and Treasurer (Principal
Gregory M. Krzemien                              Financial Officer)


/s/ Ronald R. Pirollo                            Chief Accounting Officer and                 3/12/04
- ---------------------                            Corporate Controller (Principal
Ronald R. Pirollo                                Accounting Officer)


/s/ Matthew J. Paolino                           Director, Vice President                     3/12/04
- ----------------------
Matthew J. Paolino

/s/ Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.              Director                                     3/12/04
- -----------------------------------
Constantine N. Papadakis, Ph.D.

/s/ Mark S. Alsentzer                            Director                                     3/12/04
- ---------------------
Mark S. Alsentzer

/s/ Burton Segal                                 Director                                     3/12/04
- ----------------
Burton Segal

</TABLE>

                                       44


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a4592736ex311.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX 31.1
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
            PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, Louis D. Paolino, Jr., certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mace Security
International, Inc.;

 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
report;

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(c)) for the registrant and we have:

 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

 b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and

 c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over
financial reporting.


 Date: March 11, 2004

 /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
 -------------------------
Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
Chief Executive Officer and President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a4592736ex312.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-31.2 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
            PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Gregory M. Krzemien, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mace Security
International, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(c)) for the registrant and we have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and

c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting;

 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
summerize and report financial information; and

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.


 Date: March 11, 2004

 /s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
Gregory M. Krzemien
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>a4592736ex321.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-32.1 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 32.1


Certification pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Louis D.
Paolino, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of Mace Security International, Inc.,
hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Form 10-K of Mace Security International, Inc. for the year ended December
31, 2003 (the "December 31, 2003 Form 10-K"), which this certification
accompanies, fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and information
contained in the December 31, 2003 Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Mace Security
International, Inc.


Dated: March 11, 2004
                                                       /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
                                                       -------------------------
                                                       Louis D. Paolino, Jr.

* A signed original of this written statement as required by Section 906 has
been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and
furnished to the Unites States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>a4592736ex322.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-32.2 CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>

                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

       Certification pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Gregory M. Krzemien, the Chief Financial Officer of Mace Security
International, Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Form 10-K of Mace Security International,
Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2003 (the "December 31, 2003 Form 10-K"),
which this certification accompanies, fully complies with requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or
78o(d)) and information contained in the December 31, 2003 Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of Mace Security International, Inc.


Dated: March 11, 2004

                                                         /s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
                                                         -----------------------
                                                         Gregory M. Krzemien

* A signed original of this written statement as required by Section 906 has
been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and
furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>a4592736ex99.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MACE SECURITY EXHIBIT 99
<TEXT>

                        Mace Security International, Inc.
                        Consolidated Financial Statements
                  Years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001

                                    Contents



Report of Independent Certified Public
 Accountants...........................................................F-2


Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Consolidated Balance
 Sheets................................................................F-3


Consolidated Statements of
 Operations............................................................F-5


Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
 Equity................................................................F-6


Consolidated Statements of Cash
 Flows ................................................................F-7


Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements............................................................F-8

                                      F-1

<PAGE>


               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

Shareholders and Board of Directors
Mace Security International, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mace Security
International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2002 and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2003. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Mace Security
International, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2003 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, on January 1, 2002.

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
March 2, 2004 (except for Note 8, as to which the date is March 11, 2004)

                                      F-2

<PAGE>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                     (In thousands except share information)


                        ASSETS                               December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                         2003            2002
                                                     ------------- ------------
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                             $ 3,414         $ 6,189
 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
  accounts of $263 and $198 in 2003 and 2002,
  respectively                                           1,531             772
 Inventories                                             3,780           2,675
 Deferred income taxes                                     266             230
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets               1,878           1,968
                                                     ------------- ------------
Total current assets                                    10,869          11,834
Property and equipment:
 Land                                                   31,391          31,804
 Buildings and leasehold improvements                   34,871          35,470
 Machinery and equipment                                10,172           9,485
 Furniture and fixtures                                    447             444
                                                     ------------- ------------
Total property and equipment                            76,881          77,203
Accumulated depreciation                               (10,738)         (9,082)
Total property and equipment, net of accumulated     ------------- ------------
 depreciation                                           66,143          68,121

 Goodwill                                               10,623          13,430
Other intangible assets, net of accumulated
 amortization of $1,373 and $1,415 in 2003
 and 2002, respectively                                    991             959

Deferred income taxes                                    1,820           1,700
Other assets                                               156             244
                                                     ------------- ------------
Total assets                                          $ 90,602        $ 96,288
                                                     ============= ============
                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-3

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



           LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                              December 31,
                                                                     --------------------------
                                                                       2003             2002
                                                                     ------------ -------------
<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>
Current liabilities:
   Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations    $ 5,520          $ 8,812
   Accounts payable                                                     2,658            2,598
   Income taxes payable                                                   172              210
   Deferred revenue                                                       402              380
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                       1,847            2,044
                                                                     ------------ -------------
Total current liabilities                                               10,599          14,044

Long-term debt, net of current portion                                  25,591          24,168
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion                          175             332
Other liabilities                                                           25              75

Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $.01 par value:
      Authorized shares - 10,000,000
      Issued and outstanding shares - none                                  -                -
   Common stock, $.01 par value:
      Authorized shares - 100,000,000
      Issued and outstanding shares of 12,451,771 and
      12,407,655 in 2003 and 2002, respectively                            125             124
   Additional paid-in capital                                           69,785          69,710
   Accumulated deficit                                                 (15,698)        (12,165)
                                                                     ------------ -------------
Total stockholders' equity                                              54,212          57,669
                                                                     ------------ -------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                            $ 90,602         $ 96,288
                                                                    ============ ==============

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-4

<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Operations
                    (In thousands, except share information)

                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                               ------------------------------------
                                                                    2003        2002        2001
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
<S>                                                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenues:
 Car wash and detailing services                                $ 35,655     $ 36,696     $ 39,859
 Lube and other automotive services                                4,147        4,219        4,487
 Fuel and merchandise sales                                        3,613        3,217        3,638
 Security products sales                                           5,581        2,498            -
 Operating agreements                                                  -           80          240
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
                                                                  48,996       46,710       48,224
Cost of revenues:
 Car wash and detailing services                                  25,983       25,674       27,417
 Lube and other automotive services                                3,188        3,301        3,446
 Fuel and merchandise sales                                        3,156        2,802        3,234
 Security products sales                                           3,485        1,523            -
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
                                                                  35,812       33,300       34,097

Selling, general and administrative expenses                       9,486        8,432        7,366
Depreciation and amortization                                      1,958        1,953        2,813
Costs of terminated acquisitions                                       -           57          135
Goodwill and asset impairment charges                              3,798        1,165            -
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------

Operating (loss)  income                                          (2,058)       1,803        3,813

Interest expense, net                                             (1,963)      (2,219)      (2,885)
Other income                                                         438          327          514
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
(Loss) income before income taxes                                 (3,583)         (89)       1,442

Income tax (benefit) expense                                         (50)         (32)         534
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
(Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle                                             (3,533)         (57)         908
                                                               ============= =========== ==========

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of
 tax benefit of $2,188                                                 -       (5,733)           -
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
Net (loss) income                                               $ (3,533)    $ (5,790)       $ 908
                                                               ============= =========== ==========

Basic (loss) income per share
 (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle                                           $ (0.28)         $ -       $ 0.07
 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                   -        (0.46)           -
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
 Total                                                           $ (0.28)     $ (0.46)      $ 0.07
                                                               ============= =========== ==========
Weighted average number of shares outstanding                  12,414,816    12,630,964  12,724,282
                                                               ============= =========== ==========

Diluted (loss) income per share
(Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle                                            $ (0.28)         $ -       $ 0.07
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                    -        (0.46)           -
                                                               ------------- ----------- ----------
Total                                                            $ (0.28)     $ (0.46)      $ 0.07
                                                               ============= =========== ==========
Weighted average number of shares outstanding                  12,414,816    12,630,964  12,742,122
                                                               ============= =========== ==========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-5

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

                     (In thousands except share information)

                                                      Additional
                                 Common      Common    Paid-in     Accumulated
                                 Shares      Stock     Capital       Deficit       Total
                               ----------- --------- ----------- ------------- ------------
<S>                             <C>          <C>       <C>         <C>            <C>

Balance at December 31, 2000    25,480,590    $ 255     $ 69,905     $ (7,283)    $ 62,877
Common stock issued in
 purchase acquisitions              26,137                   158                       158
Shares purchased and retired       (78,300)      (1)         (86)                      (87)
Net income                                                                908          908
                               ----------- --------- ----------- ------------- ------------
Balance at December 31, 2001    25,428,427      254       69,977       (6,375)      63,856
Common stock issued in
 purchase acquisitions              26,316                    25                        25
Shares purchased and retired      (624,900)      (6)        (416)                     (422)
One-for-two reverse stock
 split                         (12,422,188)    (124)         124                         -
Net loss                                                               (5,790)      (5,790)
                               ----------- --------- ----------- ------------- ------------
Balance at December 31, 2002    12,407,655      124       69,710      (12,165)      57,669
Common stock issued in
 purchase acquisitions              26,316                    50                        50
Exercise of Common Stock
 Options                            30,000        1           39                        40
Shares purchased and retired       (12,200)                  (14)                      (14)
Net loss                                                               (3,533)      (3,533)
                               ----------- --------- ----------- ------------- ------------

Balance at December 31, 2003    12,451,771    $ 125     $ 69,785    $ (15,698)    $ 54,212
                               =========== ========= =========== =============  ===========

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.




                                     F-6

<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                                 (In thousands)

                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                            -----------------------------------------
                                                                 2003           2002            2001
                                                            --------------- ------------- -----------
<S>                                                          <C>               <C>             <C>

Operating activities
(Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle                                        $ (3,533)         $ (57)          $ 908
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net
 of income tax benefit                                              -         (5,733)              -
                                                            --------------- ------------- -----------
Net (loss) income                                              (3,533)        (5,790)            908
Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash
 provided by operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                           1,958          1,953           2,813
        Provision for losses on receivables                        86             98              40
        Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle         -          7,920               -
        Goodwill and asset impairment charges                   3,798          1,165               -
        (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment        (104)             -            (216)
        Deferred income taxes                                    (155)        (2,423)            339
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
                Accounts receivable                              (845)           (16)             30
                Inventory                                      (1,105)          (195)             81
                Accounts payable                                   60            198            (376)
                Deferred revenue                                   22            127             (63)
                Accrued expenses                                 (197)          (140)            105
                Income taxes                                      (39)            37             (17)
                Prepaid expenses and other assets                 191            401              (3)
                Other                                               -              -              (4)
                                                            --------------- ------------- -----------
Net cash provided by operating activities                         137          3,335           3,637
Investing activities
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                    -            (217)            -
Purchase of property and equipment                            (1,112)           (865)         (876)
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                     598               -         1,327
Payments for intangibles                                         (55)            (14)          (21)
                                                            --------------- ------------- -----------
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities             (569)         (1,096)          430
Financing activities
Proceeds from long term debt                                      11               -             3
Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations      (2,380)         (2,240)       (2,209)
Proceeds from issuance of common stock                            40               -             -
Payments to purchase stock                                       (14)           (422)          (87)
                                                            --------------- ------------- -----------
Net cash used in financing activities                         (2,343)         (2,662)       (2,293)
                                                            --------------- ------------- -----------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents          (2,775)           (423)        1,774
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                 6,189           6,612         4,838
                                                            --------------- ------------- -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                     $ 3,414         $ 6,189       $ 6,612
                                                            ==============  ============  ===========

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-7

<PAGE>


               Mace Security International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Mace
Security International, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively,
"the Company"). All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. On December 17, 2002, we effected a one-for-two reverse stock
split. All stock prices, share amounts, per share information, stock options and
stock warrants reflect the reverse split, unless otherwise noted.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

The Company currently operates in two business segments: the Car and Truck Wash
Segment, supplying complete car care and truck wash services (including wash,
detailing, lube, and minor repairs) and the Security Products Segment, producing
for sale consumer safety and personal defense products, as well as electronic
surveillance and monitoring products. The Company's car care and truck wash
operations are principally located in Texas, Arizona, Florida, Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, Delaware, Indiana and Ohio.

Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue

Revenue from the Company's Car and Truck Wash Segment is recognized, net of
customer coupon discounts, when services are rendered or fuel or merchandise is
sold. The Company records a liability for gift certificates, ticket books, and
seasonal and annual passes sold at its car care locations but not yet redeemed.
The Company estimates these unredeemed amounts based on gift certificates and
ticket book sales and redemptions throughout the year as well as utilizing
historical sales and redemption rates per the car washes' point-of-sale systems.
Seasonal and annual passes are amortized on a straight-line basis over the time
during which the passes are valid.

Revenue from the Company's Security Products Segment is recognized when
shipments are made, or for export sales when title has passed. Shipping and
handling charges are included in revenues and cost of goods sold.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid short-term
investments with original maturities of three months or less, and credit card
deposits which are converted into cash within two to three business days.

Accounts Receivable

The Company's accounts receivable are due from trade customers. Credit is
extended based on evaluation of customers' financial condition and, generally,
collateral is not required. Accounts receivable payment terms vary and amounts
due from customers are stated in the financial statements net of an allowance
for doubtful accounts. Accounts outstanding longer than the payment terms are
considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a
number of factors, including the length of time trade accounts receivable are
past due, the Company's previous loss history, the customer's current ability to
pay its obligation to the Company, and the condition of the general economy and
the industry as a whole. The Company writes off accounts receivable when they
are deemed uncollectible, and payments subsequently received on such receivables
are credited to the allowance for doubtful accounts. Risk of losses from
international sales within the Security Products Segment are reduced by
requiring sustanitally all international customers to provide irrevocable
confirmed letters of credit and/or cash advances.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
the first-in first-out (FIFO) method for security and car care products.
Inventories at the Company's car and truck wash locations consist of various
chemicals and cleaning supplies used in operations and merchandise and fuel for
resale to consumers. Inventories within the Company's Security Products Segment
consist of defense sprays, child safety products, electronic security monitors,
cameras and digital recorders, and various other consumer security and safety
products.

                                      F-8

<PAGE>


Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is recorded using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are
generally as follows: buildings and leasehold improvements - 15 to 40 years;
machinery and equipment - 2 to 20 years; and furniture and fixtures - 5 to 10
years. Significant additions or improvements extending assets' useful lives are
capitalized; normal maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred.
Depreciation expense was approximately $1.9 million, $1.9 million, and $1.8
million for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred and amounted to
approximately $900,000 in 2003, $1.1 million in 2002, and $1.1 million in 2001.

Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used, and assets to be disposed of, for possible impairment when
events and circumstances warrant such a review. During the year ended December
31, 2002, we wrote down assets determined to be impaired by approximately $1.2
million. The asset write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites
in Texas and two full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that
due to poor demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of
these sites, their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover
their respective carrying values. During the quarter ended June 30, 2003, we
further wrote down the assets related to one of the full service car wash site
in Arizona which we partially wrote down at December 31, 2002, by an additional
$351,000. The additional write-down was the result of the impending loss of a
significant customer of this site resulting in an additional reduction of the
future expected cash flows of this site and the ability to recover the site's
carrying value. The Company closed the facility effective September 30, 2003. We
continue to market the remaining two sites for sale and have written down these
two assets to their estimated fair market values.

Goodwill

Prior to 2002, goodwill was amortized on a straight-line basis over 25 years.

On January 1, 2002, the Company adopted SFAS 142, and as required, discontinued
amortization of goodwill acquired prior to July 1, 2001. Additionally, SFAS 142
required that, within six months of adoption, the first phase of the goodwill
transitional impairment testing be completed at the reporting unit level as of
the date of adoption. SFAS 142 requires that any goodwill impairment loss
recognized as a result of initial application be reported in the first interim
period of adoption as a change in accounting principle and that the income per
share effects of the accounting change be separately disclosed. The transitional
impairment testing was completed during the third quarter of 2002 and as of
January 1, 2002 (See Note 3, Change in Accounting Principle).

In accordance with SFAS 142, the Company also completed our annual impairment
tests as of November 30, 2003, and 2002, and will be subject to impairment test
each year thereafter. In the fourth quarter of 2003, as a result of the annual
impairment test of Goodwill and Other Intangibles, we recorded an impairment of
approximately $3.4 million related to our Northeast region reporting unit of our
Car and Truck Wash Segment. This was principally due to a reduction in future
projected cash flows resulting from an extended departure from our historic
revenue levels due to inclement weather and a slower economy. Significant
estimates and assumptions are used in assessing the fair value of the reporting
units and determining impairment to goodwill (See Note 3, Change in Accounting
Principle). The Company cannot guarantee that there will not be impairments in
subsequent years.

Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets consist primarily of deferred financing costs,
trademarks, and establishing a registered national brand name. Prior to 2002,
our trademarks and brand name were amortized on a straight-line basis over 15
years. In accordance with SFAS 142, our trademarks and brandname are considered
to have indefinite lives, and as such, are no longer subject to amortization.
These assets will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an
impairment indicator. In 2003, approximately $9,000 related to our security
product trademarks was written off in accordance with SFAS 142. Deferred
financing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
respective debt instruments. Customer lists and non-compete agreements are
amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives.
Amortization of other intangible assets was approximately $53,000, $31,000, and
$79,000 for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. (See
"New Accounting Standards" below.)


                                      F-9

<PAGE>


Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

The Company's policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized
expenditures relating to proposed acquisitions that in management's current
opinion will not be consummated.

Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes are determined based on the difference between the
financial accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income
tax expense (benefit) represents the change during the period in the deferred
income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities. Deferred tax assets
include tax loss and credit carryforwards and are reduced by a valuation
allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Supplementary Cash Flow Information

Interest paid on all indebtedness was approximately $2.0 million, $2.3 million,
and $3.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001,
respectively.

Income taxes paid were approximately $144,000, $169,000, and $211,000 in 2003,
2002, and 2001, respectively.

Noncash investing and financing activities of the Company excluded from the
statement of cash flows include property additions financed by debt of $343,000,
$1.0 million, and $181,000 in 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively.

Advertising

The Company expenses advertising costs, including advertising production costs,
as they are incurred or the first time advertising takes place. The Company's
costs of coupon advertising are recorded as a prepaid asset and amortized to
advertising expense during the period of distribution and customer response,
typically two to three months. Prepaid advertising costs were $134,000 and
$70,000 at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Advertising expense was
approximately $1.1 million in 2003, $1.1 million in 2002, and $1.1 million in
2001.

Stock Based Compensation

At December 31, 2003, the Company has two stock-based employee compensation
plans, which are more fully described in Note 10. The Company accounts for those
plans under the recognition and measurement principles of Accounting Principles
Board Opinion ("APB") No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and
related interpretations. Stock-based employee compensation costs are not
reflected in net income, as all options granted under the plan had exercise
prices equal to the market value of the underlying common stock on the date of
grant. The table below illustrates the effect on net (loss) income and (loss)
income per share if the Company had applied the fair value recognition
provisions of FASB 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, to stock-based
employee compensation.

The Company has elected to follow APB 25, and related Interpretations in
accounting for its employee stock options because, as discussed below, the
alternative fair value accounting provided for under SFAS 123, requires use of
option valuation models that are not developed for use in valuing employee stock
options. Under APB 25, if the exercise price of the Company's employee stock
options equals the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant, no
compensation expense is recognized.

Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share is required by
SFAS 123, and has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its
employee stock options under the fair value method of that Statement. The fair
values for these options were estimated at the dates of grant using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions for grants in 2003, 2002 and 2001; risk-free interest rate ranges of
3.29% to 4.45% in 2003, 3.72% to 5.39% in 2002, and 4.62% to 5.22% in 2001;
dividend yield of 0%; expected volatility of the market price of the Company's
common stock of 21% in 2003, 61% in 2002, and 97% in 2001; and a
weighted-average expected life of the option of ten years.

                                      F-10

<PAGE>


The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because
the Company's employee stock options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's
opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options
is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period. Pro forma results are
not likely to be representative of the effects on reported or pro forma results
of operations for future years. The Company's pro forma information is as
follows (in thousands, except per share data):


                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                         ---------------------------------
                                             2003       2002          2001
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------

Net (loss) income, as reported           $ (3,533)  $ (5,790)        $ 908
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------
Less: Stock-based compensation costs
      under fair value based method
      for all awards                         (401)      (685)       (1,354)
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------
Pro forma net loss                       $ (3,934)  $ (6,475)       $ (446)
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------
Earnings per share - basic
    As reported                           $ (0.28)   $ (0.46)       $ 0.07
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------
    Pro forma                             $ (0.32)   $ (0.51)      $ (0.04)
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------
Earnings per share - diluted
    As reported                           $ (0.28)   $ (0.46)       $ 0.07
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------
    Pro forma                             $ (0.32)   $ (0.51)      $ (0.04)
                                         ---------- ------------ ---------


Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Reclassifications

Certain amounts in the 2002 financial statements have been reclassified to
conform to the 2003 presentation.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, trade receivables, trade payables and debt instruments. The
carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and trade
payables are considered to be representative of their respective fair values.

Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans
with similar terms and average maturities, the carrying values and fair values
of the Company's fixed and variable rate debt instruments at December 31, 2003
were as follows:

                                      F-11

<PAGE>


                        Carrying        Fair
                         Value         Value
                       ------------- -----------
                          (In Thousands)
                       ------------- -----------
Fixed rate debt         $ 13,730      $ 16,575
                       ------------- -----------
Variable rate debt        17,556        17,812
                       ------------- -----------
Total                   $ 31,286      $ 34,387
                       ============= ===========


The majority of the fixed rate debt provides for a pre-payment penalty based on
an interest rate yield maintenance formula. The yield maintenance formula
results in a significant pre-payment penalty as market interest rates decrease.
The pre-payment penalty precludes refinancing of this long-term debt.

Business Combinations

Prior to July 1, 2001, the Company assessed each business combination to
determine whether the pooling of interests or the purchase method of accounting
was appropriate. For those business combinations prior to July 1, 2001,
accounted for under the pooling of interests method, the financial statements
were combined with those of the Company at their historical amounts, and if
material, all periods presented were restated as if the combination occurred on
the first day of the earliest year presented. For those acquisitions accounted
for using the purchase method of accounting, the Company allocates the cost of
the acquired business to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based
on estimates of fair values thereof. These estimates are revised during the
allocation period as necessary when, and if, information regarding contingencies
becomes available to define and quantify assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. The allocation period varies but does not exceed one year. To the
extent contingencies such as pre-acquisition environmental matters,
pre-acquisition liabilities including deferred revenues, litigation and related
legal fees are resolved or settled during the allocation period, such items are
included in the revised allocation of the purchase price. After the allocation
period, the effect of changes in such contingencies is included in results of
operations in the period in which the adjustment is determined.

New Accounting Standards

In June 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") approved the
issuance of SFAS 146, Accounting for Exit or Disposal Activities. SFAS 146
addresses significant issues regarding the recognition, measurement, and
reporting of costs that are associated with exit and disposal activities,
including restructuring activities that were previously accounted for pursuant
to the guidance that the Emerging Issues Task Force "EITF" had set forth in EITF
Issue 94-3, Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and
Other Costs to Exit an Activity (including Certain Costs Incurred in a
Restructuring). SFAS 146 is effective for exit or disposal activities that are
initiated after December 31, 2002. The adoption of SFAS 146 did not have a
material effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.

In November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation 45, Guarantor's Accounting
and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of
Indebtedness of Others (FIN 45). FIN 45 requires a guarantor entity, at the
inception of a guarantee covered by the measurement provisions of the
interpretation, to record a liability for the fair value of the obligation
undertaken in issuing the guarantee. The adoption of FIN 45 did not have a
material impact on the Company's consolidated balance sheets, results of
operations or cash flows.

In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation - Transition and Disclosure. SFAS 148 amends SFAS 123 Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, to provide alternative methods of transition for a
voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation. In addition, SFAS 148 amends the disclosure requirements
of SFAS 123 to require prominent disclosures in both annual and interim
financial statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee
compensation and the effect of the method used on reported results. SFAS 148 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2002. The expanded
annual disclosure requirements and the transition provisions are effective for
fiscal years ending after December 15, 2002. The interim disclosure provisions
are effective for financial reports containing financial statements for interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2002. The adoption of SFAS 148 did not have
a material effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.

In January 2003, the FASB released Interpretation No. 46, Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities ("FIN 46") which requires that all primary
beneficiaries of Variable Interest Entities (VIE) consolidate that entity. FIN
46 is effective immediately for VIEs created after January 31, 2003 and to VIEs
in which an enterprise obtains an interest after that date. It applies in the
first fiscal year or interim period beginning after June 15, 2003 to VIEs in
which an enterprise holds a variable interest it acquired before February 1,
2003. In December 2003, the FASB published a revision to FIN 46 ("FIN 46R") to
clarify some of the provisions of the interpretation and to defer the effective
date of implementation for certain entities. Under the guidance of FIN 46R,
entities that do not have interests in structures that are commonly referred to
as special purpose entities are required to apply the provisions of the
interpretation in financial statements for periods ending after March 14, 2004.
The Company does not have interests in special purpose entities and does not
anticipate that the adoption of FIN 46R will have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

                                      F-12

<PAGE>


In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS 150, Accounting for Certain Financial
Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity. SFAS 150
established standards for how an issuer classifies and measures certain
financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. SFAS
150 requires that issuers classify a financial instrument that is within its
scope as a liability (or an asset in some circumstances). SFAS 150 is effective
for all financial instruments entered into or modified after May 31, 2003, and
otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first interim period beginning
after June 15, 2003. The adoption of this statement did not have a material
impact on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

3. Change in Accounting Principle

Effective January 1, 2002, we adopted SFAS 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets. In connection with the adoption, we discontinued approximately $900,000
in annual amortization of goodwill. SFAS 142 also requires companies to test
intangibles for impairment on an annual basis. During the first quarter of 2002,
the Company performed its testing under SFAS 142 pertaining to its evaluation of
intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives, and determined
that there was an impairment issue with certain trademarks used in our security
products segment. The fair values of the trademarks were determined using a
royalty savings approach, discounted at appropriate risk-adjusted rates, which
yielded results consistent with available market-approach data. The impairment
of $43,000, net of tax, was recorded as a cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle as of December 31, 2001 in our March 31, 2002 financial
statements.

The following table reflects unaudited adjusted results of operations of the
Company, giving effect to the provisions of SFAS 142 as if they were adopted on
January 1, 2000 (in thousands except earnings per share):


                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                         ----------------------------------
                                             2003       2002          2001
                                         ---------- ------------- ---------
(Loss) income before cumulative
   effect of change in accounting
   principle, as reported                $ (3,533)     $ (57)      $   908
Add back: amortization expense, net of
 tax                                            -          -           580
                                         ---------- ------------- ---------
Pro forma (loss) income before
  cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principle                $ (3,533)     $ (57)      $ 1,488
                                         ---------- ------------- ---------
Basic (loss) income before
  cumulative effect of
  change in accounting principle per
  common share:
    As reported                          $  (0.28)     $   -       $  0.07
    Pro forma                            $  (0.28)     $   -       $  0.12
                                         ---------- ------------- ---------
Diluted (loss) income before
  cumulative effect of
  change in accounting principle per
  common share:
    As reported                          $  (0.28)     $   -       $  0.07
    Pro forma                            $  (0.28)     $   -       $  0.12
                                         ---------- ------------- ---------


                                      F-13

<PAGE>


Under the provisions of SFAS 142, the Company was required to complete the first
phase of the goodwill transitional impairment test within six months of adopting
the new standard or by June 30, 2002 and the final phase of the transitional
test before the end of the year of adoption, or December 31, 2002. The first
step of the transitional testing was the determination of our reporting units
and the estimation of the fair values of the reporting units. A discounted cash
flow model was used to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The
Company engaged an independent appraisal firm to determine appropriate discount
rates for each reporting unit. Discount rates were derived by using the weighted
average cost of capital technique. The discount rates were then used by the
Company in the discounted cash flow calculations. Significant estimates and
assumptions were used in assessing the fair value of the reporting units. These
estimates and assumptions involved future cash flows, growth rates, discount
rates, weighted average cost of capital, and estimates of market valuations of
each of the reporting units. During the third quarter of 2002, we completed the
transitional requirements for goodwill impairment testing. As a result of the
transitional goodwill impairment testing, we determined that the book value of
our Northeast reporting unit exceeded its current fair value by $1.84 million.
The Northeast reporting unit's current fair value was based on present
expectations for the business in light of the current economic environment and
the uncertainty associated with recent volume due to unfavorable weather
patterns. Additionally, there was an impairment of $5.34 million in our Arizona
reporting unit due to unfavorable economic conditions combined with a
significant increase in local competition. This charge represented a complete
write-off of the goodwill associated with this reporting unit. Finally, there
was an impairment loss of $670,000 in our truck wash reporting unit, primarily
because we did not acquire additional truck washes necessary to achieve the
scale needed to attract national accounts. This charge represented a complete
write-off of the goodwill associated with this reporting unit.

We completed our annual testing of goodwill and intangible assets determined to
have indefinite lives in accordance with SFAS 142 as of November 30, 2003. The
methodology applied was consistent with that of our transitional impairment
testing and our 2002 annual test. The growth rate applied to future cash flows
beyond detailed projections was 3%. The discount rates used varied from 7.25%
for our security products business to approximately 11.2% for our car and truck
wash operations. In the fourth quarter of 2003, as a result of the annual
impairment test of Goodwill and Other Intangibles, we recorded an impairment of
approximately $3.4 million related to our Northeast region reporting unit of our
Car and Truck Wash Segment. This was principally due to a reduction in future
projected cash flows resulting from extended departures from our historic
revenue levels due to inclement weather and a slower economy. Impairment of
goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives must be tested on at least
an annual basis and whenever there is an impairment indicator. The Company
cannot guarantee that there will not be impairments in subsequent years.

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31,
2002 and 2003 are as follows (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  Truck    Security
                                 Northeast    Texas    Arizona    Washes   Products   Total
                                ----------- -------- ---------- --------- ---------- ---------
<S>                             <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>     <C>
Balance at December 31, 2001       $ 6,508   $ 7,620    $ 5,341     $ 670   $    -   $ 20,139
Reallocation of purchase
 price                                 862         -          -         -        -        862
Acquisition of Micro-Tech
 Manufacturing, Inc.                     -         -          -         -      282        282
Transitional impairment
 loss upon adoption
 of SFAS 142                        (1,842)        -     (5,341)     (670)       -     (7,853)
                                ----------- -------- ---------- --------- ---------- ---------
Balance at December 31, 2002         5,528     7,620          -         -      282     13,430

Reallocation of purchase
 price                                   -       671          -         -      (40)       631
Impairment loss                     (3,438)        -          -         -        -     (3,438)
                                ----------- -------- ---------- --------- ---------- ---------
Balance at December 31, 2003       $ 2,090   $ 8,291    $    -     $    -  $  242    $ 10,623
                                =========== ======== ========== ========= ========== =========

</TABLE>

                                      F-14

<PAGE>


4. Business Combinations

From April 1, 1999 through July 26, 2000, the Company acquired 62 car care
facilities and five truck wash facilities through the acquisition of 17 separate
businesses including: 42 full service facilities, one self service facility, 11
exterior only facilities and one lube center in Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
Delaware, Texas, Florida and Arizona; 11 facilities were subsequently divested
or closed. The five full service truck wash facilities are located in Arizona,
Indiana, Ohio and Texas.

On August 28, 2001, the Company sold, through a wholly-owned subsidiary,
substantially all of the assets of Gabe's Plaza Car Wash in Morrisville,
Pennsylvania. The Company received an aggregate cash sales price of $1.2
million, $315,000 of which was utilized to pay off a promissory note secured by
the Gabe's Plaza Car Wash assets.

On August 12, 2002, the Company acquired the inventory, certain other assets and
the operations of Micro-Tech Manufacturing, Inc. ("Micro-Tech"), a manufacturer
and retailer of electronic security devices. Total consideration under the
agreement was approximately $505,000. At closing, the Company paid $217,000 cash
for inventory, $15,625 cash representing the first of twelve equal monthly
installments totaling $187,500, and 13,158 (pre-reverse split) registered shares
of common stock of the Company representing the first of eight quarterly
payments of shares totaling 105,263 (pre-reverse split) shares. This transaction
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with
SFAS 141, Business Combinations.

On September 26, 2003, a wholly owned subsidiary within the Company's Security
Products Segment acquired the inventory, certain other assets and the operations
of Vernex, Inc., a manufacturer and retailer of electronic security monitors.
Total consideration under the agreement was $213,000 cash. The agreement also
provides for additional cash consideration based on sales performance for a
twelve-month period subsequent to closing. This transaction was accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with SFAS 141, Business
Combinations.

On November 12, 2003, the Company sold, through a wholly owned subsidiary, the
assets of our car wash facility located in Voorhees, New Jersey, for
approximately $600,000.

5. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

The changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts are summarized as follows:



                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                        2003             2002
                                                            (In Thousands)
                                                     --------------------------
Balance at beginning of year                           $ 198            $ 178
Additions (charged to expense)                            86               98
Adjustments                                                -              239
Deductions                                               (21)            (317)
                                                     --------------------------
Balance at end of year                                 $ 263            $ 198
                                                     =========================

                                      F-15

<PAGE>


6. Inventories

Inventories consist of the following:


                                                          As of December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                         2003             2002
                                                            (In Thousands)
                                                     --------------------------
Finished goods                                        $ 2,115            $ 963
Work in process                                            94              128
Raw materials and supplies                                602              634
Fuel, merchandise inventory and car wash
 supplies                                                 969              950
                                                     --------------------------
                                                      $ 3,780          $ 2,675
                                                     =========================


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    7. Other Intangible Assets

    The following table reflects the components of intangible assets, excluding goodwill (in thousands):


                                           December 31, 2003           December 31, 2002
                                      ---------------------------- -------------------------
                                         Gross                       Gross
                                        Carrying        Accum.      Carrying      Accum.
                                         Amount         Amort.       Amount       Amort.
                                      --------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                          <C>              <C>        <C>            <C>
Amortized intangible assets:
    Non-compete agreement                    $ 65             $ 7        $ 25           $ 2
    Customer list                              62              23          25             2
    Deferred financing costs                  390             158         373           131
                                      --------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
Total amortized intangible assets             517             188         423           135

Non-amortized intangible assets:
    Trademarks - security products
     segment                                1,731           1,175       1,185         1,270
    Service mark - car care segment           116              10         116            10
Total non-amortized intangible assets       1,847           1,185       1,951         1,280
                                      --------------- ------------ ------------ ------------

Total intangible assets                   $ 2,364         $ 1,373     $ 2,374       $ 1,415
                                      =============== ============ ============ ============

</TABLE>

                                      F-16

<PAGE>


The following sets forth the estimated amortization expense on intangible assets
for the fiscal years ending December 31 (in thousands):

                         2004        $63
                         2005        $49
                         2006        $35
                         2007        $32
                         2008        $24

Amortization expense of other intangible assets was approximately $53,000,
$31,000, and $79,000, for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001,
respectively.

8. Long-Term Debt, Notes Payable, and Capital Lease Obligations

Long-term debt, notes payable, and capital lease obligations consist of the
following:


                                                          As of December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                       2003              2002
                                                           (In Thousands)

Notes payable to GMAC Commercial Mortgage
 ("GMAC"), interest rate of 8.52%, due in
 monthly installments totaling $145,936
 including interest, through
 September 2013, collateralized by real property,
 equipment and inventory of certain of the
 Millennia Car Wash locations                       $ 11,618          $ 12,346

Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest rate
 of prime plus 0.25% (4.25% at December 31, 2003),
 is due in monthly installments of $51,466 including
 interest (adjusted annually), through November
 2008, collateralized by real property and
 equipment of Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.              5,723             6,019

Notes payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest
 prime plus 0.25% (4.25% at December 31, 2003)
 due in monthly installments totaling $50,179
 per month including
 interest (adjusted annually), through various
 dates ranging from January 2004 to February 2008,
 collateralized by real property and equipment of
 certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations            3,531             4,013

Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA which
 refinanced a note
 payable to Cornett Ltd. Partnership on February
 17, 2000.  The Bank One note, which provides for
 an interest rate of prime plus 0.25% (4.25% at
 December 31, 2003), is due in monthly
 installments of $37,367 including interest
 (adjusted annually), renewed through February
 2008, collateralized by real property and
 equipment of the Genie Car Wash locations             4,062             4,301

                                      F-17

<PAGE>


Note payable to Western National Bank, interest
 rate of 8.75%, due
 in monthly installments of $20,988 including
 interest, through October 2014, collateralized by
 real property and equipment in Lubbock, Texas         1,769             1,859

Note payable to Business Loan Express, interest
 rate of prime plus
 2.5% (6.5% at December 31, 2003), is due in
 monthly installments of $10,753 including
 interest (adjusted annually), through December
 2022, collateralized by real property and
 equipment of the Blue Planet Car Wash                 1,409             1,444

Note payable to Merriman Park J.V., interest rate
 of 4.0% (adjusted
 annually), due in monthly installments of $9,270
 including interest, through November 2011,
 collateralized by real property and equipment of
 certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations              754               828

Note payable to Bank One Texas, NA, interest rate
 of prime plus
 0.25% (4.25% at December 31, 2003), is due in
 monthly installments of $6,516 including interest
 (adjusted annually), through July 2006,
 collateralized by real property and equipment of
 the Superstar Kyrene Car Wash                           712               755

Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, interest rate
 of prime plus
 0.25% (4.25% at December 31, 2003), is due in
 monthly installments of $2,705 including interest
 (adjusted annually) through April 2005,
 collateralized by real property and equipment of
 the Red Baron Amarillo Truck Wash                       313               331

Note payable to Bank One, Texas, NA, which
 refinanced the
 mortgage note payable to Southwest Bank in October
 2001.  The Bank One note which provides for an
 interest rate of prime plus
 0.25% (4.25% at December 31, 2003), is due in
 monthly installments of $2,869 including interest
 (adjusted annually), through October 2004,
 collateralized by real property and equipment of
 certain of the Colonial Car Wash locations              339               359

Note payable to Wachovia, interest rate of one
 month LIBOR plus
 2.50% (3.65% at December 31, 2003), is due in
 monthly principal payments of $4,049 plus accrued
 interest, collateralized by real property of Mace
 Security Products, Inc.                                 714               399

Capital lease payable to Columbia Credit Company,
 interest
 rate of 14.5%, due in monthly installments of
 $8,314 including interest, through May 2005,
 collateralized by certain equipment of the Shammy
 Man Car Wash location                                   123               201

Capital leases payable to various creditors,
 interest rates ranging
 from 7.75% to 9.97%, due in monthly installments
 of $6,310 including interest, through various
 dates ranging from November 2004 to June 2007,
 collateralized by certain equipment of the
 Company                                                 204               317

Note payable to Pennzoil Products Company,
 interest rate of 5%
 due in monthly installments of $2,496, including
 interest, through June 2003, collateralized by
 equipment of the Company                                  -                15

Notes payable to individuals for deferred purchase
 payment of Micro-
 Tech, Inc. due in monthly installments of $15,625.       16               125

                                                      31,287            33,312
                                                    --------          --------

                                      F-18

<PAGE>

Less: current portion                                  5,520             8,812
                                                    --------          --------

                                                    $ 25,767          $ 24,500
                                                    ========          =========




In January 2004, the Company obtained renewals from Bank One, Texas, N.A. ("Bank
One") on a 15-year amortization loan totaling $48,725 which was up for periodic
renewal. The loan, classified as current at September 30, 2003, was renewed by
Bank One for a five year period at favorable terms. Accordingly, the loan was
reclassified to long-term debt at December 31, 2003.

The Company has available a short term line of credit with Bank One, Texas, N.A.
which provides borrowing for inventory and accounts receivable financing up to
$500,000 for the Company's electronic surveillance operations. The availability
under this line of credit is subject to an inventory and accounts receivable
borrowing formula. There were no borrowings outstanding under this line of
credit at December 31, 2003.

At December 31, 2003, the Company had three letters of credit outstanding
totaling $825,000 as collateral relating to workers' compensation insurance
policies.

Several of our debt agreements, as amended, contain certain affirmative and
negative covenants and require the maintenance of certain levels of tangible net
worth and the maintenance of certain debt coverage ratios on a consolidated
level. At December 31, 2003, we were not in compliance with our consolidated
debt coverage ratio related to our GMAC notes payable. With respect to the GMAC
notes payable, the Company has received a waiver of acceleration of the notes
through January 1, 2005. Additionally, the Company has entered into amendments
to the Bank One term loan agreements as of December 31, 2003. The Company is
currently in compliance with these covenants as amended. The Company initiated
certain temporary and permanent cost savings measures in March of 2003,
including reductions in payroll expense and certain operating costs to enable it
to maintain compliance with the Bank One consolidated debt coverage ratio. These
savings through December 31, 2003 totaled approximately $425,000. Additional
temporary and permanent cost saving measures were intiated in March of 2004,
including further reductions in payroll expenses and certain operating costs,
along with an increase in prices within the Car and Truck Wash Segment to enable
the Company to maintain compliance with the Bank One consolidated debt coverage
ratio. The amended debt coverage ratio with Bank One requires the Company to
maintain a consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization ("EBITDA") to debt service (collectively " the debt coverage
ratio") of 1.1 to 1 at December 31, 2003 and in the future. As of March 11,
2004, the preliminary operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2004
indicate that we should meet the Bank One required debt coverage ratio as of
March 31, 2004; however, we cannot provide assurance that favorable operating
trends will continue through March 31, 2004. If we default on any of the Bank
One covenants or the GMAC covenant in the future, the Company will need to
obtain further amendments or waivers from these lenders. If the Company is
unable to obtain waivers or amendments in the future, Bank One debt totaling
$14.9 million and GMAC debt totaling $11.6 million recorded as long-term debt at
December 31, 2003 would become due on demand.

The Company's ongoing ability to comply with its debt covenants under its credit
arrangements and refinance its debt depends largely on the achievement of
adequate levels of cash flow. Our cash flow has been and can continue to be
adversely affected by weather patterns and the economic climate. In the event
that non-compliance with the debt covenants should reoccur, the Company would
pursue various alternatives to successfully resolve the non-compliance, which
might include, among other things, seeking additional debt covenant waivers or
amendments, or refinancing of debt with other financial institutions. Although
the Company believes that it will be successful in resolving potential
non-compliance with its debt covenants, or refinancing its current debt, there
can be no assurance that further debt covenant waivers or amendments will be
attained or that the debt will be refinanced with other financial institutions
at favorable terms.

Certain machinery and equipment notes payable discussed above have been
classified as capital lease obligations in the balance sheet.

Maturities of long-term debt are as follows: 2004 - $5.5 million, 2005 - $2.3
million, 2006 - $2.6 million, 2007 - $2.7 million, 2008 - $8.6 million, and 2009
and thereafter - $9.6 million.

                                      F-19

<PAGE>

9. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consists of the following:

                                    As of December 31,
                               --------------------------
                                     2003         2002
                                     (In Thousands)
                               --------------------------
Accrued compensation                $ 495        $ 844
Property and other non-income
 taxes                                267          132
Other                               1,085        1,068
                               --------------------------
                                  $ 1,847      $ 2,044
- -                              ==========================

10. Stock Option Plans

During September 1993, the Company adopted the 1993 Stock Option Plan ("the 1993
Plan"). The 1993 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 630,000 shares of
common stock upon exercise of the options. The Company has reserved 630,000
shares of common stock to satisfy the requirements of the 1993 Plan. The options
are non-qualified stock options and are not transferable by the recipient. The
1993 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee ("the Committee") of the
Board of Directors, which may grant options to employees, directors and
consultants to the Company. The term of each option may not exceed fifteen years
from the date of grant. Options are exercisable over either a 10 or 15 year
period and exercise prices are not less than the market value of the shares on
the date of grant.

In December 1999, the Company's stockholders approved the 1999 Stock Option Plan
("the 1999 Plan") providing for the granting of incentive stock options or
nonqualified stock options to directors, officers, or employees of the Company.
Under the 1999 Plan, 15,000,000 shares of common stock are reserved for
issuance. Incentive stock options and nonqualified options have terms which are
determined by the Committee with exercise prices not less than the market value
of the shares on the date of grant. The options generally expire ten years from
the date of grant and are exercisable based upon graduated vesting schedules as
determined by the Committee. As of December 31, 2003, 2,338,012 options have
been granted under the 1993 and 1999 Plans including 1,879,828 nonqualified
stock options.

Activity with respect to these plans is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                     2003                   2002                   2001

                                           Weighted              Weighted               Weighted
                                           Average               Average                Average
                                           Exercise              Exercise               Exercise
                                Number     Price      Number     Price       Number     Price
<S>                            <C>          <C>      <C>           <C>      <C>           <C>
Options outstanding beginning
 of period                     1,305,283    $ 5.72   1,101,875     $ 7.14   1,002,862     $ 8.58
Options granted                  791,000    $ 1.42     279,500     $ 2.32     174,250     $ 1.52
Options exercised                (30,000)   $ 1.32           -          -           -          -
Options canceled                (109,250)   $ 1.81     (76,092)   $ 13.48     (75,237)   $ 13.18
Options outstanding end of
 period                        1,957,033    $ 4.27   1,305,283     $ 5.72   1,101,875     $ 7.14
Options exercisable            1,417,895    $ 5.28   1,037,988     $ 6.40     763,574     $ 7.82
                              -----------          -----------             ---------
Shares available for granting
 of options                    5,586,237             6,267,987              6,471,395
                              ==========           ===========             ==========

</TABLE>

                                      F-20

<PAGE>


Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2003 under both plans are summarized
as follows:

                                 Weighted Avg.   Weighted
    Range of         Number        Remaining      Avg.
Exercise Prices    Outstanding    Contractual    Exercise
                                      Life        Price
- ------------------- ------------ ------------- -----------

    $1.28-$1.80        757,334             9.2     $ 1.39

    $1.94-$2.88        454,917             7.8     $ 2.31

    $3.00-$3.26         54,959             8.2     $ 3.01

    $5.38-$8.00        439,186             5.3     $ 5.91

   $8.63-$11.75         70,108             3.1    $ 10.04

  $13.25-$19.50        170,529             5.4    $ 14.89

         $22.00         10,000             5.6    $ 22.00
                   -------------
                     1,957,033
                   =============

In August 1994, the Company issued warrants to purchase 30,000 shares of Mace
Security International, Inc. common stock at $8.50 per share in connection with
the purchase of certain assets of a business. The warrants are exercisable over
a ten year period, expiring on August 24, 2004.

The Company has a remaining total of 905,232 warrants to purchase common stock
outstanding at December 31, 2003, all of which are exercisable. In 1999, the
Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 1,328,250 shares of the Company's
common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $4.22 per share in
connection with the purchase of certain businesses and to a director. The terms
of the warrants have been established by the Board of Directors. The warrants
are exercisable at any time through August 2, 2009 and have an exercise price
ranging from $2.75 to $18.50 per share.

During the exercise period, the Company will reserve a sufficient number of
shares of its common stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented
by option and warrant holders.

11. Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2003 and 2002
are as follows:

                                      F-21

<PAGE>


                                            As of December 31,
                                          ----------------------
                                             2003          2002
                                          ------------ ---------
Deferred tax assets:
   Allowance for doubtful accounts           $104           $94
   Inventories                                 39            39
   Net operating loss carryforwards         7,822         5,820
   Deferred revenue                           159           150
   Compensation                               155           202
   Car damage reserve                          25            33
   Accrued workers compensation costs         (11)          140
   Other, net                                  17           176
                                          ------------ ---------
       Total deferred tax assets            8,310         6,654

Valuation allowance for deferred tax
 assets                                      (872)       (1,100)
Deferred tax assets after valuation       ------------ ---------
 allowance                                  7,438         5,554
                                          ------------ ---------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Property, equipment and
    intangibles                            (5,352)       (3,624)
                                          ------------ ---------
Net deferred tax assets                    $2,086        $1,930
                                          ============ ==========

At December 31, 2003, the Company has a net deferred tax asset of $2.1 million,
primarily representing the tax effect of the $21.0 million of net operating loss
carryforwards that will begin to expire during the year ending December 31,
2008, if unused. Realization of the future tax benefits related to the deferred
tax assets is dependent upon many factors, including the Company's ability to
generate taxable income in future years. Based on the relevant factors
considered, the Company believes it is more likely than not it will realize the
benefits of the net deferred tax assets. During 2003 the valuation allowance was
reduced by $228,000. This reduction was the result of several fully reserved
deferred tax assets that were written off in 2003 along with their corresponding
valuation allowance established in prior years.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

The components of income tax (benefit) expense are:

                                                Year ended December 31,
                                          -------------------------------
                                              2003        2002     2001
                                                    (In Thousands)
                                          -------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>          <C>      <C>
Current (principally state taxes)             $106           $203    $195
Deferred                                      (156)        (2,423)    339
                                          ---------- ------------- ------
Total income tax (benefit) expense           $ (50)      $ (2,220)  $ 534
                                          =========  ============= =======

</TABLE>


The significant components of deferred income tax (benefit) expense attributed
to (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 are as
follows:

                                              Year ended December 31,
                                        -------------------------------------
                                          2003          2002            2001
                                        --------- ------------- -------------
Deferred tax expense                    $2,074       $(1,465)         $1,531
Loss carryforward                       (2,002)       (1,108)         (1,297)
Valuation allowance for deferred tax
 assets                                   (228)          150             105
                                        --------- ------------- -------------
                                        $ (156)     $ (2,423)          $ 339
                                        ========= ============= =============


A reconciliation of income tax (benefit) expense computed at the U.S. federal
statutory tax rates to total income tax (benefit) expense is as follows:

                                      F-22

<PAGE>

                                                Year ended December 31,
                                     -----------------------------------------
                                           2003          2002            2001
                                                 (In Thousands)
                                     -------------- --------------- ----------
Tax at U.S. federal statutory rate      $(1,255)      $(2,803)           $505
State taxes, net of federal benefit         233          (184)            128
Goodwill impairment                       1,203             -               -
Nondeductible costs and other
 acquisition accounting adjustments           7           654             171
Valuation allowance for deferred tax
 assets                                    (228)          150             105
Fixed asset adjustments                       -             -            (358)
Other adjustments                           (10)          (37)            (17)
                                     -------------- --------------- ----------
Total income tax (benefit) expense        $ (50)     $ (2,220)          $ 534
                                     ============== =============== ==========


12. Earnings Per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                ---------------------------------------
                                                                        2003         2002         2001
                                                                --------------- -------------- --------
<S>                                                                  <C>             <C>          <C>
Numerator (In Thousands):
(Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle                                                           $(3,533)        $(57)        $908
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                        -       (5,733)           -
                                                                --------------- -------------- --------
Net (loss) income                                                    $(3,533)     $(5,790)        $908
                                                                =============== ============== ========

Denominator:
Denominator for basic (loss) income
 per share - weighted average shares                              12,414,816   12,630,964   12,724,282
Dilutive effect of options and warrants                                    -            -       17,840
Denominator for diluted (loss) income                           --------------- -------------- --------
 per share - weighted average shares                              12,414,816   12,630,964   12,742,122
                                                                =============== ============== ========

Basic (loss) income per share:
   (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle                                              $(0.28)          $-        $0.07
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                     -        (0.46)           -
                                                                --------------- -------------- --------
   Total                                                              $(0.28)      $(0.46)       $0.07
                                                                =============== ============== ========

Diluted (loss) income per share:
   (Loss) income before cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle                                              $(0.28)       $   -        $0.07
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                     -        (0.46)           -
                                                                --------------- -------------- --------
   Total                                                              $(0.28)      $(0.46)       $0.07
                                                                =============== ============== ========

</TABLE>

The dilutine effect of options and warrants of 40,399 and 25,344 at December 31,
2003 and 2002, respectively, have not been included in the calculation of
diluted earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive.

                                      F-23

<PAGE>


13. Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company maintains its cash accounts in high quality financial institutions.
At times, these balances may exceed insured amounts.

14. Commitments and Contingencies

The Company is obligated under various operating leases, primarily for certain
equipment, vehicles, and real estate. Certain of these leases contain purchase
options, renewal provisions, and contingent rentals for the proportionate share
of taxes, utilities, insurance, and annual cost of living increases. Future
minimum lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining
noncancellable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2003 are as
follows: 2004 - $1.3 million; 2005 - $1.0 million; 2006 - $616,000; 2007 -
$501,000; 2008 - $369,000; and thereafter - $1.1 million. Rental expense under
these leases was $1.7 million, $1.6 million, and $1.5 million, for the years
ended December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively.

The Company subleases a portion of the building space at several of its car wash
facilities either on a month-to-month basis or under cancellable leases. During
fiscal 2003, 2002, and 2001 revenues under these leases were approximately
$214,000, $192,000, and $141,000 respectively. These amounts are classified as
other income in the accompanying statements of operations.

The Company is subject to federal and state environmental regulations, including
rules relating to air and water pollution and the storage and disposal of oil,
other chemicals, and waste. The Company believes that it complies, in all
material respect, with all applicable laws relating to its business.

Certain of the Company's executive officers have entered into employee stock
option agreements whereby options issued to them shall be entitled to immediate
vesting should the officer be terminated upon a change in control of the
Company. Additionally, the employment agreement of the Company's Chief Executive
Officer, Louis D. Paolino, Jr., entitles Mr. Paolino to receive a fee of $2.5
million upon termination of employment under certain conditions. The employment
agreement also provides for a bonus of $2.5 million upon a change in control.

The Company is a party to various legal proceedings related to its normal
business activities. In the opinion of the Company's management, none of these
proceedings are material in relation to the Company's results of operations,
liquidity, cash flows, or financial condition.

15. Employee Benefit Plans

Two subsidiaries of the Company maintained voluntary 401(k) plans which covered
substantially all of their respective employees. Under one of the plans,
employees were allowed to contribute from 1% to 20% of their regular wages, up
to the limit permitted by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matched 25%
of each dollar contributed by employees up to 4% of their wages. Under the
second plan, employees could contribute from 1% to 25%. Although the plan
allowed for discretionary company matches, the Company did not make any matching
contributions in the three years ended December 31, 2003. Both plans were
terminated in 2002.

16. Operating Agreements

The Company has been directly operating its Security Products Segment since May
1, 2002. Previous to May 1, 2002, the Security Products Segment was operated by
Mark Sport under a management agreement which expired on April 30, 2002. Mark
Sport is controlled by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company through
December, 2003. Under the Management Agreement, beginning on January 1, 2000,
Mark Sport operated the segment and received all profits and losses therefrom.
In exchange, Mark Sport paid the Company a monthly fee and, upon termination of
the agreement, an amount equal to the amortization and depreciation of the
assets of the division. (See Note 19, Related Party Transactions.)

17. Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges

In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, we periodically review the carrying value of our long-lived
assets held and used, and assets to be disposed of, for possible impairment when
events and circumstances warrant such a review. During the year ended December
31, 2002, we wrote down assets determined to be impaired by approximately $1.2
million. The asset write-down related to one of our full service car wash sites
in Texas and two full service car wash sites in Arizona. We have determined that
due to poor demographics and increased competition in the geographic areas of
these sites, their future expected cash flows will not be sufficient to recover
their respective carrying values. During the quarter ended June 30, 2003, we
further wrote down the assets related to one of the full service car wash site
in Arizona which we partially wrote down at December 31, 2002 by an additional
$351,000. The additional write-down was the result of the impending loss of a
significant customer of this site resulting in an additional reduction of the
future expected cash flows of this site and the ability to recover the site's
carrying value. The Company closed the facility effective September 30, 2003. We
continue to market the remaining two sites for sale and have written down these
two assets to their estimated fair market values.

                                      F-24

<PAGE>


In the fourth quarter of 2003, as a result of the annual impairment test of
Goodwill and Other Intangibles, we recorded an impairment of approximately $3.4
million related to our Northeast region reporting unit of our Car and Truck Wash
Segment. This was principally due to a reduction in future projected cash flows
resulting from extended departures from our historic revenue levels due to
inclement weather and a slower economy.

18. Costs of Terminated Acquisitions

The Company's policy is to charge as an expense any previously capitalized
expenditures relating to proposed acquisitions that in management's current
opinion will not be consummated. The costs of previously capitalized
expenditures related to proposed acquisitions totaled approximately $57,000 and
$135,000 in 2002 and 2001, respectively. These costs, which principally related
to several possible acquisitions the Company pursued outside the car wash
industry, are primarily related to due diligence costs.

19. Related Party Transactions

Effective August 1, 2000, Mace entered into a five-year lease with Bluepointe,
Inc., a corporation controlled by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Mace's Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and President, for Mace's executive offices in Mt. Laurel, New
Jersey. The lease terms were subject to a survey of local real estate market
pricing and approval by the Company's Audit Committee and provide for an initial
monthly rental payment of $15,962, which increases by 5% per year in the third
through fifth years of the lease. Mace believes that the terms of this lease
(based on an annual rate of $19.00 per square foot) are competitive when
compared to similar facilities in the Mt. Laurel, New Jersey area. Mace has also
entered into a three-year furniture lease/purchase agreement with Bluepointe,
Inc., dated January 1, 2001, which provided for an initial payment of $20,000
and monthly rental payments thereafter of $4,513, for the use of the furnishings
in Mace's executive offices. The rental rates were based upon a third-party
valuation of the furnishings. The furniture lease has expired and Mace has
purchased the furniture.

The Company purchased charter airline services from Air Eastern, Inc., and LP
Learjets, LLC, charter airline companies owned by Louis D. Paolino, Jr., the
Company's Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. The Company incurred
approximately $5,000 in 2003 and $29,000 in 2002 for such services. On November
6, 2001, the Audit Committee approved an arrangement subject to quarterly review
under which the Company prepays LP Learjets, LLC $5,109 per month for the right
to use a Learjet 31A for 100 hours per year. Additionally, when the Learjet 31A
is used, the Company pays to third parties unaffiliated with Louis D. Paolino,
Jr., the direct costs of the Learjet's per-hour use, which include fuel, pilot
fees, engine insurance and landing fees. As of July 2002, the Company is no
longer prepaying LP Learjets, LLC for the future right to use the Learjet 31A.

In February 2000, the Company entered into a Management Agreement with Mark
Sport, Inc. ("Mark Sport"), a Vermont corporation controlled by Jon E. Goodrich,
a director of the Company through December, 2003. The Management Agreement
entitled Mark Sport to operate the Company's Security Products Segment and
receive all profits or losses for a seven-month term beginning January 1, 2000
in exchange for certain payments to the Company. The Management Agreement was
extended several times through amendments. A February 21, 2002 amendment
extended the term of the Management Agreement through April 30, 2002, and
reconciled the amount owed by Mark Sport to the Company under the Management
Agreement from February 2000 through December 31, 2001. Mark Sport and the
Company agreed in the amendment that Mark Sport, as of December 31, 2001, owed
the Company $127,000, resulting in a resolution of certain disputes and a
reduction of the amounts owed by Mark Sport of approximately $92,000. The
Management Agreement expired on April 30, 2002 and was further amended on July
22, 2002 to reconcile the amount owed by Mark Sport to Mace under the Management
Agreement for the period January 1, 2002 through April 30, 2002. Mark Sport and
Mace agreed in their final amendment that Mark Sport owed the Company $100,000
for this period, resulting in a resolution of certain disputes and a reduction
of the amounts recorded by the Company as owed by Mark Sport of approximately
$39,000. At December 31, 2003, Mark Sport owed the Company $127,000.

The Company's Consumer Products Division leases manufacturing and office space
under a five-year lease with Vermont Mill, Inc. ("Vermont Mill"), which provides
for monthly lease payments of $9,167 through November 2004. The Company has
exercised an option to continue the lease through November 2009. The rent will
increase by a CPI factor on November 2004. Vermont Mill is controlled by Jon E.
Goodrich, a director of the Company through December 2003. The Company believes
that the lease rate is lower than lease rates charged for similar properties in
the Bennington, Vermont area. On July 22, 2002, the lease was amended to provide
Mace the option and right to cancel the lease with proper notice and a payment
equal to six months of the then current rent for the leased space occupied by
Mace. On March 1, 2004, Vermont Mill agreed to pay the $127,000 that Mark Sport
owes the Company by giving the Company a monthly rent reduction of $1,700. The
rent credit commences in July 2004 and continues for 72 months.

                                      F-25

<PAGE>


Vermont Mill borrowed a total of $228,671 from the Company through December 31,
2001. On February 22, 2002, Vermont Mill executed a three year promissory note
with monthly installments of $7,061 including interest at a rate of 7%. The
Company's Lease Agreement with Vermont Mill provides for a right of offset of
lease payments against this promissory note in the event monthly payments are
not made by Vermont Mill. At December 31, 2003, the balance owed on this
promissory note was $102,000.

From January 1, 2003 through December 31, 2003, the Company's Electronic
Surveillance Products Division sold approximately $51,000 of electronic security
equipment to DSS, Inc. and approximately $22,000 to Security Systems and
Installations, Inc. Louis Paolino, III, the son of the Company's CEO, Louis D.
Paolino, Jr., is a one-third owner of DSS, Inc. and a fifty percent owner of
Security Systems and Installations Inc. The pricing extended to DSS, Inc. and
Security Systems and Installations, Inc. is no more favorable than the pricing
given to third party customers who purchase in similar volume. Additionally,
DSS, Inc. was hired by the Company to install security cameras in several of the
Company's car washes at an installation fee of $6,800. At December 31, 2003,
DSS, Inc. and Security Systems and Installations, Inc. owed the Company
approximately $37,000 and $20,000, respectively.

20. Segment Reporting

The Company currently operates in two segments: the Car and Truck Wash Segment,
supplying complete car care services (including wash, detailing, lube, and minor
repairs), fuel, and merchandise sales; and the Security Products Segment. From
January 1, 2000 through April 30, 2002, the Company was paid $20,000 per month
under a Management Agreement pursuant to which Mark Sport, an entity controlled
by Jon E. Goodrich, a director of the Company through December, 2003, operated
the Company's Security Products Segment. Effective May 1, 2002, the Management
Agreement expired and the Company recommenced operation of the Security Products
Segment.

The Company evaluates performances and allocates resources based on operating
income of each reportable segment rather than at the operating unit level. The
Company defines operating income as revenues less cost of revenues, selling,
general and administrative expense, and depreciation and amortization expense.
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those
described in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (see Note 2). There
is no intercompany profit or loss recognized on intersegment sales.

The Company's reportable segments are business units that offer different
services and products. The reportable segments are each managed separately
because they provide distinct services or produce and distribute distinct
products through different processes.

                                      F-26

<PAGE>

Selected financial information for each reportable segment is as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                       --------------------------------------
                                                             2003         2002           2001
                                                       ----------- ------------- ------------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>            <C>
Revenues:                                                          (In Thousands)
   Car and truck wash - external customers                $43,415      $44,132        $47,984
   Security products - external customers                   5,581        2,498              -
   Security products - operating agreement                      -           80            240
                                                       ----------- ------------- ------------
                                                          $48,996      $46,710        $48,224
                                                       ----------- ------------- ------------


Operating (loss) income:
   Corporate (1)                                          $(2,987)     $(3,044)       $(2,845)
   Car and truck wash                                       4,917        6,004          6,645
   Security products                                         (190)         (15)             -
   Security products - operating agreement                      -           80            148
                                                       ----------- ------------- ------------
                                                           $1,740       $3,025         $3,948
                                                       =========== ============= ============

Assets:
   Car and truck wash                                     $83,262      $91,294       $100,529
   Security products                                        7,340        4,994          4,141
                                                       ----------- ------------- ------------
                                                          $90,602      $96,288       $104,670
                                                       =========== ============= ============

Capital expenditures:
   Corporate                                                   $5          $11           $171
   Car and truck wash                                         872        1,357          1,715
   Security products                                          578          625              -
                                                       ----------- ------------- ------------
                                                           $1,455       $1,993         $1,886
                                                       =========== ============= ============

Depreciation and amortization:
   Corporate                                                  $62          $66            $95
   Car and truck wash                                       1,795        1,839          2,626
   Security products                                          101           48             92
                                                       ----------- ------------- ------------
                                                           $1,958       $1,953         $2,813
                                                       =========== ============= ============

</TABLE>


(1)  Corporate functions include the corporate treasury, legal, financial
     reporting, information technology, corporate tax, corporate insurance,
     human resources, investor relations, and other typical centralized
     administrative functions.

<PAGE>

A reconciliation of operating income for reportable segments to total reported
operating (loss) income is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                       ---------------------------------------
                                                             2003         2002           2001
                                                                   (In Thousands)
                                                       ---------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>            <C>
   Total operating income for
      reportable segments                                 $ 1,740      $ 3,025        $ 3,948
   Costs of terminated acquisitions                             -           57            135
   Goodwill and asset impairment charges                    3,798        1,165              -
                                                       ------------ ------------ -------------
   Total reported operating (loss) income                 $(2,058)     $1,803        $3,813
                                                       ============ ============ ==============
</TABLE>

                                      F-27

<PAGE>

21. Selected Quarterly Financial Information (In Thousands, except per share
information) (Unaudited)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     Year ended December 31, 2003
                                          ---------------------------------------------------

                                                                                 Diluted Net
                                                                       Net      Income (Loss)
                                          Revenues   Gross Profit    Income       Per Share
                                                                     (Loss)
                                          ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>

   1st Quarter                              $12,601       $3,670         $342           $0.03
   2nd Quarter                               12,302        3,372          (88)         $(0.01)
   3rd Quarter                               11,876        2,928         (182)         $(0.01)
   4th Quarter                               12,217        3,214       (3,605)         $(0.29)
                                         ---------- --------------- ------------- ------------
   Total                                    $48,996      $13,184      $(3,533)         $(0.28)
                                         ========== =============== ============= ============

                                                     Year ended December 31, 2002
                                         -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 Diluted Net
                                                                  Net (Loss)    (Loss) Income
                                          Revenues   Gross Profit    Income       Per Share
                                         ---------- --------------- ------------- ------------
   1st Quarter                              $11,756       $3,840      $(5,042)         $(0.40)
   2nd Quarter                               11,853        3,581          357           $0.03
   3rd Quarter                               11,840        3,146         (116)         $(0.01)
   4th Quarter                               11,261        2,843         (989)         $(0.08)
                                         ---------- --------------- ------------- ------------
   Total                                    $46,710      $13,410      $(5,790)         $(0.46)
                                         ========== =============== ============= ============


                                                     Year ended December 31, 2001
                                         -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 Diluted Net
                                                                  Net Income    Income (Loss)
                                          Revenues   Gross Profit    (Loss)       Per Share
                                         ---------- --------------- ------------- ------------
   1st Quarter                              $12,829       $3,749         $302           $0.02
   2nd Quarter                               13,041        3,894          358           $0.03
   3rd Quarter                               10,965        2,827          (19)             $-
   4th Quarter                               11,389        3,657          267           $0.02
                                         ---------- --------------- ------------- ------------
   Total                                    $48,224      $14,127         $908           $0.07
                                         ========== =============== ============= ============

</TABLE>

                                      F-28

<PAGE>


    EXHIBIT INDEX

    Exhibit

    No. Description

    10.155     Modification and Extension of Note and Ratification of Mortgage
               Liens dated November 28, 2003, between the Company, its
               subsidiary, Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A.
               in the amount of $5,723,079.
    10.156     Note Modification Agreement and Amendment to credit agreement
               dated December 15, 2003, between the Company, its subsidiary,
               Mace Security Products, Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in the
               amount of $500,000.
    10.157     Note Modification Agreement and Amendment to credit agreement
               dated January 21, 2004, between the Company, its subsidiary,
               Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc. and Bank One, Texas, N.A. in
               the amount of $48,725.50.
    10.158     Credit Agreement dated as of December 31, 2003, between the
               Company, its subsidiary, Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc., and Bank
               One Texas, N.A. (pursuant to instruction 2 to Item 601of
               Regulation S-K, four additional credit agreements which are
               substantially identical in all material respects, except as to
               the borrower being Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc., Colonial Full
               Service Car Wash, Inc., Mace Security Products, Inc., and Mace
               Security International, Inc., are not being filed.)

    11         Statement Re: Computation of Per Share Earnings

    14         Code of Ethics and Business Conduct

    21         Subsidiaries of the Company

    23.1       Consent of Grant Thornton LLP

    24         Power of Attorney (included on signature page)

    31.1       Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
               302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    31.2      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302
              of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    32.1      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
              Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
              Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    32.2      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
              Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
              Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.155
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>a4592736ex10155.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX - 10.155 PREPARED BY
<TEXT>

This Instrument Prepared By:                                     Exhibit  10.155
Bank One, NA
1301 S. Bowen Road, Suite 150
Arlington, Texas 76013

STATE OF FLORIDA         ss
                         ss        MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF NOTE
                         ss        AND RATIFICATION OF MORTGAGE LIENS
COUNTIES OF LEE,         ss
SARASOTA AND MANATEE     ss

         THIS AGREEMENT is effective the 28th day of November, 2003, by and
between BANK ONE, NA, with its main office in Chicago, Illinois, successor by
merger to Bank One, Texas, National Association ("Bank"),whose address is 1301
South Bowen Road, Suite 150, Arlington, Texas 76013 ("Bank") and EAGER BEAVER
CAR WASH, INC. ("Borrower").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                              --------------------

         The following provisions are a part of and form the basis for this
agreement:

         A. Borrower acknowledges the debt obligation represented by that
certain Promissory Note dated November 28, 2000 in the amount of Six Million,
Seven Hundred Fifty-Four Thousand, Four Hundred and No/100 Dollars
($6,754,400.00) (the "Note") executed by Borrower herein named and payable to
Bank. Said note bearing interest and payable as provided therein except as
modified by this Modification Agreement.

         B. The Note is secured by Mortgage of even date therewith (the
"Mortgage") executed by Borrower for the benefit of Bank and being filed of
record in Official Records Book 3347, Page 262 of the Public Records of Lee
County, Florida; in Official Records Book 1658, Page 6024 of the Public Records
of Manatee County, Florida; and in Office Records Instrument 2000152995 of the
Public Records of Sarasota County, Florida, and Borrower pledged to Bank the
real property described as follows, to-wit:

                  See Exhibit "A" attached hereto and incorporated herein.

         C. Borrower herein has requested Bank to extend and modify the Note and
the liens securing same as hereinafter set forth.

                              A G R E E M E N T S:
                              --------------------

         NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         l. Borrower and Bank have agreed that on the date hereof the unpaid
principal balance of the Note herein modified is and shall be Five Million,
Seven Hundred Twenty-Three Thousand, Seventy-Nine and No/100 Dollars
($5,723,079.00).


Modification Agreement                                                    Page 1

<PAGE>

         2. The maturity date of the Note shall be November 28, 2008, when all
unpaid principal and accrued interest shall be finally due and payable.

         3. Borrower has agreed that all other provisions of the original note
dated November 28, 2000 as executed shall remain in full force and effect.
Additionally, Borrower and Bank agree to the ratification of all terms and
conditions of the original mortgage which secures the Note and any and all
renewals and extensions thereof.

         4. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
Texas law and applicable federal law. The parties hereto intend to conform
strictly to the applicable usury laws. In no event, whether by reason of
acceleration of the maturity of the Note or otherwise, shall the amount paid or
agreed to be paid to Bank for the use, forbearance or detention of money under
the Note or otherwise exceed the maximum amount permissible under applicable
law. If fulfillment of any provision of the Note or of any other document now or
hereafter evidencing, securing or pertaining to the indebtedness evidenced by
the Note, at the time performance of such provision shall be due, would involve
transcending the limit of validity prescribed by law, then the obligation to be
fulfilled shall be reduced automatically to the limit of such validity. If Bank
shall ever receive anything of value deemed interest under applicable law which
would exceed interest at the highest lawful rate, an amount equal to the
reduction of the principal amount owing under the Note in the inverse order of
its maturity and not to the payment of interest, or if such amount which would
have been excessive interest exceeds the unpaid balance of principal of the
Note, such excess shall be refunded to Borrower. All sums paid or agreed to be
paid to Bank for the use, forbearance or detention of the indebtedness of
Borrower to Bank shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized,
prorated, allocated, and spread throughout the full stated term of such
indebtedness so that the amount of interest on account of such indebtedness does
not exceed the maximum permitted by applicable law. The provision of this
paragraph shall control all existing and future agreements between Borrower and
Bank.

         5. THIS WRITTEN LOAN AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN
THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS,
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL
AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

         6. This agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, successors and assigns.

         EXECUTED as of the date of the acknowledgments, to be effective as of
the date first above written.

                                         BANK ONE, NA


/s/ Ginger Joplin                        By:     /s/ Mark W. Warren
- ----------------------                           -----------------------------
______________________, Witness          Mark W. Warren, Senior Vice President

/s/ Brande Anderson
- ----------------------
______________________, Witness


Modification Agreement                                                    Page 2
<PAGE>





                                               EAGER BEAVER CAR WASH, INC.


/s/ Barbara Wilmer                      By:    /s/  Robert M. Kramer
- ----------------------                         -------------------------------
______________________, Witness                Robert M. Kramer, Secretary

/s/ Ed Nieves
- ----------------------
______________________, Witness


                                               AGREED AND APPROVED BY GUARANTOR:

                                               MACE SECURITY INTERNATIONAL, INC.


/s/ Barbara Wilmer                     By:     /s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
- ----------------------                         ------------------------------
______________________, Witness                Gregory M. Krzemien, Treasurer

/s/ Ed Nieves
- ----------------------
______________________, Witness






STATE OF TEXAS           ss
COUNTY OF TARRANT        ss

     This instrument was acknowledged before me on this 31 day of December,
2003, by Mark W. Warren, in his capacity as Senior Vice President of BANK ONE,
NA, who is personally known to me or who has produced
___________________________________ as identification.


                                    /s/ Pam Beasley
                                    -----------------------------
                                    Notary Public, State of Texas

                                    /s/ Pam Beasley
                                    -----------------------------
                                    (print name of notary)

My Commission Expires:



Modification Agreement                                                    Page 3


<PAGE>




STATE OF ____________    ss.

COUNTY OF __________     ss.

     The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me on this 29 day of
December, 2003, by Robert M. Kramer, in his capacity as Secretary of EAGER
BEAVER CAR WASH, INC., who is personally known to me or who has produced
_________________________________________ as identification.


                                    /s/ Rosemary Cavaliere
                                    ---------------------------------------
                                    Notary Public

                                    /s/ Rosemary Cavaliere
                                    ---------------------------------------
                                    (print name of notary)
My Commission Expires:

- ---------------------------------

Modification Agreement                                                    Page 4



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.156
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>a4592736ex10156.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.156 NOTE MODIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.156
                                                     Note Modification Agreement



This agreement is dated as of December 15, 2003 (the "Agreement Date"), to be
effective as of December 15, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Mace
Security Products, Inc. alone, and its successors (the "Borrower") and Bank One,
NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL (the "Bank").

WHEREAS, the Borrower executed a Line of Credit Note as evidence of indebtedness
in the original face amount of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars
($500,000.00), dated December 15, 2002 owing by the Borrower to the Bank, as
same may have been amended or modified from time to time (the "Note"), which
Note has at all times been, and is now, continuously and without interruption
outstanding in favor of the Bank; and,

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed that the Note be
modified to the limited extent as hereinafter set forth;

NOW THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1. ACCURACY OF RECITALS. The Borrower acknowledges the accuracy of the Recitals
stated above.

2. MODIFICATION OF NOTE.

     2.1  From and after the Effective Date, the provision in the Note captioned
          Promise to Pay is hereby amended as follows: The date on which the
          entire balance of unpaid principal plus accrued interest shall be due
          and payable immediately is hereby changed from December 15, 2003 to
          December 15, 2004.

     2.2  Each of the Related Documents is modified to provide that it shall be
          a default or an event of default thereunder if the Borrower shall fail
          to comply with any of the covenants of the Borrower herein or if any
          representation or warranty by the Borrower or by any guarantor herein
          is materially incomplete, incorrect, or misleading as of the date
          hereof. As used in this agreement, the "Related Documents" shall
          include the Note and all loan agreements, credit agreements,
          reimbursement agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of
          trust, pledge agreements, assignments, guaranties, or any other
          instrument or document executed in connection with the Note or in
          connection with any other obligations of the Borrower to the Bank.

     2.3  Each reference in the Related Documents to any of the Related
          Documents shall be a reference to such document as modified herein.

3. RATIFICATION OF RELATED DOCUMENTS AND COLLATERAL. The Related Documents are
ratified and reaffirmed by the Borrower and shall remain in full force and
effect as they may be modified herein. All real or personal property described
as security in the Related Documents shall remain as security for the Note and
the obligations of the Borrower in the Related Documents.

4. BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and warrants
to the Bank:

     4.1  No default or event of default under any of the Related Documents as
          modified hereby, nor any event, that, with the giving of notice or the
          passage of time or both, would be a default or an event of default
          under the Related Documents as modified herein has occurred and is
          continuing.

     4.2  There has been no material adverse change in the financial conditions
          of the Borrower or any other person whose financial statement has been
          delivered to the Bank in connection with the Note from the most recent
          financial statement received by the Bank.

     4.3  Each and all representations and warranties of the Borrower in the
          Related Documents are accurate on the date hereof.

     4.4  The Borrower has no claims, counterclaims, defenses, or setoffs with
          respect to the loan evidenced by the Note or with respect to the
          Related Documents as modified herein.

<PAGE>

     4.5  The Note and the Related Documents as modified herein are the legal,
          valid, and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against
          the Borrower in accordance with their terms.

     4.6  The Borrower, other than any Borrower who is a natural person, is
          validly existing under the laws of the State of its formation or
          organization. The Borrower has the requisite power and authority to
          execute and deliver this agreement and to perform the obligations
          described in the Related Documents as modified herein. The execution
          and delivery of this agreement and the performance of the obligations
          described in the Related Documents as modified herein have been duly
          authorized by all requisite action by or on behalf of the Borrower.
          This agreement has been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of
          the Borrower.

5. BORROWER COVENANTS. The Borrower covenants with the Bank:

     5.1  The Borrower shall execute, deliver, and provide to the Bank such
          additional agreements, documents, and instruments as reasonably
          required by the Bank to effectuate the intent of this agreement.

     5.2  The Borrower fully, finally, and forever releases and discharges the
          Bank and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees,
          agents, and representatives from any and all causes of action, claims,
          debts, demands, and liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, in law or
          equity, of the Borrower, whether now known or unknown to the Borrower,
          (i) in respect of the loan evidenced by the Note and the Related
          Documents, or of the actions or omissions of the Bank in any manner
          related to the loan evidenced by the Note or the Related Documents and
          (ii) arising from events occurring prior to the date of this
          agreement.

     5.3  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank:

          5.3.1 All the internal and external costs and expenses incurred by the
               Bank in connection with this agreement (including, without
               limitation, inside and outside attorneys, appraisal, appraisal
               review, processing, title, filing, and recording costs, expenses,
               and fees).


6. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF AGREEMENT BY THE BANK. The Bank shall not be bound
by this agreement until (i) the Bank has executed this agreement and (ii) the
Borrower performed all of the obligations of the Borrower under this agreement
to be performed contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
agreement.

7. INTEGRATION, ENTIRE AGREEMENT, CHANGE, DISCHARGE, TERMINATION, OR WAIVER. The
Note and the Related Documents as modified herein contain the complete
understanding and agreement of the Borrower and the Bank in respect of the loan
and supersede all prior representations, warranties, agreements, arrangements,
understandings, and negotiations. No provision of the Note or the Related
Documents as modified herein may be changed, discharged, supplemented,
terminated, or waived except in a writing signed by the party against whom it is
being enforced.

8. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE. This agreement is delivered in the State of Texas
and governed by Texas law (without giving effect to its laws of conflicts). The
Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to any of its
obligations under the Note or this agreement may be brought by the Bank in any
state or federal court located in the State of Texas, as the Bank in its sole
discretion may elect. By the execution and delivery of this agreement, the
Borrower submits to and accepts, for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts.
The Borrower waives any claim that the State of Texas is not a convenient forum
or the proper venue for any such suit, action or proceeding. This agreement
binds the Borrower and its successors, and benefits the Bank, its successors and
assigns. The Borrower shall not, however, have the right to assign the
Borrower's rights under this agreement or any interest therein, without the
prior written consent of the Bank.

9. COUNTERPART EXECUTION. This agreement may be executed in multiple
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but
all such counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
agreement.







                 [THIS SPACE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       2
<PAGE>




10. NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a novation. In
addition to all amounts hereafter due under the Note and the Related Documents
as they may be modified herein, all accrued interest evidenced by the Note being
modified by this agreement and all accrued amounts due and payable under the
Related Documents shall continue to be due and payable until paid. Except for
the above-quoted modification(s), the Note, any Related Documents, and all the
terms and conditions thereof, shall be and remain in full force and effect with
the changes herein deemed to be incorporated therein. This agreement is to be
considered attached to the Note and made a part thereof. This agreement shall
not release or affect the liability of any guarantor, surety or endorser of the
Note or release any owner of collateral securing the Note. The validity,
priority and enforceability of the Note shall not be impaired hereby. References
to the Related Documents and to other agreements shall not affect or impair the
absolute and unconditional obligation of the Borrower to pay the principal and
interest on the Note when due. The Bank reserves all rights against all parties
to the Note.



                                       Borrower:

 Address:  1000 Crawford Place
           Mount Laurel, NJ 08054      Mace Security Products, Inc.

                                       By:  /s/ Gregory Krzemien
                                            ------------------------------------

                                            Gregory M. Krzemien      Treasurer
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Printed Name                Title

                                       Date Signed:  12/29/03
                                                    ----------------------------


BANK'S ACCEPTANCE

The foregoing agreement is hereby agreed to and acknowledged.


                               Bank:

                               Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL

                               By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren
                                    --------------------------------------------

                                    Mark W. Warren        First Vice President
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Printed Name                         Title

                               Date Signed:   12/31/03
                                             -----------------------------------


Christy MurphyTX000001010487680


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

                                                   Amendment to Credit Agreement

This agreement is dated as of December 15, 2003, to be effective as of December
15, 2003 by and between Mace Security Products, Inc. (the "Borrower") and Bank
One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL (the "Bank"), and its successors
and assigns.

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Bank entered into a Credit Agreement dated
December 15, 2002, as amended (if applicable) (the "Credit Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed to amend the Credit
Agreement as set forth below;

NOW, THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.   DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning
     ascribed in the Credit Agreement.

2.   MODIFICATION OF CREDIT AGREEMENT. The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as
     follows:

          2.1  From and after December 15, 2003, the provision in the Credit
               Agreement captioned 4.5 Financial Reports C. is hereby amended as
               follows: the portion of the provision now reading: "Within thirty
               (30) days after and as of the end of each calendar month" is
               amended to read as follows:

               Within forty-five (45) days after and as of the end of each
               calendar month,

          2.2  From and after December 15, 2003, the provision in the Credit
               Agreement captioned 4.5 Financial Reports D. is hereby amended as
               follows: the portion of the provision now reading: "Within thirty
               (30) days after each monthly period," is amended to read as
               follows:

               Within forty-five (45) days after each monthly period,

          2.3  From and after December 15, 2003, the provision in the Credit
               Agreement captioned 5.2 J. Debt Service Coverage Ratio is hereby
               deleted in its entirety.

3.   RATIFICATION. The Borrower ratifies and reaffirms the Credit Agreement and
     the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as modified
     herein.

4.   BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and
     warrants that (a) the representations and warranties contained in the
     Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the
     date of this agreement, (b) no condition, act or event which could
     constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement or any promissory
     note or credit facility executed in reference to the Credit Agreement
     exists, and (c) no condition, event, act or omission has occurred, which,
     with the giving of notice or passage of time, would constitute an event of
     default under the Credit Agreement or any promissory note or credit
     facility executed in reference to the Credit Agreement.

<PAGE>

5.   FEES AND EXPENSES. The Borrower agrees to pay all fees and out-of-pocket
     disbursements incurred by the Bank in connection with this agreement,
     including legal fees incurred by the Bank in the preparation, consummation,
     administration and enforcement of this agreement.

6.   EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. This agreement shall become effective only after it
     is fully executed by the Borrower and the Bank, and the Bank shall have
     received from the Borrower the following documents: Note Modification
     Agreement and Notice of Final Agreement.

7.   ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF BORROWER. The Borrower acknowledges that as of the date
     of this agreement it has no offsets with respect to all amounts owed by the
     Borrower to the Bank arising under or related to the Credit Agreement on or
     prior to the date of this agreement. The Borrower fully, finally and
     forever releases and discharges the Bank and its successors, assigns,
     directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from any and all
     claims, causes of action, debts and liabilities, of whatever kind or
     nature, in law or in equity, of the Borrower, whether now known or unknown
     to the Borrower, which may have arisen in connection with the Credit
     Agreement or the actions or omissions of the Bank related to the Credit
     Agreement on or prior to the date hereof. The Borrower acknowledges and
     agrees that this agreement is limited to the terms outlined above, and
     shall not be construed as an agreement to change any other terms or
     provisions of the Credit Agreement. This agreement shall not establish a
     course of dealing or be construed as evidence of any willingness on the
     Bank's part to grant other or future agreements, should any be requested.

8.   NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a novation.
     Except for the above-quoted modification(s), the Credit Agreement, any loan
     agreements, credit agreements, reimbursement agreements, security
     agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledge agreements, assignments,
     guaranties, instruments or documents executed in connection with the Credit
     Agreement, and all the terms and conditions thereof, shall be and remain in
     full force and effect with the changes herein deemed to be incorporated
     therein. This agreement is to be considered attached to the Credit
     Agreement and made a part thereof. This agreement shall not release or
     affect the liability of any guarantor of any promissory note or credit
     facility executed in reference to the Credit Agreement or release any owner
     of collateral granted as security for the Credit Agreement. The validity,
     priority and enforceability of the Credit Agreement shall not be impaired
     hereby. To the extent that any provision of this agreement conflicts with
     any term or condition set forth in the Credit Agreement, or any document
     executed in conjunction therewith, the provisions of this agreement shall
     supersede and control. The Bank expressly reserves all rights against all
     parties to the Credit Agreement.



                           Borrower:

                           Mace Security Products, Inc.

                           By:  /s/ Gregory M. Krzemien
                                ------------------------------------------------

                                Gregory M. Krzemien                  Treasurer
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                Printed Name                             Title
                           Date Signed: 12/29/03

                           Bank:

                           Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL

                           By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren
                                ------------------------------------------------

                                Mark W. Warren            First Vice President
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                Printed Name                             Title

                           Date Signed:   12/31/03
                                          --------------------------------------


Christy Murphy TX000001010487680

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.157
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>a4592736ex10157.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.157 NOTE MODIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.157
                                                     Note Modification Agreement

This agreement is dated as of January 9, 2004 (the "Agreement Date"), to be
effective as of January 21, 2004 (the "Effective Date"), by and between COLONIAL
FULL SERVICE CAR WASH, INC. alone, and its successors (the "Borrower") and Bank
One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL (the "Bank").

WHEREAS, the Borrower executed a Promissory Note dated June 21, 1996 as evidence
of indebtedness in the original face amount of One Hundred Fifty Thousand and
00/100 Dollars ($150,000.00) owing by the Borrower to the Bank, as same may have
been amended or modified from time to time (the "Note"), which Note has at all
times been, and is now, continuously and without interruption outstanding in
favor of the Bank; and,

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed that the Note be
modified to the limited extent as hereinafter set forth;

NOW THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1. ACCURACY OF RECITALS. The Borrower acknowledges the accuracy of the Recitals
stated above.

2.       MODIFICATION OF NOTE.

2.1 As of the Effective Date, the "Maturity Date", as defined in the Note, is
hereby changed from January 21, 2004 to July 21, 2006.

         2.2 After the Effective Date and prior to the Maturity Date, the
principal of and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Note shall be due and
payable in twenty-nine (29) monthly installments of principal and interest
beginning February 21, 2004 and continuing on the same day of each consecutive
month thereafter until the Maturity Date, when the entire unpaid balance of
principal and accrued but unpaid interest shall be due and payable. The initial
monthly installments shall be in the amount of $1,724.14 each. On the 21st day
of January of each year (an "Adjustment Date") prior to the Maturity Date
beginning in 2005, the amount of the monthly installments thereafter due and
payable shall be adjusted to an amount which, based upon the interest rate in
effect on the Adjustment Date, would cause the then unpaid principal balance of
the Note, after giving credit for the payment due on such Adjustment Date, to be
fully paid in equal monthly installments over a term of years beginning on such
Adjustment Date and ending on the Maturity Date. Notwithstanding all of the
foregoing, if on any payment due date the regular monthly payment shall be less
than the amount of interest accrued since the previous payment due date, the
payment amount due on such date shall be the amount of such accrued interest.

2.3 Each of the Related Documents is modified to provide that it shall be a
default or an event of default thereunder if the Borrower shall fail to comply
with any of the covenants of the Borrower herein or if any representation or
warranty by the Borrower or by any guarantor herein is materially incomplete,
incorrect, or misleading as of the date hereof. As used in this agreement, the
"Related Documents" shall include the Note and all loan agreements, credit
agreements, reimbursement agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of
trust, pledge agreements, assignments, guaranties, or any other instrument or
document executed in connection with the Note or in connection with any other
obligations of the Borrower to the Bank.

2.4 Each reference in the Related Documents to any of the Related Documents
shall be a reference to such document as modified herein.

3. RATIFICATION OF RELATED DOCUMENTS AND COLLATERAL. The Related Documents are
ratified and reaffirmed by the Borrower and shall remain in full force and
effect as they may be modified herein. All real or personal property described
as security in the Related Documents shall remain as security for the Note and
the obligations of the Borrower in the Related Documents.

4. BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and warrants
to the Bank:

4.1 No default or event of default under any of the Related Documents as
modified hereby, nor any event, that, with the giving of notice or the passage
of time or both, would be a default or an event of default under the Related
Documents as modified herein has occurred and is continuing.

<PAGE>

4.2 There has been no material adverse change in the financial conditions of the
Borrower or any other person whose financial statement has been delivered to the
Bank in connection with the Note from the most recent financial statement
received by the Bank.

4.3 Each and all representations and warranties of the Borrower in the Related
Documents are accurate on the date hereof.

4.4 The Borrower has no claims, counterclaims, defenses, or setoffs with respect
to the loan evidenced by the Note or with respect to the Related Documents as
modified herein.

4.5 The Note and the Related Documents as modified herein are the legal, valid,
and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in
accordance with their terms.

4.6 The Borrower, other than any Borrower who is a natural person, is validly
existing under the laws of the State of its formation or organization. The
Borrower has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this
agreement and to perform the obligations described in the Related Documents as
modified herein. The execution and delivery of this agreement and the
performance of the obligations described in the Related Documents as modified
herein have been duly authorized by all requisite action by or on behalf of the
Borrower. This agreement has been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of
the Borrower.

5. BORROWER COVENANTS. The Borrower covenants with the Bank:

5.1 The Borrower shall execute, deliver, and provide to the Bank such additional
agreements, documents, and instruments as reasonably required by the Bank to
effectuate the intent of this agreement.

5.2 The Borrower fully, finally, and forever releases and discharges the Bank
and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, and
representatives from any and all causes of action, claims, debts, demands, and
liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, in law or equity, of the Borrower,
whether now known or unknown to the Borrower, (i) in respect of the loan
evidenced by the Note and the Related Documents, or of the actions or omissions
of the Bank in any manner related to the loan evidenced by the Note or the
Related Documents and (ii) arising from events occurring prior to the date of
this agreement.

5.3      The Borrower shall pay to the Bank:

5.3.1 All the internal and external costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in
connection with this agreement (including, without limitation, inside and
outside attorneys, appraisal, appraisal review, processing, title, filing, and
recording costs, expenses, and fees).


6. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF AGREEMENT BY THE BANK. The Bank shall not be bound
by this agreement until (i) the Bank has executed this agreement and (ii) the
Borrower performed all of the obligations of the Borrower under this agreement
to be performed contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
agreement.

7. INTEGRATION, ENTIRE AGREEMENT, CHANGE, DISCHARGE, TERMINATION, OR WAIVER. The
Note and the Related Documents as modified herein contain the complete
understanding and agreement of the Borrower and the Bank in respect of the loan
and supersede all prior representations, warranties, agreements, arrangements,
understandings, and negotiations. No provision of the Note or the Related
Documents as modified herein may be changed, discharged, supplemented,
terminated, or waived except in a writing signed by the party against whom it is
being enforced.

8. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE. This agreement is delivered in the State of Texas
and governed by Texas law (without giving effect to its laws of conflicts). The
Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to any of its
obligations under the Note or this agreement may be brought by the Bank in any
state or federal court located in the State of Texas, as the Bank in its sole
discretion may elect. By the execution and delivery of this agreement, the
Borrower submits to and accepts, for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts.
The Borrower waives any claim that the State of Texas is not a convenient forum
or the proper venue for any such suit, action or proceeding. This agreement
binds the Borrower and its successors, and benefits the Bank, its successors and
assigns. The Borrower shall not, however, have the right to assign the
Borrower's rights under this agreement or any interest therein, without the
prior written consent of the Bank.

9. COUNTERPART EXECUTION. This agreement may be executed in multiple
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but
all such counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
agreement.

                                       2
<PAGE>




10. NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a novation. In
addition to all amounts hereafter due under the Note and the Related Documents
as they may be modified herein, all accrued interest evidenced by the Note being
modified by this agreement and all accrued amounts due and payable under the
Related Documents shall continue to be due and payable until paid. Except for
the above-quoted modification(s), the Note, any Related Documents, and all the
terms and conditions thereof, shall be and remain in full force and effect with
the changes herein deemed to be incorporated therein. This agreement is to be
considered attached to the Note and made a part thereof. This agreement shall
not release or affect the liability of any guarantor, surety or endorser of the
Note or release any owner of collateral securing the Note. The validity,
priority and enforceability of the Note shall not be impaired hereby. References
to the Related Documents and to other agreements shall not affect or impair the
absolute and unconditional obligation of the Borrower to pay the principal and
interest on the Note when due. The Bank reserves all rights against all parties
to the Note.



                                          Borrower:

 Address:  1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400
           Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054-3932

                                  COLONIAL FULL SERVICE CAR WASH, INC.

                                  By:  /s/ Gregory Krzemien
                                       -----------------------------------------

                                       Gregory M. Krzemien           Treasurer
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Printed Name                      Title

                                  Date Signed:  1/23/04
                                               ---------------------------------


BANK'S ACCEPTANCE

The foregoing agreement is hereby agreed to and acknowledged.


                                  Bank:

                                  Bank One, NA, with its main office in
                                  Chicago, IL

                                  By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren
                                       -----------------------------------------

                                       Mark W. Warren     First Vice President
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Printed Name                      Title

                                  Date Signed:    1/27/04
                                                --------------------------------


Tracie L. BushTX000001011204417

                                       3

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

                                                   Amendment to Credit Agreement

This agreement is dated as of January 9, 2004, to be effective as of January 21,
2004 by and between COLONIAL FULL SERVICE CAR WASH, INC. (the "Borrower") and
Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL (the "Bank"), and its
successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Bank entered into a Business Loan Agreement dated
January 31, 2000, as amended (if applicable) (the "Credit Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed to amend the Credit
Agreement as set forth below;

NOW, THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning
ascribed in the Credit Agreement.

2. MODIFICATION OF CREDIT AGREEMENT. The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:

2.1               From and after January 21, 2004, the provisions in the Credit
                  Agreement captioned "ADDITIONAL AFFIRMATIVE COVENANT - DEBT
                  SERVICE COVERAGE RATIO and ADDITIONAL AFFIRMATIVE COVENANT -
                  MODIFIED DEBT SERVICE COVERAGE RATIO" are hereby deleted in
                  their entirety.

3.       RATIFICATION. The Borrower ratifies and reaffirms the Credit Agreement
         and the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as
         modified herein.

4.       BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and
         warrants that (a) the representations and warranties contained in the
         Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of
         the date of this agreement, (b) no condition, act or event which could
         constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement or any
         promissory note or credit facility executed in reference to the Credit
         Agreement exists, and (c) no condition, event, act or omission has
         occurred, which, with the giving of notice or passage of time, would
         constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement or any
         promissory note or credit facility executed in reference to the Credit
         Agreement.

5.       FEES AND EXPENSES. The Borrower agrees to pay all fees and
         out-of-pocket disbursements incurred by the Bank in connection with
         this agreement, including legal fees incurred by the Bank in the
         preparation, consummation, administration and enforcement of this
         agreement.

6.       EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. This agreement shall become effective only
         after it is fully executed by the Borrower and the Bank, and the Bank
         shall have received from the Borrower the following documents: Note
         Modification Agreement.

7.       ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF BORROWER. The Borrower acknowledges that as of the
         date of this agreement it has no offsets with respect to all amounts
         owed by the Borrower to the Bank arising under or related to the
         Credit Agreement on or prior to the date of this agreement. The
         Borrower fully, finally and forever releases and discharges the Bank
         and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents
         and representatives from any and all claims, causes of action, debts
         and liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, in law or in equity, of
         the Borrower, whether now known or unknown to the Borrower, which may
         have arisen in connection with the Credit Agreement or the actions or
         omissions of the Bank related to the Credit Agreement on or prior to
         the date hereof. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that this
         agreement is limited to the terms outlined above, and shall not be
         construed as an agreement to change any other terms or provisions of
         the Credit Agreement. This agreement shall not establish a course of
         dealing or be construed as evidence of any willingness on the Bank's
         part to grant other or future agreements, should any be requested.



                 [THIS SPACE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


<PAGE>




8.       NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a
         novation. Except for the above-quoted modification(s), the Credit
         Agreement, any loan agreements, credit agreements, reimbursement
         agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledge
         agreements, assignments, guaranties, instruments or documents executed
         in connection with the Credit Agreement, and all the terms and
         conditions thereof, shall be and remain in full force and effect with
         the changes herein deemed to be incorporated therein. This agreement
         is to be considered attached to the Credit Agreement and made a part
         thereof. This agreement shall not release or affect the liability of
         any guarantor of any promissory note or credit facility executed in
         reference to the Credit Agreement or release any owner of collateral
         granted as security for the Credit Agreement. The validity, priority
         and enforceability of the Credit Agreement shall not be impaired
         hereby. To the extent that any provision of this agreement conflicts
         with any term or condition set forth in the Credit Agreement, or any
         document executed in conjunction therewith, the provisions of this
         agreement shall supersede and control. The Bank expressly reserves all
         rights against all parties to the Credit Agreement.



                  Borrower:

                  COLONIAL FULL SERVICE CAR WASH, INC.

                  By:  /s/ Gregory Krzemien
                       ---------------------------------------------------------

                       Gregory M. Krzemien                           Treasurer
                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                       Printed Name                                      Title

                  Date Signed: 1/23/04
                               -------------------------------------------------


                  Bank:

                  Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL

                  By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren
                       ---------------------------------------------------------

                       Mark W. Warren                     First Vice President
                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                       Printed Name                                      Title

                  Date Signed: 1/27/04
                               -------------------------------------------------


Tracie L. Bush TX000001011204417





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.58
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>a4592736ex10158.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.58
<TEXT>
  BANK ONE
                                 Exhibit 10.158
                                Credit Agreement


This agreement dated as of December 31, 2003 between Bank One, NA, with its main
office in Chicago, IL, and its successors and assigns,(the 'Bank"), whose
address is 1301 S. Bowen Rd., Arlington, TX 76013, and Eager Beaver Car Wash,
Inc. (the "Borrower"), whose address is 1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400, Mount
Laurel, NJ 08054.

1. Credit Facilities.

     1.1  Scope. This agreement, unless hereafter otherwise agreed to in writing
          by the Bank and the Borrower or prohibited by applicable law, governs
          the Credit Facilities.

2. Definitions. As used in this agreement, the following terms have the
following respective meanings:

     2.1  "Credit Facilities" means all extensions of credit from the Bank to
          the Borrower, whether now existing or hereafter arising. 2.2
          "Liabilities" means all obligations, indebtedness and liabilities of
          the Borrower to any one or more of the Bank ,BANK ONE CORPORATION, and
          any of their subsidiaries, affiliates or successors, now existing or
          later arising, including, without limitation, all loans, advances,
          interest, costs, overdraft indebtedness, credit card indebtedness,
          lease obligations, or obligations relating to any Rate Management
          Transaction, all monetary obligations incurred or accrued during the
          pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar
          proceedings, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such
          proceeding, and all renewals, extensions, modifications,
          consolidations or substitutions of any of the foregoing, whether the
          Borrower may be liable jointly with others or individually liable as a
          debtor, maker, co-maker, drawer, endorser, guarantor, surety or
          otherwise, and whether voluntarily or involuntarily incurred, due or
          not due, absolute or contingent, direct or indirect, liquidated or
          unliquidated. The term Rate Management Transaction" in this agreement
          means any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto)
          now existing or hereafier entered into among the Borrower, the Bank or
          BANK ONE CORPORATION, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or
          their successors, which is a rate swap, basis swap, forward rate
          transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index
          swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate
          option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor
          transaction, collar transaction, forward transaction, currency swap
          transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or
          any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to
          any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether linked
          to one or more interest rates, foreign currencies, commodity prices,
          equity prices or other financial measures.

     2.3  "Notes" means all promissory notes, instruments and/or contracts
          evidencing the terms and conditions of the Liabilities.

     2.4  "Affiliate" means any person, corporation or other entity directly or
          indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with the
          Borrower and any director or officer of the Borrower or any subsidiary
          of the Borrower.

     2.5  "Distributions" means all dividends and other distributions made by
          the Borrower to its shareholders, partners, owners or members, as the
          case may be, other than salary, bonuses, and other compensation for
          services expended in the current accounting period.

     2.6  "Intangible Assets" means the aggregate amount of all assets
          classified as intangible assets under generally accepted accounting

                                     Page 1
<PAGE>

          principles, including, without limitation, goodwill, trademarks,
          patents, copyrights, organization expenses, prepaid expenses,
          franchises, licenses, trade names, brand names, mailing lists,
          catalogs, excess of cost over book value of assets acquired, and bond
          discount and underwriting expenses

     2.7  Subordinated Debt" means debt subordinated to the Bank in manner and
          by agreement satisfactory to the Bank.

     2.8  "Tangible Capital Funds" means Tangible Net Worth plus Subordinated
          Debt.

     2.9  "Tangible Net Worth" means total assets less the sum of Intangible
          Assets, receivables from stockholders and affiliates, and total
          liabilities.

3. Conditions Precedent.

     3.1  Conditions Precedent to Each Extension of Credit. Before any extension
          of credit governed by this agreement, whether by disbursement of a
          loan, issuance of a letter of credit or otherwise, the following
          conditions must be satisfied:
          A.   Representations. The representations of the Borrower are U-ne on
               and as of the date of the extension of credit;
          B.   No Event of Default. No default has occurred in any provision of
               this agreement, the Notes or any agreement related to the Credit
               Facilities and is continuing or would result from the extension
               of credit, and no event has occurred which would constitute the
               occurrence of any default hut for the lapse of time until the end
               of any grace or cure period; and
          C.   Additional Approvals, Opinions, and Documents. The Bank has
               received any other approvals, opinions and documents as it may
               reasonably request.

4. Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower shall:

     4.1  Insurance. Maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable
          insurers covering its properties and business against those casualties
          and contingencies and in the types and amounts as are in accordance
          with sound business and industry practices.

     4.2  Existence. Maintain its existence and business operations as presently
          in effect in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, pay
          its debts and obligations when due under normal terms, and pay on or
          before their due date, all taxes, assessments, fees and other
          governmental monetary obligations, except as they may he contested in
          good faith if they have been properly reflected on its books and, at
          the Bank's request, adequate finds or security has been pledged to
          insure payment.

     4.3  Financial Records. Maintain proper books and records of account, in
          accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
          consistent with financial statements previously submitted to the Bank.

     4.4  Inspection. Permit the Bank to inspect and copy the Borrower's
          business records at such times and at such intervals as the Bank may
          reasonably require, and to discuss the Borrower's business,
          operations, and financial condition with the Borrower's officers and
          accountants.

     4.5  Financial Reports. Furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Bank
          whatever information, books and records the Bank may reasonably
          request, including at a minimum:
          A.   With respect to Borrower, within sixty (60) days after the end of
               each fiscal quarter, a balance sheet as of the end of that period
               and statements of income, from the beginning of that fiscal year
               to the end of that period, certified as correct by one of its
               authorized agents.
          B.   With respect to Borrower, within one hundred and twenty (120)
               days after and as of the end of each of its fiscal years, a
               detailed financial statement including a balance sheet and
               statements of income, such financial statement, to be prepared
               internally in a form reasonably acceptable to the Bank, and
               certified as correct by one of its authorized agents.
          C.   Within sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of
               Mace Security International, Inc., of Mace Car Wash - Arizona,
               Inc. dba Genie Car Wash, of Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.,
               of Mace Truck Wash, Inc. dba Red Baron Truck Wash, and of Mace
               Security Products, Inc., interim financial statements of each of
               such entities, including a balance sheet as of the end of that
               period and statements of income, from the beginning of that
               fiscal year to the end of that period, certified as correct by
               one of its authorized agents.

                                     Page 2
<PAGE>

          D.   Within one hundred and twenty (120) days after and as of the end
               of each fiscal year of Mace Security International, Inc., of Mace
               Car Wash - Arizona, Inc. dba Genie Car Wash, of Colonial Full
               Service Car Wash, Inc., of Mace Truck Wash, Inc. dba Red Baron
               Truck Wash, and of Mace Security Products, Inc., a detailed
               financial statement of each of such entities, including a balance
               sheet and statements of income, such financial statements to be
               prepared internally in a form reasonably acceptable to the Bank,
               and certified as correct by one of its authorized agents.
          E.   Via either the EDGAR System or its Home Page of Mace Security
               International, Inc. ("MSII"), within one hundred and twenty (120)
               days after the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               fiscal year then ended with the Securities and Exchange
               Commission, the financial statements for such fiscal year as
               contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as soon as it
               shall become available, the annual report to shareholders of the
               Borrower for the fiscal year then ended.
          F.   Via either the EDGAR System or its Home Page of MSII, within
               sixty (60) days after the filing of its Quarterly Report on Form
               lO-Q for the fiscal quarter then ended with the Securities and
               Exchange Commission, copies of the financial statements for such
               fiscal quarter as contained in such Quarterly Report on Form
               I0-Q, and, as soon as it shall become available, a quarterly
               report to shareholders of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter
               than ended.
          G.   Via either the EDGAR System or its Home Page of MSII, promptly
               after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic
               and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by
               MSH or any subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange
               Conunission or any governmental authority succeeding to any or
               all of the functions of said Commission. If for any reason the
               EDGAR System and/or its Home Page are not available to MSII as is
               required for making available the financial statements or reports
               referred to above, MSII shall then furnish a copy of such
               financial For the purposes of this section, "EDGAR System" means
               the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System owned
               and operated by the United States Securities and Exchange
               Commission or any replacement system, and "Home Page" means
               MSII's corporate home page on the World Wide Web accessible
               through the Internet via the universal resource locator (URL)
               identified as "www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/webusers,htm" or
               such other universal resource locator that MSII shall designate
               in writing to the Bank as its corporate home page on the World
               Wide Web.

     4.6  Notices of Claims, Litigation, Defaults, etc. Promptly inform the Bank
          in writing of (1) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims,
          investigations, adminisfrative proceedings and similar actions
          affecting the Borrower which could materially affect the financial
          condition of the Borrower; (2) the occurrence of any event which gives
          rise to the Bank's option to terminate the Credit Facilities; (3) the
          institution of steps by the Borrower to withdraw from, or the
          institution of any steps to terminate, any employee benefit plan as to
          which the Borrower may have liability; (4) any additions to or changes
          in the locations of the Borrower's businesses; and (5) any alleged
          breach of any provision of this agreement or of any other agreement
          related to the Credit Facilities by the Bank.

     4.7  Additional Information. Furnish such additional information and
          statements, as the Bank may request, from time to time.

     4.8  Insurance Reports. Furnish to the Bank, upon request of the Bank,
          reports on each existing insurance policy showing such information as
          the Bank may reasonably request.

     4.9  Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other
          agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between the Borrower
          and any other party.

     4.10 Title to Assets and Property. Maintain good and marketable title to
          all of the Borrower's assets and properties.

     4.11 Additional Assurances. Make, execute and deliver to the Bank such
          other agreements as the Bank may reasonably request to evidence the
          Credit Facilities and to perfect any security interests.

     4.12 Employee Benefit Plans. Maintain each employee benefit plan as to
          which the Borrower may have any liability, in compliance with all
          applicable requirements of law and regulations.

                                     Page 3
<PAGE>

     4.13 Depository Relationship. Maintain its primary banking depository
          relationship with the Bank and establish such accounts and maintain
          balances therein with the Bank sufficient to cover the cost of all the
          Bank's services provided; provided, however, that nothing herein shall
          require the Borrower to keep and maintain a specific minimum balance
          in such accounts.

     4.14 Compliance Certificates. Provide the Bank, within sixty (60) days
          after the end of each fiscal quarter, with a certificate executed by
          the Borrower's chief financial officer, or other officer or a person
          acceptable to the Bank, certifying that, as of the date of the
          certificate, no default exists under any provision of this agreement.

     4.15 Compliance Certificates. Provide the Bank, within one hundred twenty
          (120) days after the end of each fiscal year, with a certificate
          executed by the Borrower's chief financial officer, or other officer
          or a person acceptable to the Bank, certifying that, as of the date of
          the certificate, no default exists under any provision of this
          agreement.

5. Negative Covenants.

     5.1  Unless otherwise noted, the financial requirements set forth in this
          section will be computed in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles applied on a basis consistent with financial
          statements previously submitted by the Borrower to the Bank, 5.2
          Without the written consent of the Bank, the Borrower will not:
          A.   Dividends. While there is an existing default under any agreement
               between Bank and MSII, or if to do so will cause any such
               default, permit MSII to acquire or retire any of MSII's shares of
               capital stock, or declare or pay dividends or make any other
               distributions upon any of MSII's shares of capital stock, except
               that in the absence of any default, MSII may declare dividends in
               its capital stock.
          B.   Debt. Incur, contract for, assume, or permit to remain
               outstanding, indebtedness for borrowed money, installment
               obligations, or obligations under capital leases or operating
               leases, other than (I) unsecured trade debt incurred in the
               ordinary course of business, (2) indebtedness owing to the Bank,
               (3) indebtedness reflected in the latest financial statement of
               the Borrower frrnished to the Bank prior to execution of this
               agreement and that is not to be paid with proceeds of borrowings
               under the Credit Facilities, and (4) indebtedness outstanding as
               of the date hereof that has been disclosed to the Bank in writing
               and that is not to be paid with proceeds of borrowings under the
               Credit Facilities.
          C.   Guaranties. Guarantee or otherwise become or remain secondarily
               liable on the undertaking of another, except for endorsement of
               drafts for deposit and collection in the ordinary course of
               business,
          D.   Liens. Create or permit to exist any lien on any of its property,
               real or personal, except: existing liens known to the Bank; liens
               to the Bank; liens incurred in the ordinary course of business
               securing current non-delinquent liabilities for taxes, worker's
               compensation, unemployment insurance, social security and pension
               liabilities.
          E.   Use of Proceeds. Use, or permit any proceeds of the Credit
               Facilities to be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of
               "purchasing or carrying any margin stock" within the meaning of
               Federal Reserve Board Regulation U. At the Bank's request, the
               Borrower will furnish a completed Federal Reserve Board Form U-1.
          F.   Continuity of Operations. (1) Engage in an mess activities sub
               ntially different from those in which the Borrower is presently
               engaged; (2) cease operat , liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire
               or consolidate with any other entity, change its name, dissolve,
               or sell any material assets out of the ordinary course of
               business; or (3) enter into any arrangement with any person
               providing for the leasing by the Borrower or any subsidiary of
               real or personal property which has been sold or transferred by
               the Borrower or subsidiary to such person.
          G.   Limitation on Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into any agreement
               with any person other than the Bank which prohibits or limits the
               ability of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries to create or
               permit to exist any lien on any of its property, assets or
               revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired.

                                     Page 4
<PAGE>

          H.   Conflicting Agreements. Enter into any agreement containing any
               provision which would be violated or breached by the performance
               of the Borrower's obligations under this agreement.
          I.   Loans to Others. Make any loans to any person or entity, other
               than loans to its Affiliates, in excess of $250,000.00.
          J.   Leverage Ratio. With respect to MSII, permit, as of each fiscal
               quarter end, its ratio of total liabilities less Subordinated
               Debt to Tangible Capital Funds to be greater than 2.00 to 1.00,
          K.   Capital Expenditures. With respect to MSII, permit, any of its
               subsidiaries including Borrower, to make, capital expenditures in
               excess $ 1,000,000.00 in any one fiscal year
          L.   Debt Service Coverage Ratio. With respect to MSII, permit as of
               each fiscal quarter end, its ratio of net income, plus interest
               expense, amortization expense and depreciation expense, plus
               income taxes, minus Distributions, for the preceding full twelve
               mont period to current maturities of long term debt, plus current
               maturities of long term leases, plus interest expense, for the
               same such twelve month period to be less than 1.10 to 1.00
               beginning with the December 31, 2003 reporting period.
          M.   Liquidity. With respect to MSII, permit at any time its total of
               unencumbered cash, and marketable securities, to be less than
               $1,000,000.00.
          N.   Transactions with Affiliates. With respect to MSH, permit any of
               its subsidiaries including Borrower, to enter into any
               transaction or series of related transactions, whether or not in
               the ordinary course of business, with any affiliate of MSII or
               any of its subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of
               business and on terms and conditions substantially as favorable
               to MSII or such subsidiary as would reasonably be obtained by
               MSII or such subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm's length
               transaction with a person other than an affiliate.
          0.   Government Regulation. (1) Be or become subject at any time to
               any law, regulation, or list of any government agency (including,
               without limitation, the U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control
               list) that prohibits or limits Bank from making any advance or
               extension of credit to Borrower or from otherwise conducting
               business with Borrower, or (2) fail to provide documentary and
               other evidence of Borrower's identity as may be requested by Bank
               at any time to enable Bank to verify Borrower's identity or to
               comply with any applicable law or regulation ,including, without
               limitation, Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001,31 U.S.C.
               Section 5318.

Representations by the Borrower. Each Borrower represents that: (a) the
execution and delivery of this agreement and the Notes, and the perfonnance of
the obligations they impose, do not violate any law, conflict with any agreement
by which it is bound, or require the consent or approval of any governmental
authority or other third party, (b) this agreement and the Notes are valid and
binding agreements, enforceable according to their terms, (c) all balance
sheets, profit and loss statements, and other financial statements and other
information furnished to the Bank in connection with the Liabilities are
accurate and fairly reflect the financial condition of the organizations and
persons to which they apply on their effective dates, including contingent

                                     Page 5
<PAGE>

liabilities of every type, which financial condition has not changed materially
and adversely since those dates, (d) no litigation, 1 claim, investigation,
administrative proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes)
against the Borrower is pending or threatened, and no other event has occurred
which may in any one case or in the aggregate materially adversely affect the
Borrower's financial condition an properties, other than litigation, claims, or
other events, if any, that have been disclosed to and acknowledged by the Bank
in writing or which is disclosed in Borrower's Form 10-K's or 10-Q's (e) all of
the Borrower's tax returns and reports that are or were required to be filed,
have been filed, and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges have
been paid in full, except those presently being contested by the Borrower in
good faith and for which adequate reserves have been provided, (0 the Borrower
is not a "holding company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company",
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,as amended, (g) the
Borrower is not a "holding company", or a "subsidiary company" of a "holding
company" or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company"
of a "holding company" within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of 1935, as amended, (h) there are no defenses or counterclaims, offsets or
adverse claims, demands or actions of any kind, personal or otherwise, that the
Borrower could assert with respect to this agreement or the Credit Facilities,
(i) the Borrower owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, trade names,
copyrights, technology, know-how and processes necessary for the conduct of its
business as currently conducted, and 6) no part of the proceeds of the Credit
Facilities will be used for"purchasing" or "canying" any "margin stock" within
the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (the
"Board") as now and from time to time hereafter in effect or for any purpose
which violates the provisions of any regulations of the Board. Each Borrower,
other than a natural person, further represents that: (a) it is duly organized,
existing and in good standing pursuant to the laws under which it is organized,
and (b) the execution and delivery of this agreement and the Notes and the
performance of the obligations they impose (i) are within its powers, (ii) have
been duly authorized by all necessary action of its governing body, and (iii) do
not contravene the terms of its articles of incorporation or organization, its
by-laws, or any partnership, operating or other agreement governing its affairs.
7. Default Remedies. If any of the Credit Facilities are not paid at maturity,
whether by acceleration or otherwise, or if a default by anyone occurs under the
terms of this agreement, the Notes or any agreement related to the Credit
Facilities, then the Bank shall have all of the rights and remedies provided by
any law or agreement.

8. Miscellaneous.

     8.1  Notice. Any notices and demands under or related to this document
          shall be in writing and delivered to the intended party at its address
          stated herein, and if to the Bank, at its main office if no other
          address of the Bank is specified herein, by one of the following
          means: (a) by hand, (b) by a nationally recognized overnight courier
          service, or (c) by certified mail, postage prepaid, with return
          receipt requested. Notice shall be deemed given: (a) upon receipt if
          delivered by hand, (b) on the Delivery Day after the day of deposit
          with a nationally recognized courier service, or (c) on the third
          Delivery Day after the notice is deposited in the mail, "Delivery Day"
          means a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which
          national banking associations are authorized to be closed. Any party
          may change its address for purposes of the receipt of notices and
          demands by giving notice of such change in the mariner provided in
          this provision.

     8.2  No Waiver. No delay on the part of the Bank in the exercise of any
          right or remedy waives that right or remedy. No single or partial
          exercise by the Bank of any right or remedy precludes any other future
          exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or remedy. No waiver
          or indulgence by the Bank of any default is effective unless it is in
          writing and signed by the Bank, nor shall a waiver on one occasion bar
          or waive that right on any future occasion.

     8.3  Integration. This agreement, the Notes, and any agreement related to
          the Credit Facilities embody the entire agreement and understanding

                                     Page 6
<PAGE>

          between the Borrower and the Bank and supersede all prior agreements
          and understandings relating to their subject matter. If any one or
          more of the obligations of the Borrower under this agreement or the
          Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the
          validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining obligations of
          the Borrower shall not in any way be affected or impaired, and the
          invalidity, illegality or unenforceability in one jurisdiction shall
          not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the obligations
          of the Borrower under this agreement or the Notes in any other
          jurisdiction.

     8.4  Joint and Several Liability. Each Borrower, if more than one, is
          jointly and severally liable.

     8.5  Governing Law and Venue. This agreement is delivered in the State of
          Texas and governed by Texas law (without giving effect to its laws of
          conflicts). The Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding
          with respect to any of its obligations under this agreement may be
          brought by the Bank in any state or federal court located in the State
          of Texas, as the Bank in its sole discretion may elect. By the
          execution and delivery of this agreement, the Borrower submits to and
          accepts, for itself and in respect of its property, generally and
          unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. The
          Borrower waives any claim that the State of Texas is not a convenient
          forum or the proper venue for any such suit, action or proceeding.

     8.6  Captions. Section headings are for convenience of reference only and
          do not affect the interpretation of this agreement.

     8.7  Subsidiaries and Affiliates of the Borrower. To the extent the context
          of any provisions of this agreement makes it appropriate, including
          without limitation any representation, warranty or covenant, the word
          "Borrower" as used in this agreement shall include all of the
          Borrower's subsidiaries and affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
          however, under no circumstances shall this agreement be construed to
          require the Bank to make any loan or other financial accommodation to
          any of the Borrower's subsidiaries or affiliates,

     8.8  Survival of Representations and Warranties. The Borrower understands
          and agrees that in extending the Credit Facilities, the Bank is
          relying on all representations, warranties, and covenants made by the
          Borrower in this agreement or in any certificate or other investment
          delivered by the Borrower to the Bank under this agreement. The
          Borrower further agrees that regardless of any investigation made by
          the Bank, all such representations, warranties and covenants will
          survive the making of the Credit Facilities and delivery to the Bank
          of this agreement, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain in
          full force and effect until such time as the Borrower's indebtedness
          to the Bank shall be paid in full.

     8.9  Non-Liability of the Bank. The relationship between the Borrower and
          the Bank created by this agreement is strictly a debtor and creditor
          relationship and not fiduciary in nature, nor is the relationship to
          be construed as creating any partnership or joint venture between the
          Bank and the Borrower. The Borrower is exercising the Borrower's own
          judgement with respect to the Borrower's business. All information
          supplied to the Bank is for the Bank's protection only and no other
          party is entitled to rely on such information. There is no duty for
          Bank to review, inspect, supervise or inform the Borrower of any
          matter with respect to the Borrower's business. The Bank and the
          Borrower intend that the Bank may reasonably rely on all information
          supplied by the Borrower to the Bank, together with all
          representations and warranties given by the Borrower to the Bank,
          without investigation or confirmation by the Bank and that any
          investigation or failure to investigate will not diminish the Bank's
          right to so rely.

     8.10 Indemnification of the Bank. The Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend
          and hold the Bank and BANK ONE CORPORATION, or any of its subsidiaries
          or affiliates or their successors, and each of their respective
          shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively,
          the "Indemnified Persons") harmless from any and all obligations,
          claims, liabilities, losses, damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures,
          actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any
          kind or nature (including, without limitation, any Indemnified
          Person's attorneys fees) (collectively, the "Claims") which may be

                                     Page 7
<PAGE>

          imposed upon, incurred by or assessed against any Indemnified Person
          (whether or not caused by any Indemnified Person's sole, concurrent,
          or contributory negligence) arising out of or relating to this
          agreement; the exercise of the rights and remedies granted under this
          agreement (including, without limitation, the enforcement of this
          agreement and the defense of any Indemnifed Person's action or
          inaction in connection with this agreement); and in connection with
          the Borrower's failure to perform all of the Borrower's obligations
          under this agreement, except to the limited extent that the Claims
          against any such Indemnified Person are proximately caused by such
          Indemnified Person's willful misconduct. The indemnification provided
          for in his section shall survive the termination of this agreement and
          shall extend to and continue to benefit each individual or entity who
          is or has at any time been an Indemnified Person. The Borrowers
          indemnity obligations under this section shall not in any way be
          affected by the presence or absence of covering insurance, or by the
          amount of such insurance or by the failure or refbsal of any insurance
          carrier to perform any obligation on its part under any insurance
          policy or policies affecting the Borrower's assets or the Borrower's
          business activities. Should any Claim be made or brought against any
          Indemnified Person by reason of any event as to which the Borrower's
          indemnification obligations apply, then, upon any Indemnified Person's
          demand, the Borrower, at its sole cost and expense, shall defend such
          Claim in the Borrower's name, if necessary, by the attorneys for the
          Borrower's insurance carrier (if such Claim is covered by insurance),
          or otherwise by such attorneys as any Indemnified Person shall
          approve. Any Indemnified Person may also engage its own attorneys at
          its reasonable discretion to defend the Borrower and to assist in its
          defense and the Borrower agrees to pay the fees and disbursements of
          such attorneys.

WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, IT IS THE INTENTION OF BORROWER AND
BORROWER AGREES THAT THE FOREGOING INDEMNITIES SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED
PERSON WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, COSTS,EXPENSES
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS' FEES), DEMANDS,
LIABILITIES,PENALTIES, FINES AND FORFEITURES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART ARE
CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF THE NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH (AND/OR ANY OTHER) INDEMNIFIED
PERSON.

     8.11 Counterparts. This agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts,
          each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all
          such counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
          agreement.

     8.12 Sole Discretion of the Bank. Whenever the Bank's consent or approval
          is required under this agreement, the decision as to whether or not to
          consent or approve shall be in the sole and exclusive discretion of
          the Bank and the Bank's decision shall be final and conclusive.

     8.13 Advice of Counsel. The Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised
          by counsel, or had the opportunity to be advised by counsel, in the
          negotiation, execution and delivery of this agreement and any
          documents executed and Delivered in connection with the Credit
          Facilities.

     8.14 Recovery of Additional Costs. If the imposition of or any change in
          any law, rule, regulation, or guideline, or the interpretation or
          application of any thereof by any court or administrative or
          governmental authority (including any request or policy not having the
          force of law) shall impose, modiI~, or make applicable any taxes
          (except federal, state, or local income or franchise taxes imposed on
          the Bank), reserve requirements, capital adequacy requirements, or
          other obligations which would (A) increase the cost to the Bank for
          extending or maintaining the Credit Facilities, (B) reduce the amounts
          payable to the Bank under the Credit Facilities, or (C) reduce the
          rate of return on the Bank's capital as a consequence of the Banks
          obligations with respect to the Credit Facilities, then the Borrower
          agrees to pay the Bank such additional amounts as will compensate the
          Bank therefor, within five (5) days after the Bank's written demand
          for such payment. The Bank's demand shall be accompanied by an
          explanation of such imposition or charge and a calculation in
          reasonable detail of the additional amounts payable by the Borrower,
          which explanation and calculations shall be conclusive in the absence
          of manifest error.

     8.15 Conflicting Terms. If this agreement is inconsistent with any
          provision in any agreement related to the Credit Facilities, the Bank

                                     Page 8
<PAGE>

          shall determine, in the Bank's sole and absolute discretion, which of
          the provisions shall control any such inconsistency.

     8.16 Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Bank for all its
          out-of-pocket costs and expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees
          incurred in connection with the development, preparation and execution
          of, and in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any
          fights under, this agreement, any amendment, supplement, or
          modification thereto, and any other documents prepared in connection
          herewith or therewith. These costs and expenses include without
          limitation any costs or expenses incurred by the Bank in any
          bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar proceeding.

9. USA PATRIOT ACT NOTIFICATION. The following notification is provided to
Borrower pursuant to Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of200l, 31 U.S.C.
Section 5318:

IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT. To help the
government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities,
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record
information that identifies each person or entity that opens an account,
including any deposit account, treasury management account, loan, other
extension of credit, or other financial services product. What this means for
Borrower: When Borrower opens an account, if Borrower is an individual Bank will
ask for Borrowers name, taxpayer identification number, residential address,
date of birth, and other information that will allow Bank to identify Borrower,
and if Borrower is not an individual Bank will ask for Borrower's name, taxpayer
identification number, business address, and other information that will allow
Bank to identify Borrower. Bank may also ask, if Borrower is an individual to
see Borrower's driver's license or other identifying documents, and if Borrower
is not an individual to see Borrower's legal organizational documents or other
identifying documents.

10. WAIVER OF SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE BORROWER WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT
PROHIBITED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT THE UNDERSIGNED MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER FROM
THE BANK N ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

11. JURY WAIVER. THE BORROWER AND THE BANK HEREBY VOLUNTARILY, KNOWINGLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN
RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) BETWEEN
THE BORROWER AND THE BANK ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS DOCUMENT.
THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE BANK TO PROVIDE THE FINANCING
DESCRIBED HEREIN.

Address(es) for Notices:

Borrower:
     Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc
     1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400
     Mount Laurel, NJ 08054
     Attn:______________________

By: /s/ Robert M. Kramer
   ---------------------
        Robert M. Kramer      Secretary
        Printed Name          Title


                                                            Date Signed: 3/11/04

Address for Notices:

     Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL
     1301 5. Bowen Rd.
     Arlington, TX 76013
     Attn:______________________

By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren
   --------------------
         Mark W. Warren       First Vice President
         Printed Name         Title

                                                            Date Signed: 3/12/04

Michelle nmyTxooooololo96l 129


                                     Page 9








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>a4592736ex11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-11 TABLE
<TEXT>

                                                                      Exhibit 11

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                                           2003            2002            2001
                                                  --------------   -------------   -------------
Basic:
<S>                                                  <C>             <C>             <C>
    Weighted average shares outstanding              12,414,816      12,630,964      12,724,282
                                                  ==============   =============   =============

    Net (loss) income:
         (Loss) income before cumulative effect
          of
            change in accounting principle              $(3,533)           $(57)           $908
         Cumulative effect of change in
          accounting
            principle                                         -          (5,733)              -
                                                  --------------   -------------   -------------
         Net (loss) income                              $(3,533)        $(5,790)           $908
                                                  ==============   =============   =============

    Basic (loss) income per share:
         (Loss) income before cumulative effect
          of
            change in accounting principle               $(0.28)             $-           $0.07
         Cumulative effect of change in
          accounting
            principle                                         -           (0.46)              -
                                                  --------------   -------------   -------------
         Total                                           $(0.28)         $(0.46)          $0.07
                                                  ==============   =============   =============

Diluted:
    Weighted average shares outstanding              12,414,816      12,630,964      12,724,282

    Net effect of dilutive stock options and
     warrants
       based on the treasury stock method
       using the year-end market price, if
       higher than average market price                       -               -          17,840

                                                  --------------   -------------   -------------
    Total                                            12,414,816      12,630,964      12,742,122
                                                  ==============   =============   =============

    Net (loss) income:
         (Loss) income before cumulative effect
          of
            change in accounting principle              $(3,533)           $(57)           $908
         Cumulative effect of change in
          accounting
            principle                                         -          (5,733)              -
                                                  --------------   -------------   -------------
         Net (loss) income                              $(3,533)        $(5,790)           $908
                                                  ==============   =============   =============

    Diluted (loss) income per share:
         (Loss) income before cumulative effect
          of
            change in accounting principle               $(0.28)             $-           $0.07
         Cumulative effect of change in
          accounting
            principle                                         -           (0.46)              -
                                                  --------------   -------------   -------------
         Total                                           $(0.28)         $(0.46)          $0.07
                                                  ==============   =============   =============
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>a4592736ex14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-14 CODE OF ETHICS
<TEXT>
                                                                      Exhibit 14

                        Mace Security International, Inc.
                       Code of Ethics and Business Conduct

         The following sets forth Mace's code for ethical conduct. The Code
applies to all employees of Mace, including its directors, the Chief Executive
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, and the Chief Accounting Officer. If any
employee is aware of a violation of this Code, the violation should be reported
to the Company's General Counsel or to the Ethics Hotline at 1-866-494-3161 Pin
Number 402.

         The Hotline Number is administered by ENI, an independent third party
company, which will transcribe the call and provide the transcript directly to
the Chairman of Mace's Ethics and Corporate Governance Committee. Hotline calls
may be made on a no name basis.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Obey the Law

The Company and its employees will conduct business in accordance with all
applicable laws and regulations. Compliance with the law does not comprise our
entire ethical responsibility. Rather, it is a minimum, absolute essential
condition for performance of our duties.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Keep Accurate and Complete Records

We must maintain accurate and complete Company records. Transactions between the
Company and outside individuals and organizations must be promptly and
accurately entered in our books in accordance with generally accepted accounting
practices and principles. No one should rationalize or even consider
misrepresenting facts or falsifying records. It will not be tolerated and will
result in disciplinary action. All employees and supervisors involved in
preparing financial records and reports shall provide their constituents,
whether internal managers, outside auditors, or public investors, with
information that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant, timely and
understandable.

No one should rationalize or even consider misrepresenting facts or falsifying
records.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Provide Accurate Public Reports

All employees and, particularly, accounting employees and supervisors, the Chief
Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Accounting Officer,
play an important role in the Company's effort to provide fair, accurate and

<PAGE>

timely financial reports to the public and to the Securities Exchange
Commission. Any employee who becomes aware of an inaccuracy in any public
report, or is aware that it has not been timely filed, should report this
information to the Company's General Counsel, the Ethics Hotline or the Chairman
of the Ethics and Corporate Governance Committee, at the employee's option. Any
action, which could cause the Company to report inaccurate or untimely
information, is grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal.

Record Costs Properly

Employees and their supervisors are responsible for ensuring that travel,
expense, labor and material costs are accurately recorded and charged on the
Company's records.

Employees and their supervisors are responsible for the accuracy of their
entries in the Company's records.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Avoid Illegal and Questionable Gifts or Favors

The sale of Company products and services and the purchase of supplies and
inventory should always be free from even the perception that favorable
treatment was sought, received, or given in exchange for the furnishing or
receipt of business courtesies. Employees will neither give nor accept business
courtesies that constitute, or could be reasonably perceived as constituting,
unfair business inducements or that would violate law, regulation or policies of
the Company or customer or supplier, or could cause embarrassment to or reflect
negatively on the Company's reputation.

Employees are prohibited from accepting, offering or giving tangible gifts
(including tickets to sporting, recreational, or other events) having a market
value of $100.00 or more, to a person or entity with which the Company does or
seeks to do business, unless specifically approved (i) by his or her supervisor,
and the Company's General Counsel, if the employee is not an Executive Officer
or Director, or (ii) by the Chairman of the Ethics Committee, if the employee is
a Director or an Executive Officer.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Steer Clear of Conflicts of Interest

Playing favorites or having conflicts of interest -- in practice or appearance -
runs counter to the fair treatment to which we are all entitled. Employees must
avoid any relationship, influence, or activity that might impair, or even appear
to impair, the employee's ability to make objective and fair decisions when
performing his or her job. Conflict of interest laws and regulations must be
fully and carefully observed. When in doubt, consult corporate and company
policies and procedures, and share the facts of the situation with your
supervisor, the General Counsel or Chairman of the Ethics and Corporate
Governance Committee.


                                       2
<PAGE>


The following items should be considered as a conflict of interest, unless a
waiver is obtained:

     >>   Employment by a competitor or potential competitor, regardless of the
          nature of the employment, while employed by the Company.

     >>   Acceptance of gifts, payment, or services from those seeking to do
          business with the Company.

     >>   Placement of business with a firm owned or controlled by an employee
          or his/her family.

     >>   Ownership of, or substantial interest in, a company which is a
          customer, competitor or supplier.

     >>   Acting as a consultant to a Company customer or supplier.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Maintain the Integrity of Consultants, Agents, and Representatives

Business integrity is a key standard for the selection and retention of those
who represent the Company. Accounting firms, legal firms, agents, sales
representatives, or consultants must certify their willingness to comply with
the Company's policies and procedures and must never be retained to circumvent
the Company's policies and procedures.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Protect Proprietary Information

Employees may not disclose proprietary Company information to anyone without
proper authorization. Employees must keep proprietary documents protected and
secure. In the course of normal business activities, suppliers, customers, and
competitors may sometimes divulge information that is proprietary to their
business. Employees must respect these confidences. All employees must be
familiar with and follow the guidelines set forth in the Company's Confidential
Information Policy.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Obtain and Use Company and Customer Assets Wisely

Proper use of Company and customer property, electronic communication systems,
information resources, material, facilities, and equipment is each employee's
responsibility. Employees must use and maintain Company assets with the utmost
care and respect, guarding against waste and abuse. Employees may not borrow or
remove Company assets, unless there is a Company business purpose and the
permission of the employee's supervisor is obtained.

All employees are responsible for complying with the requirements of software
copyright licenses related to software packages used in fulfilling job
requirements.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       3
<PAGE>


Do Not Engage in Speculative or Insider Trading

The Company as a publicly-owned company, must always be alert to and comply with
the security laws and regulations of the United States and the various states
and stock markets.

It is against the law for employees to buy or sell Company stock based on
material, non-public "insider" information about or involving the Company.
Employees may not speculate in the securities of the Company when aware of
information affecting the Company's business that has not been publicly
released. This includes all varieties of stock trading such as options, puts and
calls, straddles, selling short, etc. Employees may not use non-public
information for personal gain and may not pass along such information to someone
else who has no need to know. All employees must be familiar with and follow the
guidelines set forth in the Company's Insider Trading Policy.

This guidance also applies to the securities of other companies (suppliers,
vendors, subcontractors, etc.) for which employees receive information in the
course of your employment at the Company.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Promote a Positive Work Environment

All employees want and deserve a workplace where they feel respected, satisfied,
and appreciated. As a national enterprise, we respect cultural diversity and
recognize that the various localities in which we do business may have different
legal provisions pertaining to the workplace. As such, we will adhere to the
limitations specified by law in all of our localities, and further, we will not
tolerate harassment or discrimination of any kind -- especially involving race,
color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, and veteran or
marital status.

Providing an environment that supports honesty, integrity, respect, trust,
responsibility, and citizenship permits us the opportunity to achieve excellence
in our workplace. While everyone who works for the Company must contribute to
the creation and maintenance of such an environment, our executives and
management personnel assume special responsibility for fostering a work
environment that is free from the fear of retribution and will bring out the
best in all of us. Supervisors must be careful in words and conduct to avoid
placing, or seeming to place, pressure on subordinates that could cause them to
deviate from acceptable ethical behavior. All employees must be familiar with
and follow the guidelines set forth in the Company's Equal Employment
Opportunity Policy.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       4
<PAGE>


Violations

Any employee who violates a provision of the Code is subject to applicable
disciplinary action up to and including termination. Directors and Executive
Officers who violate a provision of this Code are subject to such sanction as
the Board of Directors decides to impose. The Company also preserves and
reserves its other rights and remedies against any individual who violates any
provision of this Code.

Procedures

Questions regarding this Code may be directed to the Company's General Counsel.
Questions from Directors and Executive Officers may also be discussed with the
Chairman of the Ethics and Corporate Governance Committee. Executive Officers
are the Company's, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operations Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer.

Investigations of violations of the Code, interpretations regarding the Code,
enforcement of the Code and waiver requests regarding the Code will be
conducted, issued, and administered by the Ethics and Corporate Governance
Committee where a Director or Executive Officer is involved.

Investigations of violations of the Code, interpretations regarding the Code,
enforcement of the Code and waiver requests regarding the Code will be
conducted, issued, and administered by the General Counsel in consultation with
the Chairman of the Ethics and Corporate Governance Committee where an employee
other than a Director or Executive Officer is involved.

Code violations concerning or relating to accounting or auditing matters will be
referred to the Company's Audit Committee.

Complaints concerning violations of the Code may be made verbally or in writing
to the General Counsel or verbally to the Ethics Hotline. Interpretation
requests and waiver requests must be made in writing.

The Company's General Counsel is Robert M. Kramer. Mr. Kramer's telephone number
is (856) 778-2300, ext. 15. The General Counsel's address and e-mail address is
as follows: Mace Security International, Inc. 1000 Crawford Place, Suite 400,
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054, kramerr@mace-security.com.


When you contact the General Counsel or Ethics Hotline:

     >>   Your communication will be protected to the greatest extent possible.
     >>   Your concerns will be seriously addressed and, if not resolved at the
          time you call, you will be informed of the outcome, if you provide
          your identity.
     >>   You need not identify yourself.


                                       5
<PAGE>


Remember, there's never a penalty for calling the General Counsel or Ethics
Hotline. People in a position of authority can't stop you; if they try, they
will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal.

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>a4592736ex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-21
<TEXT>
                                                                      Exhibit 21





                                                         State of
Subsidiary                                            Incorporation
- -----------------------------------------------    ---------------------

Car Care, Inc.                                     Delaware
Care Investment, Inc.                              Delaware
Colonial Full Service Car Wash, Inc.               Texas
Crystall Falls Car Wash, Inc.                      Delaware
CRCD, Inc.                                         Texas
Eager Beaver Car Wash, Inc.                        Florida
F.E.D. Properties, Inc.                            New York
50's Classic Car Wash of Lubbock, Inc.             Texas
Mace Car Wash - Arizona, Inc.                      Arizona
Mace Car Wash, Inc.                                Delaware
Mace Security Centers, Inc.                        Colorado
Mace Security Products, Inc.                       Delaware
Mace Texas I, Inc.                                 Delaware
Mace Texas II, Inc.                                Delaware
Mace Trademark Corp.                               Delaware
Mace Truck Wash, Inc.                              Delaware
Mace Wash, Inc.                                    Delaware
MSP Retail, Inc.                                   Colorado
Worth Manufacturing Company, Inc.                  Texas

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>a4592736ex231.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-23.1 CONSENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.1



               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


         We have issued our report dated March 2, 2004 (except for note 8, as to
which the date is March 11, 2004), accompanying the consolidated financial
statements included in the Annual Report of Mace Security International, Inc. on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Mace
Security International, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-87981, filed September
28, 1999, amended December 27, 1999, File No. 333-34096, filed April 5, 2000,
and File No. 333-34536, filed April 11, 2000); Form S-4 (File No. 333-89717,
filed on October 26, 1999, amended December 21, 1999) and Forms S-8 (File No.
333-31757, filed on July 22, 1997, and File No. 333-93311, filed on December 21,
1999).



/s/ Grant Thornton LLP
- --------------------------
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
March 2, 2004

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
