-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TjbPDnI6z1ws5j3tz6YS0WbTMED0TvFFQkqWw9XHqSBPBGfGadSg4c+TjVTed4Kw
 +KaMjVBfnlglTDCZ67E9Jg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950134-02-011656.txt : 20020924
<SEC-HEADER>0000950134-02-011656.hdr.sgml : 20020924
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20020924162327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-02-011656
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20020630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20020924

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888914
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				431465483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20348
		FILM NUMBER:		02771199

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 MARYLAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 920
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3147273485

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 MARYLAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 920
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	D & K WHOLESALE DRUG INC/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c71930e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002           Commission File Number 0-20348

                        D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware                                                 43-1465483
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

8000 Maryland Avenue, Suite 920, St. Louis, Missouri        63105
      (Address of principal executive offices)            (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (314) 727-3485

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None

<TABLE>
<S><C>
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  Common Stock, par value $.01
                                                                   (Title of Class)
</TABLE>

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X  No
                                             ---   ---

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. /x/

         State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant: approximately $129,354,107 as of September 17,
2002.

         Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of September 17,
2002, 14,578,966 shares of Common Stock, par value $.01, were outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Portions of the following documents are incorporated by reference in
the Part of this report indicated below:


Part II - Registrant's 2002 Annual Report to Stockholders

Part III - Registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2002 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders




<PAGE>
                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

GENERAL

     We are a wholesale distributor of pharmaceutical and related healthcare and
beauty aid products. We serve independent pharmacies, regional pharmacy
companies, national pharmacy chains and other healthcare providers. Our
independent and regional pharmacy customers are located in 24 states primarily
in the Midwest and South. Independent and regional pharmacies generally operate
single or multi-site locations in one or more states. National pharmacy chains
generally operate a large number of locations in multiple regions of the United
States. Our independent and regional pharmacy business has grown from $646.1
million in net sales in fiscal 2000 to $1.095 billion in fiscal 2002. Our
national pharmacy chain business has grown from $392.5 million in net sales in
fiscal 2000 to $1.247 billion in fiscal 2002. We sell branded pharmaceuticals
(approximately 92% of net sales in fiscal 2002), generic pharmaceuticals
(approximately 6% of net sales in fiscal 2002) and over-the-counter health and
beauty aids (approximately 2% of net sales in fiscal 2002). In addition to
distributing products to independent, regional and national pharmacies, we also
provide our products and services to other healthcare providers, including
hospitals, alternate-site care providers and pharmacy benefit management
companies.

     On March 13, 2002, the Company declared a two-for-one stock split in the
form of a stock dividend, which was effective on April 11, 2002. All share and
per share amounts included in this report and in the consolidated financial
statements have been adjusted to retroactively reflect this stock split.

     On July 5, 2001, we completed a secondary stock offering of approximately
4.8 million shares of our common stock. The net proceeds from the offering were
approximately $77 million, which were used to repay debt.

     In July 2001, as part of the secondary stock offering, we increased our
ownership percentage in Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. (PBI) to 68% and in August
2001, we increased our ownership percentage another 2%. These additions were
accomplished with individuals exchanging PBI stock for shares of our common
stock. This exchange was provided for in the agreement for the original
transaction pursuant to which we acquired our initial 50% ownership interest.
These transactions are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements.

     On June 15, 2001, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Diversified
Healthcare, LLC, a pharmaceutical distribution company based in Owensboro,
Kentucky that provides comprehensive pharmaceutical distribution services to
customers in the Midwest region.

     We believe that our size, decentralized operating structure and high level
of customer service provide us with competitive advantages and position us to
benefit from trends impacting our industry. Our management believes that the
increasing size, scale and consolidation of the wholesale pharmaceutical
industry's national participants and their strategy to be primary or major
distributors to national pharmacy chains and other healthcare providers create
opportunities for us to effectively compete with them based on our business
focus and differentiated product offering.


INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

     Wholesale pharmaceutical distributors serve pharmacies and other healthcare
providers by providing access to a single source for pharmaceutical and
healthcare products from hundreds of different manufacturers. In addition,
wholesale pharmaceutical distributors lower customer inventory costs, provide
efficient and timely product delivery and provide valuable inventory and
purchasing information. Customers also benefit from value-added programs
developed by wholesale pharmaceutical distributors to reduce costs and to
increase operating efficiencies for the customer, including packaging, stockless
inventory and pharmacy computer systems. One industry association analysis
estimates that wholesale distributors save the healthcare delivery system more
than $146 billion per year compared to purchasing directly from manufacturers.

     Wholesale pharmaceutical distributors are an important distribution channel
for pharmaceutical manufacturers, accounting for approximately 72.4% of the
$174.4 billion of prescription drug sales to retailers and institutions during
2001. Wholesale pharmaceutical distribution industry sales increased from $2.4
billion in 1970 to more than $126.3



                                       2
<PAGE>

billion in 2001, and we expect them to continue to increase. The principal
factors contributing to this historical and expected growth are the following:



     -  AGING OF POPULATION. The number of individuals over age 50 in the United
        States is projected to grow from 28% of the population presently to 32%
        in 2010 and 35% by 2015. This demographic group represents the largest
        percentage of new prescriptions filled and obtains more prescriptions
        per capita annually than any other age group.

     -  INCREASED DRUG UTILIZATION. In recent years, a number of factors have
        contributed to the increased utilization of drug-based therapies to
        prevent and to treat disease. These factors include increased research
        and development spending by pharmaceutical manufacturers leading to the
        introduction of new pharmaceuticals, the lower costs of drug-based
        therapy relative to surgery and increased direct to consumer advertising
        by manufacturers.

     -  IMPORTANCE OF THE WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL. Over the past decade,
        as the cost and complexity of maintaining inventories and arranging for
        delivery of pharmaceutical products has risen, manufacturers of
        pharmaceuticals have significantly increased the distribution of their
        products through wholesalers. Drug wholesalers are generally able to
        offer their customers and suppliers more efficient distribution and
        inventory management than pharmaceutical manufacturers. As a result,
        from 1980 to 2001, the percentage of total pharmaceutical sales through
        wholesale distributors increased from approximately 57.0% to
        approximately 72.4%.

     -  RISING PHARMACEUTICAL COSTS. We believe that price increases for branded
        pharmaceutical products by manufacturers will continue to equal or
        exceed the overall increases in the Consumer Price Index. We believe
        that these increases will be due in large part to relatively inelastic
        demand for branded pharmaceuticals in the face of higher prices charged
        for patented drugs as manufacturers attempt to recoup costs associated
        with the development, clinical testing and FDA approval of new products.
        From 1990 to 2001, the average retail price of a prescription increased
        from $22.06 to $50.17.


CUSTOMERS AND PRODUCTS

     Our customer base consists of independent pharmacies, regional pharmacy
companies, national pharmacy chains and other healthcare providers. Independent
pharmacies generally are community-based pharmacies, which we believe benefit
the most from our customized sales, information systems and other value added
services. Regional pharmacy companies generally focus on serving customers with
multiple sites in one or more states. National pharmacy chains generally have
stores located in more than one region in the United States and include the
pharmacy departments of supermarkets and mass merchandisers. Other healthcare
providers consist of hospitals, other alternate-site care providers (including
nursing homes, clinics, home health services and managed care organizations),
and pharmacy benefit management companies. We are committed to serving the
unique needs of independent and regional pharmacies and have structured our
business and operating model to be able to do this in an efficient and
profitable manner.

NET SALES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              FISCAL YEARS ENDED
                                         JUNE 30, 2000          JUNE 30, 2001           JUNE 30, 2002
                                         -------------          -------------           -------------
                                       AMOUNT     PERCENT     AMOUNT      PERCENT     AMOUNT      PERCENT
                                       ------     -------     ------      -------     ------      -------
                                                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
     Independent and regional         $  646,102     44.3%    $  748,399     45.5%    $1,095,120     44.6%
     pharmacies
     National pharmacy chains            392,450     26.9%       796,611     48.4%     1,246,654     50.8%
     Other healthcare providers          416,869     28.6%        98,148      5.9%       101,723      4.2%
     PBI / Software sales (1)              2,626      0.2%         2,835      0.2%        10,251      0.4%
                                      ----------    ------    ----------    ------    ----------    ------

               Total                  $1,458,047    100.0%    $1,645,993    100.0%    $2,453,748    100.0%
                                      ==========    ======    ==========    ======    ==========    ======
</TABLE>
- -------------
(1)  For FY2002, includes sales from PBI, which is now consolidated.



                                       3
<PAGE>

     During fiscal 2000, fiscal 2001 and fiscal 2002, our 10 largest customers
accounted for approximately 55.1%, 49.4%, and 56.4%, respectively, of our net
sales. Our largest customer during fiscal 2002 accounted for approximately 24%
of our net sales. Our largest customer in fiscal 2001 and fiscal 2000, which was
a different customer in each year, accounted for approximately 16% and 18% of
our net sales during those periods, respectively. In the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2000, our contracts with our two largest mail-order customers were
terminated by the customers. In each case, we were given the opportunity to
submit proposals to renew the contracts but elected not to do so at prices that
would have been required to retain the business. Sales to these customers in
fiscal 2000 represented approximately 18% and 5%, respectively, of our total net
sales for that period. The loss of these customers has not had a material
adverse effect on our sales. See Note 16 to our consolidated financial
statements for additional information regarding the impact of the loss of these
customers.

   Independent and Regional Pharmacies

     Consistent with our strategy since our inception, one of our primary
objectives has been to focus on serving the specialized needs of independent and
regional pharmacies while our larger national competitors have increasingly
organized their businesses around serving the primary needs of the national
pharmacy chain companies as well as their national contracts with group
purchasing organizations and pharmacy benefit managers. We have organized
ourselves to profitably and efficiently provide all of our services to our
independent and regional pharmacy customers from five distribution centers
located in four states, serving customers in 24 states primarily in the Midwest
and South. Our sales to independent and regional pharmacies grew from $646.1
million in fiscal 2000 to $1.095 billion in fiscal 2002. Each of our
distribution centers has the personnel and capabilities to autonomously provide
customized distribution, information systems, inventory management and other
services to our local independent pharmacy and regional pharmacy customers.

     Our product offerings to independent and regional pharmacy companies
consist of more than 25,000 SKUs, including branded pharmaceuticals,
multi-source generics, private label products, repackaged pharmaceutical
products and over-the-counter health and beauty aids. We deliver our products
directly to the stores of our independent pharmacy customers and deliver both to
retail stores and to the warehouses of our regional pharmacy customers depending
on whether they have centralized inventory warehouses.

     Our decentralized organization allows our distribution centers to form
strong, attentive and responsive business relationships with our independent and
regional pharmacy customers. Our specialized infrastructure and autonomous
distribution centers enable us to serve our independent and regional pharmacy
customers with a high level of customer service. We believe that we fulfill our
customers' orders with a high degree of accuracy and that our customers value
our flexibility and willingness to meet and accommodate their special requests
and needs. We believe that the large national wholesale distributors, which are
focused on and organized to serve primarily large national pharmacy chains and
national contracts, do not have the operating model or flexibility to service
independent and regional pharmacies as we do.


   National Pharmacy Chains

     By virtue of our strong independent and regional pharmacy business and our
competitive position and strong relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers
and national pharmacy chain companies, we have built a business that serves as a
secondary supplier for the high-volume branded pharmaceutical distribution needs
of our manufacturers and national pharmacy chain customers. We provide our
national pharmacy chain customers with 700 to 800 high-volume, branded bulk
pharmaceuticals that we purchase from pharmaceutical manufacturers on favorable
terms. Our net revenues from these sales have grown from $392.5 million in
fiscal 2000 to $1.247 billion in fiscal 2002.

     Our industry is subject to regulations that require organizations handling
the distribution or sale of pharmaceuticals to be able to trace the detailed
history of those specific products back to the manufacturer or an authorized
distributor. In order to ensure that we provide our customers with products that
have verifiable shipment histories, we purchase the vast majority of our
pharmaceuticals directly from manufacturers with the balance coming directly
from authorized distributors. As a result of our reputation and conservative
business practices, we believe that we are a desirable business partner for
pharmaceutical manufacturers and national pharmacy chains.



                                       4
<PAGE>

     We utilize our longstanding manufacturer and national pharmacy chain
customer relationships to provide services that benefit both our customers and
our suppliers. Our management team has developed and maintains reputations and
contacts that enable them to identify opportunities to purchase branded
pharmaceuticals from manufacturers at attractive prices. In addition to the
experience and expertise of our management team in this area, we also employ
sophisticated information and inventory management systems to understand the
demand for particular products in advance of buying them for distribution. We
generally purchase only fast moving branded pharmaceuticals for supply to
national pharmacy chains. As a result, we minimize our inventory risk exposure
and have not experienced any material inventory expiration or obsolescence in
this part of our business. We have, however, had situations in which we have
sold pharmaceutical products to national pharmacy chains at prices lower than
what we expected when we procured those products.


ADDITIONAL SERVICES

     Consistent with our strategy to offer a high level of customer service to
our pharmacy customers, we offer a number of proprietary information system,
marketing, and other business management solutions to assist our customers in
profitably operating and growing their businesses. Through our Tykon, Inc.
subsidiary, we develop and market a proprietary order entry/order confirmation
system to the drug distribution industry. We offer and fully support these
services from our distribution centers. We make these services available to all
of our customers, however our independent pharmacy customers have the most to
gain from them and are consequently the heaviest users of these services. In
providing our services and support to independent and regional pharmacy
customers, we give them access to resources and tools normally associated with
larger businesses. In so doing, we believe that we enable them to operate their
businesses more efficiently and that we increase our value to them.

     We strive to offer services that enhance the operating efficiencies of our
customers and assist them in competing effectively. Principal elements of our
service offering to our customers include:

     -  RESOURCE(SM) a proprietary PC based order entry/order confirmation
        system that completely automates all order creation, transmission and
        confirmation operations and PARTNERS(SM) a fully automated and
        customizable replenishment software system which helps pharmacies more
        efficiently coordinate product supply and demand. Through these
        proprietary order entry/order confirmation systems that completely
        automate all order creation, transmission and confirmation operations,
        our customers have the opportunity to improve their margins and
        significantly reduce their working capital needs through effective
        inventory management.

     -  SCRIPTMASTER(R) is our pharmacy dispensing management system, which
        includes computerized order entry, point-of-sale capabilities, inventory
        control, patient histories, drug interactions and pharmacy
        reimbursement. This service provides cost savings and enhanced
        efficiencies to pharmacy customers as well as valuable information on
        prescription history for manufacturers.

     We offer a broad range of merchandising and marketing services to our
independent pharmacy customers under our MedPlus(R) identity program. Under this
program, we plan and coordinate cooperative advertising programs and provide for
the availability of various promotional products, including a single-source
supply for generics at highly competitive prices from leading pharmaceutical
manufacturers. We also offer new product introduction programs, point-of-sale
materials, calendars, blood pressure testing units, automatic new product
distribution, rack jobbing, store fixturing and retail employee training
programs. Other services offered to independent pharmacies under MedPlus(R)
include: retail merchandising, inventory management systems, electronic order
entry, shelf labels and price stickers, private label products, monthly feature
promotions, home healthcare marketing programs, store layout assistance,
business management reports, pharmacy computer systems and monthly catalogs.


OPERATIONS

     We are an organization of locally managed drug wholesale distribution
centers. Each distribution center has its own executive, sales and operations
staff. Management compensation at each center is determined by that center's
operating results. These operations utilize our corporate staff for procurement,
marketing, financial, legal and executive management resources and corporate
coordination of assets and working capital management. Our decentralized sales
and distribution network, combined with our centralized procurement and
corporate support staff structure, enable us to



                                       5
<PAGE>

provide high levels of specialized customer service while minimizing
administrative expenses and maximizing volume discounts for product purchases.

     Our distribution centers include computer systems and sophisticated
materials handling equipment for receiving, storing and distributing large
quantities and varieties of products. We continuously seek to improve our
warehouse automation technologies to maximize operational efficiencies on a
cost-effective basis. We receive virtually 100% of our orders electronically
and, upon receipt of the customer's order at a distribution center, our
warehouse-management system produces a "picking document" containing product
selection, loading and truck routing information. The system also provides
customized price information (geared to local markets as determined by the
customer) or individual package price stickers to accompany each shipment to
facilitate the customer's pricing of the items. Virtually all items ordered from
our distribution centers are available and shipped by us less than 24 hours
after customers place the orders. Orders are delivered to customers by our fleet
of trucks and vans or by contract carriers.


SALES AND MARKETING

     We employ sales representatives and customer service representatives at
each of our distribution centers. Our sales representatives receive regular
training to help them improve customer service and to provide them with the
skills and resources necessary to increase business with existing customers and
establish new customer relationships. We also maintain at each of our
distribution centers a telephone service department staffed with trained
representatives who answer customer questions and solve problems.

     We focus our marketing efforts on developing and maintaining primary
relationships with customers. We emphasize frequent personal interaction between
our sales force and customers so that our customers learn to rely on our
dependability, responsiveness, accuracy of order filling and breadth of product
line. Our customers also rely on our sales force for assistance with
advertising, merchandising, stocking and inventory management.

     We believe that our distribution center-based customer service departments
differentiate us from our national competitors; they are a key element in our
marketing program. Our decentralized customer service staffs focus on developing
relationships with our customers, responding quickly to customer inquiries and
placing orders accurately and efficiently.


PURCHASING AND INVENTORY CONTROL

     We utilize sophisticated inventory control and purchasing software to track
our inventory, to analyze demand history and to project future demand. Our
system is designed to enhance profit margins by eliminating the manual ordering
process, allowing for automatic inventory replenishment and identifying
inventory buying opportunities.

     We purchase products from approximately 1,200 manufacturers. We initiate
purchase orders with manufacturers through our information systems. During
fiscal 2002 and fiscal 2001, our 10 largest suppliers accounted for
approximately 71% and 66%, respectively, of our purchases by dollar volume. Our
largest supplier accounted for approximately 22% (by dollar volume) of our
purchases during fiscal 2002 and approximately 31% (by dollar volume) of our
purchases during fiscal 2001. Another vendor accounted for approximately 11% (by
dollar volume) of our purchases during fiscal 2002. As is common practice in our
industry, the majority of our supply contracts are terminable by either party
upon short notice and without penalty. We believe that our relationships with
our suppliers are good.


MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS

     Each of our distribution centers operates as a distinct business with
complete system functionality including, order processing, inventory management,
accounts receivable, accounts payable, general ledger, master file maintenance,
and external and internal reporting. Historically, we have operated in a
distributed data processing environment. Each distribution center maintained its
own AS/400 system and Information Systems staff to support that function. Over
the past year, we have consolidated certain systems into data centers located in
St. Louis and Cape Girardeau. Each of the divisions is connected to the central
systems in St. Louis and Cape Girardeau.

     In March 2000, we selected JD Edwards OneWorld(TM) product as our new
Enterprise Resource Planning software package. The OneWorld(TM) product is a
complete system that integrates sales order management, inventory



                                       6
<PAGE>

management, transportation management, customer service, accounts payable,
accounts receivable, general ledger and financial reporting. Once implementation
is complete, all systems will be consolidated in St. Louis and Cape Girardeau.
The new system will provide us with improved operations management and financial
reporting systems. Implementation of this system began in July 2000 and is
expected to be completed during fiscal 2003.


BUYING GROUP

     In November 1995, we purchased 50% of Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. (PBI), a
Colorado-based group purchasing organization. PBI is one of the largest
pharmaceutical group purchasing organizations in the United States with over
2,000 member organizations. PBI's member organizations include long-term care
facilities, home infusion providers, and medical equipment distributors. In
connection with the secondary stock offering in July 2001, we increased our
ownership in PBI to 68% and an additional 2% was acquired in a subsequent
transaction in August 2001. The resulting required consolidation of PBI's
operations positively impacted our financial statements by increasing our gross
profit and gross margin percentage but has had no effect on our earnings per
share. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.


COMPETITION

     The wholesale distribution of pharmaceuticals, health and beauty aids, and
other healthcare products is highly competitive. National and regional
distributors compete primarily on the basis of service and price. Other
competitive factors include delivery service, credit terms, breadth of product
line, customer support, merchandising and marketing programs. We compete with
national and regional wholesale distributors, manufacturers and generic
pharmaceutical telemarketers and specialty distributors and with other wholesale
distributors for purchases of products and financial support in the form of
trade credit from manufacturers. Certain of our competitors, including McKesson
Corporation, AmeriSourceBergen Corporation and Cardinal Health, Inc., have
significantly greater financial and marketing resources than we do.


EMPLOYEES

     As of August 31, 2002, we employed 456 persons, 408 of whom were full-time
employees. Approximately 25 employees at our Minneapolis, Minnesota distribution
center are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the Miscellaneous
Drivers, Helpers and Warehousemen's Union, Local 638, which expires in March
2003. Approximately 11 employees at our Jewett Drug Co. subsidiary are covered
by a collective bargaining agreement with the General Drivers and Helpers Union
Local 749, affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, which
expires February 29, 2004. In November 2001, the National Labor Relations Board
decertified the United Steelworkers of America as the collective bargaining
representative for approximately 34 employees at our Cape Girardeau, Missouri
distribution center. We believe that our employee relations are good.



FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

       Certain statements in this document regarding future events, prospects,
projections or financial performance are forward looking statements. Such
forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and may also be identified
by words such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends"
and similar expressions. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in or
suggested by such forward looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include the Company's ability to compete in a competitive industry, with many
competitors having substantially greater resources than the Company and the
Company's customers and suppliers generally having the right to terminate or
reduce their purchases or shipments on relatively short notice, changes in
interest rates, the Company's ability to maintain or improve its operating
margin with the industry's competitive pricing pressures, the changing business
and regulatory environment, including possible changes in reimbursement for
healthcare products and in manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies or
practices, the availability of investment purchasing opportunities, the loss of
one or more key suppliers for which alternative sources may not be available,
and the ability to integrate recently acquired businesses. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that reflect the
Company's views as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.




                                       7
<PAGE>

Item 2. Properties

     We conduct our business from a total of nine office, warehouse and
satellite depot facilities. Our primary operating facilities include:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     LOCATION                                          DESCRIPTION                           SQUARE FOOTAGE
     --------                                          -----------                           --------------
<S>                                                    <C>                                   <C>
     Cape Girardeau, Missouri (1)....................  Distribution and administration           66,000
     Lexington, Kentucky (1).........................  Distribution and administration           61,900
     Minneapolis, Minnesota (2)......................  Distribution and administration           63,000
     Aberdeen, South Dakota (1)......................  Distribution and administration           40,000
     Weston, Florida (1).............................  Distribution and administration           24,000
     Owensboro, Kentucky  (2)........................  Distribution and administration           34,000
     Caguas, Puerto Rico (1).........................  Distribution and administration            5,000
     Boulder, Colorado (1)...........................  PBI headquarters                           5,500
     St. Louis, Missouri (1).........................  Corporate offices                         11,500
     St. Louis, Missouri (3).........................  Corporate offices                         31,765
</TABLE>
- -------------
(1)  Leased.
(2)  Owned.
(3)  Leased. To be occupied during fiscal 2003.

     We also maintain warehouse and satellite depot facilities in Missouri and
Kentucky that enable us to efficiently distribute products on a timely basis. We
believe our facilities are adequate to support our present business plans.



Item 3. Legal Proceedings

         No material legal proceedings are pending against us.


Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders


         We did not submit any matters to a vote of our security holders during
the quarter ended June 30, 2002.



Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant

         The name, age and position of each of our executive officers are set
forth below.

     J. Hord Armstrong, III, 61, has served as our Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer and Treasurer and as one of our directors since December 1987.
Prior to joining us, Mr. Armstrong served as Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Arch Mineral Corporation, a coal mining and sales corporation, from
1981 to 1987 and as its Treasurer from 1978 to 1981. Mr. Armstrong serves as a
Trustee of the St. Louis College of Pharmacy.

     Martin D. Wilson, 41, has served as our President and Chief Operating
Officer since January 1996, as Secretary from August 1993 to April 1999 and as
one of our directors since 1997. Mr. Wilson previously served as our Executive
Vice President, Finance and Administration from May 1995 to January 1996, as our
Vice President, Finance and Administration from April 1991 to May 1995 and as
our Controller from March 1988 to April 1991. Prior to joining D&K, Mr. Wilson,
was associated with KPMG Peat Marwick, a public accounting firm.

     Thomas S. Hilton, 50, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer since January 1999. Between May 1980 and June 1998, Mr. Hilton
was employed by the Peabody Group, a coal mining and sales corporation, serving
in a variety of management positions including Vice President and Treasurer from
March 1993 to May 1995 and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from
May 1995 to June 1998.



                                       8
<PAGE>

     Leonard R. Benjamin, 52, has served as our Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary since April 1999. Between January 1999 and April 1999, Mr.
Benjamin was Assistant General Counsel of Innovex Corporation, a provider of
sales forces to the pharmaceutical industry. Between October 1998 and January
1999, Mr. Benjamin was counsel to KWS&P/SFA Inc., a software provider to the
pharmaceutical industry. Between April 1994 and July 1998, Mr. Benjamin was
employed by Walsh International Inc., a software provider to the pharmaceutical
industry, initially as Associate General Counsel and then as Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary.

     Brian G. Landry, 46, has served as our Vice President and Chief Information
Officer since April 2000. Mr. Landry previously served as Vice President, I.S.
product management from April 1999 to April 2000 and as Vice President and
General Manager of our Minneapolis distribution center from November 1996 to
April 1999. From October 1992 to October 1996, Mr. Landry was employed by
Cardinal Health as a general manager of a distribution center.





                                       9
<PAGE>
                                     PART II


Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

         The information set forth under the caption "Price Range Per Common
Share" on page 1 of the registrant's 2002 Annual Report to Stockholders is
incorporated herein by this reference.

         The following table contains certain information concerning shares of
common stock of the Company subject to options issued under the Company's 1992
Long-term Incentive Plan (as amended), 1993 Stock Option Plan (as amended) and
2001 Long-term Incentive Plan. The Company's stockholders have approved the 1992
Long-term Incentive Plan and the 2001 Long-term Incentive Plan. The 1993 Stock
Option Plan (the 1993 Plan) is for employees and certain other persons (other
than directors or executive officers of the Company) who perform services for
the Company. Under the 1993 Plan, the Company may grant options, which do not
qualify as Incentive Stock Options, at a price not less than fair market value
of the Company's common stock at the time of grant. The term of the options
shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant. There were 700,000 shares
authorized under the 1993 Plan. The 1993 Plan did not require stockholder
approval.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

                                                                                   NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                                  REMAINING AVAILABLE FOR
                                                                                   FUTURE ISSUANCE UNDER
                               NUMBER OF SECURITIES TO      WEIGHTED-AVERAGE        EQUITY COMPENSATION
                               BE ISSUED UPON EXERCISE     EXERCISE PRICE OF         PLANS (EXCLUDING
                               OF OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,    OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,    SECURITIES REFLECTED IN
                                 WARRANTS AND RIGHTS      WARRANTS AND RIGHTS           COLUMN (a))

         PLAN CATEGORY                   (a)                      (b)                       (c)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>                        <C>                     <C>
   Equity compensation plans
   approved by stockholders            955,866                   $14.30                   841,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Equity compensation plans
   not approved by
   stockholders                        136,250                   $12.04                     --
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             TOTAL                    1,092,116                  $13.96                   841,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

         The information set forth under the caption "Financial Highlights" on
page 1 of the registrant's 2002 Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated
herein by this reference.





                                       10
<PAGE>
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         The table below sets forth certain statement of operations data for the
last three fiscal years expressed as a percentage of net sales and in comparison
with the prior fiscal year. Unless otherwise indicated, for purposes of this
discussion, all references to "2002," "2001," and "2000" shall mean the
Company's fiscal years ended June 30, 2002, June 30, 2001, and June 30, 2000,
respectively.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 --------------------------------------------     --------------------------------
                                                                                   Percentage Change from Prior
                                           Percentage of Net Sales                             Year
                                 --------------------------------------------     --------------------------------
                                     2002            2001            2000          2001-2002         2000-2001
                                 -------------    ------------    -----------     -------------    ---------------
<S>                              <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
Net sales                            100.00%          100.00%        100.00%             49.1%              12.9%
Gross profit                           4.19%            4.18%          3.87%             49.4%              22.0%
Total operating expenses              (2.30%)          (2.54%)        (2.34%)            34.9%              22.7%
                                 -------------    ------------    -----------

Income from operations                 1.89%            1.64%          1.53%             72.0%              20.8%
Interest expense, net                 (0.40%)          (0.72%)        (0.66%)           (18.7%)             24.1%
Other, net                            (0.03%)           0.00%          0.05%               NM                NM
Income tax provision                  (0.57%)          (0.36%)        (0.36%)           139.7%              13.2%
Minority interest                     (0.03%)             -              -                 NA                NA
                                 -------------    ------------    -----------
Net income                             0.86%            0.56%          0.56%            130.3%              11.5%
                                 =============    ============    ===========
</TABLE>

FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2002, COMPARED WITH THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2001

     NET SALES Net sales increased $807.8 million to $2.454 billion, or 49.1%,
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002, compared to the corresponding period of
the prior year. Sales growth was primarily in the independent and regional
pharmacy and national pharmacy chain groups. Sales to independent and regional
pharmacies increased $346.7 million to $1.095 billion, or 46.3%, as a result of
the net increase in sales to existing customers, the addition of DHI for a full
year, and the addition of new customers. National pharmacy chain sales increased
$450.0 million to $1.247 billion, or 56.5%, over fiscal 2001 as proceeds from
our equity offering were primarily used to capitalize on opportunities in this
trade class, while sales to healthcare providers increased $3.6 million to
$101.7 million, or 3.6%. The increase in net sales related to the consolidation
of PBI in fiscal 2002 was insignificant.

     We made replenishment purchases and investment purchases, including both
forward purchasing and special purchasing opportunities, with our largest
supplier for fiscal 2002. We continue to make replenishment and forward
purchases, but do not anticipate any special purchasing opportunities in the
near future, with this supplier. If we are unable to identify and benefit from
other purchasing opportunities, then there could be a negative impact on our
revenues and earnings in future periods.

     In addition, during fiscal 2002 we made $70.5 million in dock-to-dock
sales, which are not included in net sales due to our accounting policy of
recording only the commission on such transactions as a reduction to cost of
sales in our consolidated statements of operations. Dock-to-dock sales represent
bulk sales of pharmaceuticals to self-warehousing chain pharmacies for which we
act only as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products to
the customers' warehouses. The commission on dock-to-dock sales is typically
lower than the gross profit realized on sales of products from inventory.
Dock-to-dock sales were $85.1 million during fiscal 2001.

     GROSS PROFIT Gross profit increased $34.0 million to $102.8 million, or
49.4%, for fiscal 2002, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year.
As a percentage of net sales, gross margin increased from 4.18% to 4.19% for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2002, compared to the corresponding period of the
prior year. The slight increase in gross margin percentage was due to the
inclusion of PBI partially offset by competitive forces in the business and a
slightly higher mix of national pharmacy chain business that normally has lower
gross margins.

     OPERATING EXPENSES Operating expenses (including depreciation and
amortization) increased $14.6 million to $56.5 million, or 34.9%, for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2002 compared to the corresponding period of the prior year.
The ratio of operating expenses to net sales for fiscal 2002 was 2.30%, a 9.4%
decrease from the comparable period of the prior year. The increase in operating
expenses resulted from the inclusion of DHI and PBI operating



                                       11
<PAGE>

expenses during the year, a shift in sales mix to accounts requiring a higher
level of service, and higher depreciation expense related to portions of the new
ERP system being implemented. The ratio of operating expense to net sales fell
as a function of the increase in sales in national pharmacy business that has
lower incremental operating costs.

     INTEREST EXPENSE, NET Net interest expense decreased $2.2 million to $9.7
million, or 18.7%, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002, compared to the
corresponding period of the prior year. As a percentage of net sales, net
interest expense decreased to 0.40% from 0.72% for fiscal 2002, compared to the
corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in net interest expense was
primarily the result of lower average borrowing rates.

     INCOME TAX PROVISION Our effective income tax rate was 39.3% for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2002 compared to 39.2% for the corresponding period of the
prior year. These rates were different from the statutory blended federal and
state rates primarily because of the amortization of intangible assets that are
not deductible for federal and state income tax purposes. Our effective rate is
slightly higher than the corresponding period of last year due to the impact of
the sales mix on the blended state income tax rate.

     MINORITY INTEREST We began recording minority interest during fiscal 2002
as a result of our additional investment in PBI in July 2001. Prior to fiscal
2002, our investment was treated under the equity method and our portion of the
earnings in PBI where recorded accordingly.


FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2001, COMPARED WITH THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2000

     NET SALES Net sales increased $187.9 million to $1.646 billion, or 12.9%,
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, compared to the corresponding period of
the prior year. Sales growth was primarily in the independent and regional
pharmacy and national pharmacy chain groups. Sales to independent and regional
pharmacies increased $102.3 million to $748.4 million, or 15.8%, as a result of
the net increase in sales to existing customers and the addition of new
customers. National pharmacy chain sales increased $404.2 million to $796.6
million, or 103.0%, over fiscal 2000 due to infrastructure investments and a
focused effort on this trade class, while sales to healthcare providers
decreased $318.7 million to $98.1 million, or 76.5%, as a result of the loss of
two mail order customers during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000.

     In addition, during fiscal 2001 we made $85.1 million in dock-to-dock
sales, which are not included in net sales due to our accounting policy of
recording only the commission on such transactions as a reduction to cost of
sales in our consolidated statements of operations. Dock-to-dock sales represent
bulk sales of pharmaceuticals to self-warehousing chain pharmacies for which we
act only as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products to
the customers' warehouses. The commission on dock-to-dock sales is typically
lower than the gross profit realized on sales of products from inventory.
Dock-to-dock sales were $46.8 million during fiscal 2000.

     GROSS PROFIT Gross profit increased $12.4 million to $68.8 million, or
22.0%, for fiscal 2001, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year.
As a percentage of net sales, gross margin increased from 3.87% to 4.18% for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, compared to the corresponding period of the
prior year. The increase in gross margin percentage was due to the
discontinuance of lower gross profit business from the mail order customers
mentioned above.

     OPERATING EXPENSES Operating expenses (including depreciation and
amortization) increased $7.8 million to $41.9 million, or 22.7%, for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2001 compared to the corresponding period of the prior year.
The ratio of operating expenses to net sales for fiscal 2001 was 2.54%, an 8.5%
increase from the comparable period of the prior year. The increase in operating
expenses and the ratio of operating expenses to net sales resulted primarily
from a shift in sales mix to accounts requiring a higher level of service and
related expense.

     INTEREST EXPENSE, NET Net interest expense increased $2.3 million to $12.0
million, or 24.1%, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, compared to the
corresponding period of the prior year. As a percentage of net sales, net
interest expense increased to 0.72% from 0.66% for fiscal 2001, compared to the
corresponding period of the prior year. The increase in net interest expense was
primarily the result of higher average borrowings related to our continued
growth.

     INCOME TAX PROVISION Our effective income tax rate was 39.2% for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2001 compared to 38.8% for the corresponding period of the
prior year. These rates were different from the statutory blended federal and
state rates primarily because of the amortization of intangible assets that are
not deductible for federal and state



                                       12
<PAGE>

income tax purposes. Our effective rate is slightly higher than the
corresponding period of last year due to the impact of the sales mix on the
blended state income tax rate.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Our working capital requirements are generally met through a combination of
internally generated funds, borrowings under the revolving line of credit, the
accounts receivable securitization program, and trade credit from our suppliers.
On July 5, 2001, stockholders' equity was increased by approximately $77 million
as the result of our secondary stock offering. See Note 1 of our consolidated
financial statements.

     We use the following ratios as key indicators of our liquidity and working
capital management:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       JUNE 30,     JUNE 30,
                                                                         2002        2001
                                                                         ----        ----
<S>                                                                   <C>          <C>
            Working capital (000s)..................................  $ 182,636    $ 97,533
            Current ratio...........................................  1.79 to 1   1.57 to 1
</TABLE>

     Working capital and current ratio at June 30, 2002 are higher than June 30,
2001 levels. Increases in inventory levels are related to seasonal sales
patterns and growth that have been partially offset by accounts payable
increases tied to timing of inventory receipts and related payments.

     We invested $3.4 million in capital assets in fiscal 2002, as compared to
$3.5 million in the corresponding period in the prior year. The fiscal 2002 and
2001 expenditures were primarily related to the implementation of our new
Enterprise Resource Planning computer system, which is scheduled to be completed
during fiscal 2003. This system integrates sales order management, inventory
management, transportation management, customer service, accounts payable,
accounts receivable, general ledger and financial reporting. We believe that
continuing investment in capital assets is necessary to achieve our goal of
improving operational efficiency, thereby enhancing our productivity and
profitability.

     Net cash inflows from financing activities totaled $61.3 million for the
year ended June 30, 2002 as compared to net cash outflows of $3.5 million for
the corresponding period in the prior year. During fiscal 2002, we received
proceeds from our secondary stock offering that was partially offset by
increased repayments under our revolving credit agreement. During the previous
year, the capacity under our accounts receivable securitization program
increased which made available funds for repayment of the revolving credit
facility.

     On June 12, 2001, our revolving line of credit was amended to increase the
maximum borrowing capacity to $150 million and extend the term to August 2005.
Under the loan agreement, the total amount of loans and letters of credit
outstanding at any time may not exceed the lesser of an amount based on
percentages of eligible inventories (the borrowing base formula), or our maximum
borrowing capacity under this agreement but may not be less than $20 million.
The advances currently bear interest at a base rate of the London Interbank
Offering Rate (LIBOR) plus 1.75%, or at the prime rate plus 0.25% per annum
payable monthly. Through an interest rate swap agreement, we effectively fixed
the interest rate on $20 million of our revolving line of credit at a nominal
rate of 6.19%. At June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001, the borrowing base formula
amounted to $241.4 million and $132.2 million, respectively. The unused portion
of the line of credit amounted to $71.3 million at June 30, 2002 and $56.9
million at June 30, 2001. The agreement expires in August 2005, and, therefore,
the related debt has been classified as long-term. The revolving line of credit
is secured by eligible inventories. In July 2002, our revolving line of credit
was amended to increase the maximum borrowing capacity to $200 million.

     In the first quarter of fiscal 1999, we entered into an accounts receivable
securitization program under an asset securitization structure with our primary
lender. On June 8, 2001, this agreement was amended to increase the maximum
amount of receivables eligible to be sold to $150 million and the term was
extended to August 2005. At June 30, 2002, $120 million of this facility was
utilized. Under the program, undivided interests in a pool of eligible trade
receivables that have been contributed to the Seller are sold, without recourse,
to a multi-seller, asset backed commercial paper conduit ("Conduit"). Purchases
by the Conduit are financed with the sale of highly rated commercial paper. We
use the proceeds from the sale of our accounts receivable to repay long-term
debt, effectively reducing its overall borrowing costs. Funding costs under this
program are 4.85% on the first $50 million with the rate on the excess amounts
equal to the commercial paper rate. Certain program fees total an additional
0.75%. The portion of receivables not sold by the subsidiary remains an asset on
the balance sheet ($31.7 million as of June 30, 2002). In



                                       13
<PAGE>

August 2002, this agreement was amended to increase the maximum amount of
receivables eligible to be sold to $200 million.

     Stockholders' equity increased to $167.4 million at June 30, 2002 from
$57.5 million at June 30, 2001, due to the impact of the equity offering and net
earnings during the period. We believe that funds available under the line of
credit and the securitization facility, together with internally generated
funds, will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for the foreseeable
future.


INFLATION

     Our financial statements are prepared on the basis of historical costs and
are not intended to reflect changes in the relative purchasing power of the
dollar. Because of our ability to take advantage of forward purchasing
opportunities, we believe that our gross profits generally increase as a result
of manufacturers' price increases in the products we distribute. Gross profits
may decline if the rate of price increases by manufacturers declines.

     Generally, price increases are passed through to customers as they are
received by us and therefore reduce the negative effect of inflation. Other
non-inventory cost increases, such as payroll, supplies and services, have been
partially offset during the past three years by increased volume and
productivity.


RECENT TRENDS

      During the first two months of the fiscal 2003 first quarter, the
Company's internal revenue and margin objectives for its national chain business
were not achieved. The sales shortfall is principally the result of fewer than
expected purchasing and sales opportunities available during the period. The
Company's sales in the national chain business have been variable from month to
month historically, driven largely by opportunistic purchases from
pharmaceutical companies for distribution primarily to national chains.

      Additionally, the Company's growth in sales to the independent and
regional pharmacy trade class has trended below internal expectations in the
first two months of the quarter of fiscal 2003. The Company now expects this
trade class to achieve growth of approximately 10%, year-over-year, in the first
quarter. While below expectations, this performance should enable the Company to
further expand its share of this trade class, despite the unusually strong
growth it achieved in the year-ago first quarter. The Company believes its sales
performance in the trade class reflects a recent softening in retail sales
trends now being exhibited across the country. The Company also believes the
retail sales trends reflect a greater than expected revenue impact from generic
drugs' encroachment on branded pharmaceuticals, the impact of increasingly
higher prescription co-payment costs as well as funding challenges across most
state Medicaid systems.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The Company's more critical accounting policies include the accounts
receivable securitization program, the valuation of long-lived assets, and the
use of estimates (which inherently involve judgment and uncertainties) in
valuing accounts receivable.

Accounts Receivable Securitization Program

     The Company and its wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary ("Seller")
has an accounts receivable securitization program. Under the program, undivided
interests in a pool of eligible trade receivables that have been contributed to
the Seller are sold, without recourse, to a multi-seller, asset backed
commercial paper conduit ("Conduit"). Purchases by the Conduit are financed with
the sale of highly rated commercial paper. The Company utilizes proceeds from
the sale of its accounts receivable to repay long-term debt, effectively
reducing its overall borrowing costs. Under the provisions of SFAS No. 125,
"Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments
of Liabilities," (as amended by SFAS No. 140) the securitization transactions
have been recorded as sales, with those accounts receivable sold to the Conduit
removed from the consolidated balance sheet. The Seller is a separate legal
entity from the Company. The Seller's assets are available first and foremost to
satisfy the claims of its creditors. Eligible receivables, as defined in the
securitization agreement, consist of trade receivables from our subsidiaries,
excluding non-pharmaceutical receivables, reduced for certain items, including
past due balances and



                                       14
<PAGE>

concentration limits. Of the eligible pool of receivables contributed to the
Seller, undivided interests in only a portion of the pool are sold to the
Conduit. The portion of eligible receivables not sold to the Conduit remains an
asset of the Seller. The Seller's interest in these receivables is subordinate
to the Conduit's interest in the event of default under the securitization
agreement.

Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets

     Goodwill and certain identifiable intangibles assets are reviewed when
events or circumstances indicate that the net book value may not be recoverable.
Under SFAS No. 142,"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets", goodwill and
intangible assets that have indefinite lives will no longer be amortized but
will be tested for impairment annually or more frequently if circumstances
indicate potential impairment. Other intangible assets will continue to be
amortized over their estimated useful lives.

Accounts Receivable

     We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers, including reviews
of their current credit information, and adjust credit limits based upon payment
history and the customer's current credit worthiness. We continuously monitor
collections and payments from customers and maintain a provision for estimated
credit losses based upon the Company's historical experience and any specific
customer collection issues that have been identified. However, the ultimate
collectibility of a receivable is dependent upon the financial condition of an
individual customer, which could change rapidly and without advance warning.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued SFAS No. 141, "Business
Combinations." SFAS No. 141 requires that all business combinations initiated
after June 30, 2001 be accounted for under the purchase method and addresses the
initial recognition and measurement of goodwill and other intangible assets
acquired in a business combination. SFAS 141 is effective for all business
combinations completed after June 30, 2001. See Note 2 of our consolidated
financial statements.

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets." Under the new standard, we will no longer be
required or permitted to amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with
indefinite lives reflected on the balance sheet. We will, however, be required
to evaluate these items reflected on the balance sheet to determine whether they
are impaired under the guidelines of the standard. Other intangible assets with
definite lives will continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives.
We adopted SFAS No. 142 as of July 1, 2002. As a result of this adoption, the
Company will recognize an impairment loss of approximately $7.0 million ($4.2
million net of tax) during the first quarter of fiscal 2003. This will be
recognized as the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle. This
impairment results from an appraisal valuation and relates to goodwill
originally established for the acquisition of Jewett Drug Co. The earnings per
share impact of goodwill amortization during fiscal 2002 was $0.08 per share.

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued SFAS No. 143, "Asset
Retirement Obligations" in June 2001. SFAS 143 provides guidance on accounting
and reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible
long-lived assets and associated retirement costs. We adopted this statement in
fiscal 2002, and it did not affect our consolidated financial position.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets", which supersedes SFAS 121,
"Accounting for Long-lived Assets and for Long-lived Assets to be Disposed Of",
and Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, "Reporting the Results of
Operations - Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and
Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions". SFAS
144 establishes a single accounting model, based on the framework established in
SFAS 121, for long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale. We are in the process
of evaluating the adoption of this standard, but do not believe it will have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

     The FASB issued SFAS No. 145, "Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44, and
64, Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections." This
statement updates, clarifies and simplifies existing accounting pronouncements
related to accounting for gains and losses from the extinguishments of debt and
accounting for certain



                                       15
<PAGE>

lease modifications. We are in the process of evaluating the adoption of this
standard, but do not believe it will have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements.

     The FASB issued SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or
Disposal Activities." This statement addresses the accounting for costs
associated with disposal activities covered by SFAS No. 144 or with exit
activities previously covered by EITF 94-3. This statement will be applied
prospectively to any exit or disposal activities that we initiate after December
31, 2002.



Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

         Our primary exposure to market risk consists of changes in interest
rates on borrowings. An increase in interest rates would adversely affect the
operating results and the cash flow available to fund operations and expansion.
Based on the average variable borrowings, a change of 25 basis points in the
average variable borrowing rate would result in a change of approximately $0.4
million in annual interest expense. We continually monitor this risk and review
the potential benefits of entering into hedging transactions, such as interest
rate swap agreements, to mitigate the exposure to interest rate fluctuations.
Our hedging arrangements at June 30, 2002 are described in Note 8 to our audited
consolidated financial statements.










Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   PAGE
                                                                                  ---------------------------------------
<S>                                                                               <C>
Independent Auditors' Report                                                                     Page 17
Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001                                   Page 19
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2002,
   June 30, 2001, and June 30, 2000                                                              Page 20
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
   Ended June 30, 2002, June 30, 2001, and June 30, 2000                                         Page 21
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2002,
   June 30, 2001, and June 30, 2000                                                              Page 22
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                       Page 23
</TABLE>




                                       16




<PAGE>

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



The Board of Directors
D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of D&K
Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2002, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for
the year then ended. In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial
statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule. These
consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements and the financial statement
schedule based on our audit. The consolidated financial statements and the
financial statement schedule of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of June 30, 2001, and for each of the years in the two-year period then
ended, were audited by other auditors who have ceased operations. Those auditors
expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and
financial statement schedule, before the restatement described in Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements, in their report dated August 7, 2001.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2002, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also,
in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.

As discussed above, the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001, and for each of the years
in the two-year period then ended, were audited by other auditors who have
ceased operations. As described in Note 1, the Company declared a two-for-one
stock split in the form of a stock dividend during the year ending June 30,
2002, and the amounts in the consolidated financial statements as of June 30,
2001, and for each of the years in the two-year period then ended, relating to
all share and per share amounts have been restated to retroactively reflect this
stock split. We audited the adjustments that were applied to restate the share
and per share amounts reflected in the June 30, 2001 and 2000 consolidated
financial statements. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have
been properly applied. However, we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply
any procedures to the June 30, 2001 and 2000 consolidated financial statements
of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries other than with respect to
such adjustments and, accordingly, do not express an opinion or any other form
of assurance on the June 30, 2001 and 2000 consolidated financial statements
taken as a whole.


/s/ KPMG LLP

St. Louis, Missouri
August 7, 2002




                                       17
<PAGE>



THIS IS A COPY OF A REPORT PREVIOUSLY ISSUED BY ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP AND HAS NOT
BEEN REISSUED BY ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP. ALL SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS INCLUDED
IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR FISCAL 2001 AND 2000 HAVE BEEN
ADJUSTED TO RETROACTIVELY REFLECT A TWO-FOR-ONE STOCK SPLIT IN THE FORM OF A
STOCK DIVIDEND THAT OCCURRED IN FISCAL 2002.


                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001
and 2000, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30,
2001. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001 and 2000, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
June 30, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States.

Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial
statements taken as a whole. Schedule II is presented for purposes of complying
with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part of the basic
financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing
procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our
opinion, fairly states in all material respects the financial data required to
be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a
whole.






/s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

St. Louis, Missouri
August 7, 2001




                                       18

<PAGE>


                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


(in thousands, except share and per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            JUNE 30, 2002         JUNE 30, 2001
                                                                            -------------         -------------
<S>                                                                         <C>                   <C>
ASSETS
  Current Assets
    Cash (including restricted cash of $11,754 and $7,516
       respectively)                                                         $  11,754              $   7,516
    Receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of
      $1,374 and $2,197, respectively                                           31,217                 45,131
    Inventories                                                                364,244                214,739
     Deferred income taxes                                                         897                  1,540
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                    5,802                  1,124
                                                                             ---------              ---------
              Total current assets                                             413,914                270,050
  Property and Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation
    and amortization                                                            11,104                 10,865
  Investment in PBI                                                                 --                  4,552
  Other Assets                                                                   5,024                  2,758
  Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization                                     51,131                 41,979
  Other Intangible Assets, net of accumulated amortization                       1,965                     --
                                                                             ---------              ---------
                Total assets                                                 $ 483,138              $ 330,204
                                                                             =========              =========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Current Liabilities
    Current maturities of long-term debt                                     $   2,270              $     320
    Accounts payable                                                           215,777                158,930
    Accrued expenses                                                            13,231                 13,267
                                                                             ---------              ---------
             Total current liabilities                                         231,278                172,517
  Long-term Liabilities                                                          2,757                  2,300
  Deferred Income Taxes                                                            249                  3,388
  Long-term Debt                                                                81,457                 94,489
                                                                             ---------              ---------
              Total liabilities                                                315,741                272,694
  Stockholders' Equity
    Preferred stock                                                                 --                     --
    Common stock                                                                   151                     47
    Paid-in capital                                                            124,089                 34,006
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                         (887)                  (356)
     Retained earnings                                                          49,590                 29,359
     Less treasury stock                                                        (5,546)                (5,546)
                                                                             ---------              ---------
      Total stockholders' equity                                               167,397                 57,510
                                                                             ---------              ---------
      Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                             $ 483,138              $ 330,204
                                                                             =========              =========
</TABLE>

Preferred stock has no par value; 1 million shares are authorized. At June 30,
2002 and 2001, no shares were issued or outstanding.

Common stock has a par value of $.01 per share; 25 million shares are
authorized; 15,146,602 and 9,416,062 shares were issued at June 30, 2002 and
2001, respectively. At June 30, 2002, 14,553,802 shares were outstanding and
592,800 shares were held in treasury. At June 30, 2001, 8,823,262 shares were
outstanding and 592,800 shares were held in treasury.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.


                                       19

<PAGE>


                        D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands, except per share data)                                       For the Years Ended
                                                      -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      JUNE 30, 2002           JUNE 30, 2001           JUNE 30, 2000
                                                      -------------           -------------           -------------
<S>                                                   <C>                     <C>                     <C>
Net Sales                                              $ 2,453,748             $ 1,645,993             $ 1,458,047
Cost of Sales                                            2,350,917               1,577,169               1,401,625
                                                       -----------             -----------             -----------
  Gross profit                                             102,831                  68,824                  56,422
Depreciation and Amortization                                4,453                   3,428                   3,118
Operating Expenses                                          52,039                  38,450                  31,005
                                                       -----------             -----------             -----------
  Income from operations                                    46,339                  26,946                  22,299
                                                       -----------             -----------             -----------
Other Income (Expense):
  Interest expense                                         (10,386)                (13,311)                (10,643)
  Interest income                                              667                   1,352                   1,007
  Equity in net income of PBI                                   --                     607                     634
  Other, net                                                  (710)                   (563)                    102
                                                       -----------             -----------             -----------

                                                           (10,429)                (11,915)                 (8,900)
                                                       -----------             -----------             -----------
  Income before income tax provision
     and minority interest                                  35,910                  15,031                  13,399
Income Tax Provision                                       (14,113)                 (5,887)                 (5,200)
Minority Interest                                             (738)                     --                      --
                                                       ===========             ===========             ===========
  Net income                                           $    21,059             $     9,144             $     8,199
                                                       ===========             ===========             ===========


Basic Earnings Per Share                               $      1.48             $      1.08             $      0.97
                                                       ===========             ===========             ===========

Diluted Earnings Per Share                             $      1.42             $      1.01             $      0.92
                                                       ===========             ===========             ===========
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.



                                       20
<PAGE>



                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

(in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  ACCUMULATED
                                                                                     OTHER
                                                             COMMON     PAID-IN   COMPREHENSIVE  RETAINED    TREASURY
                                                             STOCK      CAPITAL       LOSS       EARNINGS      STOCK        TOTAL
                                                             -----      -------       ----       --------      -----        -----
<S>                                                        <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1999                                   $      44   $  29,555   $      --    $  12,232    $    (944)   $  40,887
    Net Income                                                    --          --          --        8,199        8,199
    Stock options exercised, including tax benefit                 1         780          --           --           --          781
    Treasury stock acquired                                       --          --          --           --       (4,602)      (4,602)
                                                           ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2000                                          45      30,335          --       20,431       (5,546)      45,265
    Comprehensive income:
        Net income                                                --          --          --        9,144           --        9,144
       Change in value of cash flow hedge, net of $227 tax
                   benefit                                        --          --        (356)          --           --         (356)
                                                                                                                          ---------
            Total comprehensive income                                                                                        8,788
    Stock options exercised, including tax benefit                 2       3,671          --           --           --        3,673
    Dividends paid ($0.05/share)                                  --          --          --         (216)          --         (216)
                                                           ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2001                                   $      47   $  34,006   $    (356)   $  29,359    $  (5,546)   $  57,510
                                                           ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
    Comprehensive income:
        Net income                                                --          --          --       21,059           --       21,059
       Change in value of cash flow hedge, net of $347 tax
                   benefit                                        --          --        (531)          --           --         (531)
                                                                                                                          ---------
            Total comprehensive income                                                                                       20,528
    Secondary stock offering                                      24      76,838          --           --           --       76,862
    Shares issued upon acquisition of PBI                          2       6,905          --           --           --        6,907
    Stock options exercised, including tax benefit                 3       6,340          --           --           --        6,343
    Stock split in the form of a stock dividend                   75          --          --          (75)          --           --
    Dividends paid ($0.0525/share)                                --          --          --         (753)          --         (753)
                                                           ---------   ---------   ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2002                                   $     151   $ 124,089   $    (887)   $  49,590    $  (5,546)   $ 167,397
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.



                                       21
<PAGE>


                          D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                                  For the Years Ended
                                                                             -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             JUNE 30, 2002        JUNE 30, 2001        JUNE 30, 2000
                                                                             -------------        -------------        -------------
<S>                                                                          <C>                  <C>                  <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income                                                                    $  21,059            $   9,144            $   8,199
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
     flows from operating activities--
       Depreciation and amortization                                                4,453                3,428                3,118
       Amortization of debt issuance costs                                          1,096                1,126                  764
       Loss / (gain) from sale of assets                                              333                  (57)                 (16)
       Equity in net income of PBI                                                     --                 (607)                (634)
       Deferred income taxes                                                       (1,796)              (1,653)                 270
       Decrease (increase) in receivables, net                                     15,478               (5,577)             (15,034)
       (Increase) decrease in inventories                                        (149,204)               2,472              (36,839)
       Increase in prepaid expenses and other
         current assets                                                            (5,576)                (722)                (792)
       Increase (decrease) in accounts payable                                     56,626                7,519               (7,526)
       Increase in accrued expenses                                                 4,419                3,972                  963
       Other, net                                                                  (1,800)                 925                 (427)
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------
         Net cash flows from operating activities                                 (54,912)              19,970              (47,954)
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                     961               (9,037)                  --
  Investment in other assets                                                         (200)                (650)                (804)
  Cash dividend from PBI                                                               --                  450                  350
  Purchases of property and equipment                                              (3,445)              (3,450)              (3,270)
  Proceeds from sale of assets                                                        543                   57                   16
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------
         Net cash flows from investing activities                                  (2,141)             (12,630)              (3,708)
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
    Borrowings under revolving line of credit                                     896,667              662,183              538,303
    Repayments under revolving line of credit                                    (912,752)            (667,023)            (479,767)
    Proceeds from secondary stock offering                                         76,862
    Proceeds from equipment loan                                                       --                   --                  965
    Payments of long-term debt                                                       (757)                 (17)                (283)
    Payments of capital lease obligations                                            (236)                (286)                (118)
    Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                         2,260                2,349                  399
    Payment of dividends                                                             (753)                (216)                  --
    Purchase of treasury stock                                                         --                   --               (4,602)
    Payments of deferred debt costs                                                    --                 (475)                (282)
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------
       Net cash flows from financing activities                                    61,291               (3,485)              54,615
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------
       Increase in cash                                                             4,238                3,855                2,953
Cash, beginning of period                                                           7,516                3,661                  708
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------
Cash, end of period                                                             $  11,754            $   7,516            $   3,661
                                                                                ---------            ---------            ---------

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
  Cash paid during the period for--
       Interest                                                                 $   9,258            $  12,139            $  10,499

       Income taxes, net                                                        $  11,076            $   7,168            $   3,698
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.



                                       22
<PAGE>


                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all divisions and
wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
(the Company). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are
eliminated.

Fiscal Year

The Company's fiscal year end is June 30. References to years relate to fiscal
years rather than calendar years unless otherwise stated.

Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company is a full-service, regional wholesale drug distributor. From
facilities in Missouri, Kentucky, Minnesota, South Dakota and Florida, the
Company distributes a broad range of pharmaceutical products, health and beauty
aids and related products to its customers in more than 24 states. The Company
is focused on serving the unique needs of independent and regional pharmacies
and have structured its business and operating model to be able to do this in an
efficient and profitable manner.

In 2002, sales to one customer represented approximately 24% of total net sales.
In 2001, sales to one customer represented approximately 16% of total net sales.
In 2000, sales to one customer represented approximately 18% of total net sales.
The supply contracts with two customers (including the Company's then largest
customer), representing approximately 23% of fiscal 2000 sales, were terminated
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when products are shipped or services are provided to
customers. Shipping and handling costs associated with the shipment of goods are
recorded as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.

During 2002, 2001 and 2000, the Company had $70.5 million, $85.1 million, and
$46.8 million, respectively, of "dock-to-dock" sales, which are excluded from
net sales due to the Company's policy of recording only the commission on such
transactions as a reduction against cost of goods sold in the consolidated
statements of operations. Dock-to-dock sales represent large volume sales of
pharmaceuticals to major self-warehousing retail chain pharmacies whereby the
Company acts as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products
to the customers' warehouses.

Restricted Cash

Restricted cash of $11.8 million and $7.5 million, respectively, at June 30,
2002 and June 30, 2001, represents cash receipts from customers that must be
used to reduce borrowings under the revolving line of credit and are included in
cash.






                                       23
<PAGE>

Inventories

Inventories consist of pharmaceutical drugs and related over-the-counter items,
which are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the
first-in, first-out method.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation and amortization are charged to operations primarily
using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of
the various classes of assets, which vary from 2 to 30 years, or the lease term
for leasehold improvements. For income tax purposes, accelerated depreciation
methods are used. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization
is determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the related assets.

Long-Lived Assets

If facts and circumstances suggest that a long-lived asset, including intangible
assets, may be impaired, the carrying value is reviewed. If this review
indicates that the carrying value of the asset will not be recovered, as
determined based on projected undiscounted cash flows related to the asset over
its remaining life, the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated
fair value. See Note 16 regarding implementation of SFAS No. 142.


Interest Rate Risk Management

Effective July 1, 2001, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard No. 133, "Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activities", as
amended by SFAS No. 138 "Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and
Certain Hedging Activities." Under these standards, all derivative instruments
are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet and all changes in fair value
are recorded to earnings or to stockholders' equity through other comprehensive
income. The adoption of these standards did not have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. The Company does
not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

Income Taxes

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for estimated future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective basis
for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured and
recorded using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled.

Book Overdrafts

Accounts payable includes book overdrafts (outstanding checks) of $17.1 million
and $10.6 million at June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001, respectively.

Stockholders' Equity

Treasury Stock. In May 1999, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of
up to 600,000 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock. The shares were
acquired in the open market during the twelve-month period from the date of
authorization. Of the 600,000 shares authorized, 592,800 shares were purchased
during the program.



                                       24
<PAGE>

Equity Offering. On July 5, 2001, the Company completed a secondary offering of
approximately 4.8 million shares of common stock with net proceeds of
approximately $77 million.

Authorization of additional shares of Common Stock. In January 2002, the Board
of Directors amended the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company to increase
the number of authorized shares of Common Stock to 25 million shares.

Stock Split. On March 13, 2002, the Company declared a two-for-one stock split
in the form of a stock dividend and distributed on April 11, 2002 to
shareholders of record on March 29, 2002. All share and per share amounts
included in the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to
retroactively reflect this stock split.

Earnings per Share

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, "Earnings per Share" (SFAS
No. 128) requires a dual presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share.
Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that would
occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or
converted into common stock. All share and per share amounts have been stated in
accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 128 (see Note 13).

NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS:

In July 2001, as part of the secondary stock offering, the Company increased its
ownership percentage in Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. (PBI) to 68% and in August
2001, our ownership percentage increased another 2%. The aggregate purchase
price was $6.9 million. The value of the 400,000 shares issued was based on the
initial price of the secondary stock offering for the first increase and the
closing price of the stock for the second increase. These additions were
accomplished with individuals converting PBI stock to shares of our common
stock. This arrangement was part of the original transaction when we acquired
our initial 50% ownership interest. This transaction was accounted for under the
purchase method of accounting. Goodwill recognized in this transaction amounted
to $10.7 million, but is not deductible for tax purposes. Intangible assets
other than goodwill recognized in this transaction amounted to $1.9 million that
have a weighted-average useful life of approximately 15 years.

On June 15, 2001, the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of
Diversified Healthcare, LLC, a pharmaceutical distribution company based in
Owensboro, Kentucky, that provides comprehensive pharmaceutical distribution
services to customers in the Midwest region. This transaction was accounted for
under the purchase method of accounting. The purchase price for this acquisition
was approximately $9.0 million, consisting of $7.5 million in cash and a $1.5
million 2-year note. Approximately $1.1 million of goodwill was recorded as part
of this transaction, which will be amortized over 25 years. Results of
operations were not significantly impacted during fiscal year 2001 as a result
of this transaction.

NOTE 3.       PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               JUNE 30, 2002               JUNE 30, 2001
                                               -------------               -------------
<S>                                            <C>                         <C>
Land                                              $    320                    $    535
Building and improvements                            2,115                       3,338
Fixtures and equipment                              15,605                      12,547
Leasehold improvements                               2,082                       2,728
Vehicles                                               518                         749
                                                  --------                    --------
                                                    20,640                      19,897
Less-Accumulated depreciation and
  amortization                                      (9,536)                     (9,032)
                                                  --------                    --------
                                                  $ 11,104                    $ 10,865
                                                  ========                    ========
</TABLE>


Total depreciation and amortization relating to property and equipment was $2.1
million in 2002, $1.6 million in 2001, and $1.2 million in 2000. The Company
leases certain properties under capital leases. Capital lease asset balances


                                       25
<PAGE>

consist of buildings of $1.3 million and $1.8 million as of June 30, 2002 and
2001, respectively. Related accumulated amortization amounted to approximately
$358,000 and $345,000 respectively.

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN PBI:

In November 1995, the Company purchased approximately 50% of the capital stock
of Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. ("PBI"), a Colorado-based group purchasing
organization. Pursuant to the transaction, the Company acquired approximately
50% of the voting and non-voting common stock of PBI for $3.75 million in cash.
The Company's investment in PBI was accounted for under the equity method until
July 2001 at which time an additional 18% ownership interest was acquired and
consolidated PBI for financial reporting purposes. See Note 2 for further
discussion of the additional ownership.

The Company's equity in the net income of PBI totaled $607,000 and $634,000,
respectively, for 2001 and 2000, which is net of amortization of goodwill
associated with its investment in PBI of $276,000 for each of these years. The
PBI goodwill was amortized using the straight-line method over a period of 25
years. During 2001 and 2000, the Company received cash dividends of $450,000 and
$350,000 from PBI, which were recorded as a reduction in the carrying amount of
the investment.

Summarized balance sheet information for PBI for its fiscal year ended December
31, 2001 and information for the periods ended June 30, 2002 and 2001 included
(in millions) (June 30, 2002 amounts were included in the consolidated results
of the Company):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    JUNE 30, 2002          DECEMBER 31, 2001          JUNE 30, 2001
                                    -------------          -----------------          -------------
                                                                                       (unaudited)
<S>                                 <C>                    <C>                        <C>
      Current assets                     $ 3.5                   $ 3.4                     $ 2.9
      Non-current assets                   0.5                     0.5                       0.6
      Current liabilities                  1.5                     1.6                       1.7
      Non-current liabilities              2.5                     2.5                       3.4
</TABLE>

Summarized income statement information for PBI for its fiscal year ended
December 31, 2001 and information for the six months ended June 30, 2002, 2001
and 2000 included (in millions) (June 30, 2002 amounts were included in the
consolidated results of the Company):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     SIX MONTHS ENDED (unaudited)
                              12 MONTHS ENDED           12 MONTHS ENDED         --------------------------------------
                               JUNE 30, 2002           DECEMBER 31, 2001          JUNE 30, 2001         JUNE 30, 2000
                               -------------           -----------------          -------------         -------------
<S>                           <C>                      <C>                       <C>                   <C>
Net revenue                        $ 7.5                     $ 6.7                    $ 3.0                 $ 2.9
Net income                           2.4                       2.1                      0.8                  0.8
</TABLE>

In connection with its investment in PBI, the Company entered into an agreement
pursuant to which MassMutual is entitled to exchange its capital stock of PBI
with the Company at fair market value. The Company has the right, and it is
their intention, to satisfy this exchange with cash. If the Company elects not
to satisfy the exchange with cash, the Company could satisfy the exchange with
shares of its common stock, in which case MassMutual would have certain
registration rights.

Certain other shareholders of PBI had the option to exchange their combined 20%
ownership interests in PBI for shares of the Company's common stock under the
terms of the original purchase agreement. Those options were determined to be
dilutive in 2001 and 2000 and are included in the reconciliation of the basic
and the diluted earnings per share computation (See Note 13). See Note 2
regarding the conversion of these interests into the Company's stock during
fiscal 2002.



                                       26
<PAGE>

NOTE 5. INTANGIBLE ASSETS:

Intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            JUNE 30, 2002    JUNE 30, 2001
                                                                            -------------    -------------
<S>                                                                         <C>              <C>
              Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of $8,472 and           $51,131          $41,979
                           $6,292, respectively
               Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization           1,965               --
                           of $149
                                                                            ------------     ------------
                                                                                $53,096          $41,979
                                                                             ===========     ============
</TABLE>

The goodwill is being amortized using the straight-line method over periods of 5
to 40 years. Amortization of goodwill totaled $2.2 million in 2002, $1.9 million
in 2001, and $1.8 million in 2000. Other intangible assets, which primarily
represent valued placed on supplier and customer relationships, are being
amortized using the straight-line method over periods of 5 to 15 years with an
approximate weighted-average amortization period of 13.5 years. Amortization of
intangible assets totaled $0.1 million in 2002 and is estimated to remain
approximately the same for the next five years. Other intangible assets not
subject to amortization total $0.2 million. Goodwill related to the Wholesale
drug distribution segment, net of amortization, was $38.3 and $39.3 million as
of June 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively. Goodwill related to the Company's other
segments, which are combined for reporting purposes, amounted to $12.8 million
and $2.7 million as of June 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively. Other intangible
assets related to the Wholesale drug distribution segment, net of amortization,
were $0.2 as of June 30, 2002. Other intangible assets related to the Company's
other segments amounted to $1.7 million as of June 30, 2002. The Company adopted
SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" effective July 1, 2002. See
Note 16 for further discussion on the impact of the adoption of this statement.


NOTE 6. LONG-TERM DEBT:

Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           JUNE 30, 2002        JUNE 30, 2001
                                                           -------------        -------------
<S>                                                        <C>                  <C>
Revolving line of credit with banks                          $ 77,993              $ 93,151
Other, including capital lease obligations                      5,734                 1,658
                                                             --------              --------
                                                               83,727                94,809
Less--Current maturities                                       (2,270)                 (320)
                                                             --------              --------
                                                             $ 81,457              $ 94,489
                                                             ========              ========
</TABLE>


As of June 30, 2002, the revolving line of credit had a maximum borrowing
capacity of $150 million, expiring in August 2005. Under the loan agreement, the
total amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding at any time may not
exceed the lesser of an amount based on percentages of eligible inventories (the
borrowing base formula), or our maximum borrowing capacity under this agreement
but may not be less than $20 million. The advances currently bear interest at a
base rate of the London Interbank Offering Rate (LIBOR) plus 1.75%, or at the
prime rate plus 0.25% per annum payable monthly. The Company was required to pay
annual facility fees of $807,000 and $521,323, respectively, in 2002 and 2001.
At June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001, the borrowing base formula amounted to
$241.4 million and $132.2 million, respectively. At June 30, 2002 and June 30,
2001, the unused portion of the line of credit amounted to $71.3 million and
$56.9 million, respectively. The agreement expires August 7, 2005, and,
therefore, the related debt has been classified as long-term. The revolving line
of credit is secured by eligible inventories. In July 2002, this agreement was
amended to increase the maximum borrowing capacity to $200 million.

The Company is required under the terms of its debt agreements to comply with
certain financial covenants, including those related to interest coverage ratios
and cash flow to fixed charges ratios. The Company also is limited in its
ability





                                       27
<PAGE>

to make loans and investments, enter into leases, or incur additional debt,
among other things, without the consent of its lenders. The Company is in
compliance with its debt covenants as of June 30, 2002.

In June 2000, the Company entered into a $965,000 equipment financing
arrangement with a five-year term ending July 2005. The arrangement provides for
monthly payments bearing interest at LIBOR plus 1.95%. This arrangement is
secured by the equipment purchased with the proceeds.

At June 30, 2002, maturities of long-term debt, including capital lease
obligations, were as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       FISCAL YEAR ENDING JUNE 30,
                       ---------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>
                                   2003                          $ 2,270
                                   2004                            1,360
                                   2005                            1,383
                                   2006                           78,676
                                   2007                               38
                                                                 -------
                                                                 $83,727
                                                                 =======
</TABLE>


At June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001, the fair value of long-term debt
approximated its current carrying value.

NOTE 7. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE SECURITIZATION:

During 1999, the Company and its wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary
("Seller") established an accounts receivable securitization program. Under the
program, undivided interests in a pool of eligible trade receivables that have
been sold on a non-recourse basis by the Company to the Seller are then sold to
a multi-seller, asset backed commercial paper conduit ("Conduit"). Purchases by
the Conduit are financed with the sale of highly rated commercial paper. The
Company utilizes proceeds from the sale of its accounts receivable to repay
long-term debt, effectively reducing its overall borrowing costs. Funding costs
under this program are 4.85% on the first $50 million with the rate on the
excess amounts equal to the commercial paper rate. Certain program fees total an
additional 0.75%. At June 30, 2002, the securitization program had a maximum
capacity of $150 million which expires in August 2005. The funding cost of the
securitization program for fiscal year 2002 and 2001 was $4.2 million and $6.0
million, respectively. In August 2002, this program was amended to increase the
maximum capacity to $200 million.

Under the provisions of SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities," (as amended by SFAS No.
140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities") the securitization transactions have been
recorded as sales, with those accounts receivable sold to the Conduit removed
from the consolidated balance sheet. The amount of undivided interests in
accounts receivable sold to the Conduit were $120.0 and $110.0 million at June
30, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

The Seller is a separate legal entity from the Company. The Seller's assets are
available first and foremost to satisfy the claims of its creditors. Eligible
receivables, as defined in the securitization agreement, consist of trade
receivables from our subsidiaries, excluding non-pharmaceutical receivables,
reduced for certain items, including past due balances and concentration limits.
Of the eligible pool of receivables contributed to the Seller, undivided
interests in only a portion of the pool are sold to the Conduit. The Seller's
interest in these receivables is subordinate to the Conduit's interest in the
event of default under the securitization agreement. The portion of eligible
receivables not sold to the Conduit remains an asset of the Seller ($31.7
million as of June 30, 2002).

NOTE 8. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS:

In June, 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which was
amended by SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133", which
was required to be adopted in years beginning after June 15, 2000. Accordingly,
the Company adopted the provisions of this standard on July 1, 2000, resulting
in an increase in stockholders' equity of approximately $69,000. At June 30,
2001, the Company had recorded short-term liabilities of approximately $90,000
and long-term liabilities of approximately $640,000 relating to derivative
instruments. At June 30, 2002, the Company had recorded long-term liabilities of
approximately $1,461,000 related to the interest rate swap.



                                       28
<PAGE>

Through an interest rate swap agreement, the Company effectively fixed the
interest rate on $20 million of our revolving line of credit at a nominal rate
of 6.19%. This interest rate derivative instrument has been designated as a cash
flow hedge. Such instruments are those that effectively convert variable
interest payments on debt instruments into fixed payments. For qualifying
hedges, SFAS No. 133 and No. 138 allow derivative gains and losses to offset
related results on hedged items in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company formally documents, designates and assesses the effectiveness of
transactions that receive hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of
interest rate agreements designated as hedging instruments of the variability of
cash flows associated with floating-rate debt obligations are reported in
accumulated other comprehensive loss. During fiscal 2002 and 2001, approximately
$531,000 (net of $347,000 of tax) and $356,000 (net of $227,000 of tax), was
recorded as other comprehensive loss, respectively. No gain or loss representing
the ineffectiveness of the cash flow hedge was recognized in other expense, as
this derivative instrument represents a perfect hedge.

NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

The Company leases office and warehouse space and other equipment through
noncancelable operating leases. Rental expense under operating leases was $2.9
million, $2.3 million, and $1.9 million in 2002, 2001, and 2000, respectively.
Minimum rental payments under these leases with initial or remaining terms of
one year or more at June 30, 2002, are $11.9 million and payments during the
succeeding five years are: 2003, $3.6 million; 2004, $2.6 million; 2005, $2.2
million; 2006, $2.1 million; 2007, $1.2 million; and thereafter $0.2 million.

In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to financial
instruments with off-balance-sheet risk, such as bank letters of credit and
other guarantees, which are not reflected in the accompanying balance sheets.
Such financial instruments are to be valued based on the amount of exposure
under the instrument and the likelihood of performance being required. In the
Company's past experience, virtually no claims have been made against these
financial instruments. Management does not expect any material losses to result
from these off-balance-sheet instruments and, therefore, is of the opinion that
the fair value of these instruments is zero.

There are various pending claims and lawsuits arising out of the normal course
of the Company's business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of
these claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the
financial position or results of operations of the Company.

NOTE 10. STOCK OPTIONS:

In 1992, the Company adopted a Long-Term Incentive Plan that authorized the
Stock Option and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the
Committee) to grant key employees and officers of the Company incentive or
non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares,
restricted shares and performance units. Options to purchase up to 400,000
shares of common stock were authorized under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. The
Committee determines the price (which may not be less than fair market value on
the date of grant) and terms at which awards may be granted, along with the
duration of the restriction periods and performance targets. In 1999, the
Company's shareholders approved an Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan
(Long-Term Incentive Plan) that increased the number of shares available for
grant to 1,700,000 shares. Stock options granted under the Long-Term Incentive
Plan are not exercisable earlier than six months from the date of grant (except
in the case of death or disability of the employee holding the same), nor later
than ten years from the date of grant.

In February 1993, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the D&K
Wholesale Drug, Inc. 1993 Stock Option Plan (the 1993 Plan) to grant key
employees of the Company non-qualified stock options to purchase up to 700,000
shares of the Company's common stock. The 1993 Plan is administered by the
Company's Board of Directors, which determines the price and terms at which
awards may be granted. Stock options granted under the 1993 Plan are immediately
exercisable from the date of grant and expire not later than ten years from the
date of grant. The exercise price of all options granted pursuant to the 1993
Plan was equal to the fair market value of stock on the respective dates of
grant.

In November 2001, the Board of Directors adopted, and the Company's shareholders
approved, the 2001 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2001 Plan). Under the 2001
Plan, the Committee may grant to directors, officers and key employees of the
Company up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 incentive or non-qualified stock
options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted shares and
performance units. The Committee determines the price of stock options




                                       29
<PAGE>

which may not be less than the fair market value on the date of grant. Stock
options granted under the 2001 Plan vest over a three year period from the date
of grant, and may be exercised no later than five years from the date of grant.

The following tables summarize information about options at June 30, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Options Outstanding                                 Options Exercisable
                      ------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------
  Range of Exercise          Number         Weighted Average         Weighted Average   Number Exercisable   Weighted Average
      Price               Outstanding    Remaining Contractual Life   Exercise Price                          Exercise Price
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>              <C>                         <C>               <C>                   <C>
$1.6875 to $1.8750             6,250           3.88 years                $ 1.88                6,250              $ 1.88
$2.8125 to $3.3125            43,332           4.96 years                $ 3.02               43,332              $ 3.02
$5.6250  to $8.3550          543,534           8.33 years                $ 6.62              464,191              $ 6.59
$10.000 to $10.6875           51,000           8.62 years                $10.61               51,000              $10.61
$20.6550 to $30.8550         448,000           7.46 years                $24.48              310,000              $21.64
                        -----------------                                              -------------------
                           1,092,116           7.83 years                $13.96              874,773              $11.95
                        =================                                              ===================
</TABLE>

Changes in options outstanding under the Company's stock option plans are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       Weighted Average
                                                                     Number of Shares                   Exercise Price
                                                                     ----------------                   --------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                               <C>
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 1999                                               992,396                      $    5.66
   Granted 2000                                                            330,000                          10.12
   Exercised 2000                                                         (160,400)                          2.36
   Canceled 2000                                                          (643,600)                         10.20
                                                                     ------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2000                                               518,396                           3.88
   Granted 2001                                                          1,017,000                           6.81
   Exercised 2001                                                         (430,000)                          5.46
   Canceled 2001                                                           (52,000)                         10.55
                                                                     ------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2001                                             1,053,396                           5.69
   Granted 2002                                                            477,000                          24.09
   Exercised 2002                                                         (424,946)                          4.75
   Canceled 2002                                                           (13,334)                          6.50
                                                                     ------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2002                                             1,092,116                      $   13.96
                                                                         =========
</TABLE>

Stock options exercisable at June 30, 2002, June 30, 2001, and June 30, 2000
were 874,773, 857,396, and 498,396, respectively, with a weighted average
exercise price of $11.95, $5.18, and $3.71, respectively. Shares available to be
granted at June 30, 2002, June 30, 2001, and June 30, 2000 were 841,000,
212,138, and 564,938, respectively.

In accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" (SFAS 123), the Company has
elected to account for its stock-based compensation plans under Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees."
Accordingly, no compensation expense has been recognized in the consolidated
financial statements for the stock option plans. If the Company had elected to
recognize compensation expense based upon the fair value of the options granted
at the grant date as prescribed by SFAS 123, pro forma net income and earnings
per share would have been as follows (in thousands, except per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2002               2001               2000
                                                         ----               ----               ----
<S>                                                 <C>                 <C>                 <C>
              Net income - as reported              $   21,059          $    9,144          $    8,199
              Net income  - pro forma               $   19,000          $    7,496          $    7,579
              Earnings per share:
                  Basic - as reported               $     1.48          $     1.08          $     0.96

                  Basic - pro forma                 $     1.33          $     0.88          $     0.90
                  Diluted - as reported             $     1.42          $     1.01          $     0.92
                  Diluted - pro forma               $     1.29          $     0.83          $     0.85
</TABLE>

The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of the grant using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the following weighted-average
assumptions:



                                       30
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2002             2001            2000
                                                           ----             ----            ----
<S>                                                     <C>              <C>              <C>
              Risk free interest rates                     4.19%           4.81%            6.30%
              Expected life of options                   5.0 years       5.0 years        5.0 years
              Volatility of stock price                     43%             46%              42%
              Expected dividend yield                     0.002%           0.01%             N/A
              Fair value of options granted               $10.50           $2.99            $5.18
</TABLE>

NOTE 11. INCOME TAXES:

The components of the income tax provision were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2002              2001             2000
                                               ----              ----             ----
<S>                                          <C>                <C>            <C>
Current tax provision                        $ 15,909           $  7,540       $  4,893
Deferred tax provision                         (1,796)            (1,653)           307
                                             --------           --------       --------
Income tax provision                         $ 14,113           $  5,887       $  5,200
                                             ========           ========       ========
</TABLE>

The actual income tax provision differs from the expected income tax provision,
computed by applying the U.S. statutory Federal tax rates of 35.0%, 34.3%, and
34.1% in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, to income before income tax
provision, as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2002              2001                2000
                                                                                       ----              ----                ----
<S>                                                                                  <C>                <C>                 <C>
Expected income tax provision                                                        $12,569            $ 5,156             $ 4,570
Amortization of intangible assets not deductible for
      income tax purposes                                                                120                210                 203
Equity in net income of PBI not taxable for income
      tax purposes                                                                        --               (242)               (248)
State income taxes, net of Federal benefit                                             1,276                531                 569
Other, net                                                                               148                232                 106
                                                                                     -------            -------             -------
                                                                                     $14,113            $ 5,887             $ 5,200
                                                                                     =======            =======             =======
</TABLE>

At June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001, the tax effects of temporary differences
that give rise to significant portions of the Company's deferred tax assets and
liabilities are as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                2002                 2001
                                                                ----                 ----
<S>                                                          <C>                    <C>
Deferred tax assets:
   Allowance for doubtful accounts                           $   473                 $   739
   Accrued expenses                                            1,450                     986
   Capital lease obligations                                     112                     112
   Inventories                                                 1,048                     830
   Net operating loss carryforwards                              555                     555
   Items related to DHI acquisition                               --                     927
          Costs related to derivative instruments                584                      --
   Other                                                         617                     168
                                                             -------                 -------
      Total deferred tax assets                              $ 4,839                 $ 4,317
                                                             -------                 -------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Property and equipment                                    $  (256)                $  (470)
   Inventories                                                (1,831)                 (3,709)
   Intangibles                                                (1,018)                 (1,014)
   Accounts receivable                                          (156)                   (156)
   Other                                                        (930)                   (816)
                                                             -------                 -------
      Total deferred tax liabilities                         $(4,191)                $(6,165)
                                                             -------                 -------
Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities)                      $   648                 $(1,848)
                                                             =======                 =======
</TABLE>

The use of pre-acquisition operating losses is subject to limitations imposed by
the Internal Revenue Code or individual states and if not utilized by the
Company, the net operating loss carryforwards will expire beginning in 2007. The
Company believes that the net deferred tax assets are fully recoverable.


                                       31
<PAGE>
NOTE 12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) plan covering substantially all of
its employees. Plan participants may contribute up to 20% of their annual
compensation, subject to certain limitations. The Company contribution is
discretionary and was equivalent to 50% of employees' contributions up to a
maximum contribution based on 6% of eligible compensation. Expenses related to
the plan were $260,000 in 2002, $234,000 in 2001, and $176,000 in 2000. Jewett
Drug Company (Jewett) has a defined contribution 401(k)/profit sharing plan
covering substantially all of its employees. Jewett made a discretionary
contribution of $100,000 to this plan in 2002 and 2001. Jewett also participates
in the Central States Pension, a multi-employer pension plan, on behalf of its
union employees in accordance with the union agreement. The expenses relating to
this plan during 2002 and 2001 were approximately $21,000 and 23,000,
respectively.

The Company also has an executive retirement benefit plan, implemented in 1998,
that provides supplemental pre-retirement life insurance plus supplemental
retirement income to key executives. The life insurance benefit is calculated at
three times the participant's annual salary. The retirement income benefit is
provided through discretionary contributions to each participant's account,
which vest 20% annually and are fully vested upon attaining age 65. Upon
retirement, the accumulated account balance is paid to the participant over 15
years in quarterly benefit payments. The Company's expense related to the plan
was $75,000 in 2002, $241,000 in 2001, and $213,000 in 2000. In July 2002, this
plan was terminated with participants receiving their vested retirement income
benefit balance in the plan. There was no income statement impact as a result of
this termination. The life insurance benefit will continue for each participant.

NOTE 13. EARNINGS PER SHARE:

SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share", requires dual presentation of basic and
diluted earnings per share and requires reconciliation of the numerators and
denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation. The
reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted
earnings per common share computations are as follows (in thousands, except for
shares and per share amounts):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                2002
                                                ------------------------------------
                                                   Income      Shares      Per-Share
                                                (Numerator) (Denominator)    Amount
                                                ----------- -------------    ------
<S>                                             <C>         <C>            <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
  Net income available to common shareholders   $   21,059    14,246,751   $   1.48

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
  Options and warrants                                  --       419,852
  Convertible securities                              (169)       11,178
                                                ------------------------

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
  Net income available to common shareholders
        plus assumed conversions                $   20,890    14,677,781   $   1.42
                                                ------------------------

<CAPTION>

                                                                  2001
                                                  -----------------------------------
                                                     Income      Shares     Per-Share
                                                  (Numerator) (Denominator)   Amount
                                                  ----------- -------------   ------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>           <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
  Net income available to common shareholders      $   9,144   8,478,198     $  1.08

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
  Options and warrants                                    --     253,316
  Convertible securities                                  95     400,000
                                                   ---------------------

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
  Net income available to common shareholders
       plus assumed conversions                    $   9,239   9,131,514     $  1.01
                                                   ---------------------

</TABLE>






                                       32
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  2000
                                                  -----------------------------------
                                                     Income      Shares     Per-Share
                                                  (Numerator) (Denominator)   Amount
                                                  ----------- -------------   ------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>           <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
  Net income available to common shareholders      $   8,199   8,481,902     $  0.97

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
  Options and warrants                                    --     217,850
  Convertible securities                                 152     400,000
                                                   ---------------------

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
  Net income available to common shareholders
      plus assumed conversions                     $   8,351   9,099,752     $  0.92
                                                   ---------------------
</TABLE>


NOTE 14. EFFECT OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS:

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued SFAS No. 141, "Business
Combinations." SFAS No. 141 requires that all business combinations initiated
after June 30, 2001 be accounted for under the purchase method and addresses the
initial recognition and measurement of goodwill and other intangible assets
acquired in a business combination. SFAS 141 is effective for all business
combinations completed after June 30, 2001. See Note 2 of our consolidated
financial statements.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets." Under the new standard, we will no longer be required
or permitted to amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite
lives reflected on the balance sheet. We will, however, be required to evaluate
these items reflected on the balance sheet to determine whether they are
impaired under the guidelines of the standard. Other intangible assets with
definite lives will continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives.
We adopted SFAS No. 142 as of July 1, 2002. The impact of this adoption is
explained in Note 16 of our consolidated financial statements.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued SFAS No. 143, "Asset
Retirement Obligations" in June 2001. SFAS 143 provides guidance on accounting
and reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible
long-lived assets and associated retirement costs. We adopted this statement in
fiscal 2002, and it did not affect our consolidated financial position.

In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-lived Assets", which supersedes SFAS 121, "Accounting for
Long-lived Assets and for Long-lived Assets to be Disposed Of", and Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 30, "Reporting the Results of Operations -
Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary,
Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions". SFAS 144
establishes a single accounting model, based on the framework established in
SFAS 121, for long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale. We are in the process
of evaluating the adoption of this standard, but do not believe it will have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

The FASB issued SFAS No. 145, "Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44, and 64,
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections." This statement
updates, clarifies and simplifies existing accounting pronouncements related to
accounting for gains and losses from the extinguishments of debt and accounting
for certain lease modifications. We are in the process of evaluating the
adoption of this standard, but do not believe it will have a material impact on
our consolidated financial statements.

The FASB issued SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or
Disposal Activities." This statement addresses the accounting for costs
associated with disposal activities covered by SFAS No. 144 or with exit
activities previously covered by EITF 94-3. This statement will be applied
prospectively to any exit or disposal activities that we initiate after December
31, 2002.



                                       33
<PAGE>


NOTE 15. BUSINESS SEGMENTS:

SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information", establishes standards for the way public companies report
information about operating segments that is consistent with that made available
to management of the Company in allocating resources and assessing performance.

After application of the aggregation criteria, the Company has three
identifiable business segments, only one of which, Wholesale drug distribution,
meets the quantitative thresholds for separate disclosure prescribed in SFAS No.
131. This segment is described in Note 1. The Company's ownership of PBI (see
Note 4) is a second segment. Two wholly-owned software subsidiaries; Viking
Computer Services, Inc. and Tykon, Inc. constitute the third segment. Viking
markets a pharmacy management software system and Tykon developed and markets a
proprietary PC-based order entry/order confirmation system to the drug
distribution industry. These two segments are combined as Other in the table
that follows.

Though the Wholesale drug distribution segment operates from several different
facilities, the nature of its products and services, the types of customers and
the methods used to distribute its products are similar and thus they have been
aggregated for presentation purposes. During fiscal 2002, approximately 92% of
net sales were branded pharmaceuticals, 6% were generic pharmaceuticals, and 2%
were various health and beauty products. The Company operates principally in the
United States. Intersegment sales have been recorded at amounts approximating
market. Interest and corporate expenses are allocated to wholly-owned
subsidiaries only. Assets have been identified with the segment to which they
relate.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                  -------------------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS)                                    JUNE 30, 2002        JUNE 30, 2001        JUNE 30, 2000
                                                  -------------        -------------        -------------
<S>                                               <C>                  <C>                  <C>
Sales to unaffiliated customers --
               Wholesale drug distribution         $ 2,444,290          $ 1,643,594          $ 1,455,421
               Other                                     9,458                2,399                2,626
                                                   -----------          -----------          -----------
                      Total                        $ 2,453,748          $ 1,645,993          $ 1,458,047

Intersegment sales --
               Wholesale drug distribution         $        --          $        --          $        --
               Other                                     1,197                  891                  329
               Intersegment eliminations                (1,197)                (891)                (329)
                                                   -----------          -----------          -----------
                      Total                        $        --          $        --          $        --

Gross profit --
               Wholesale drug distribution         $    92,578          $    66,070          $    53,923
               Other                                    10,253                2,754                2,499
                                                   -----------          -----------          -----------
                      Total                        $   102,831          $    68,824          $    56,422

Depreciation and amortization --
               Wholesale drug distribution         $     4,107          $     3,177          $     2,884
               Other                                       346                  527                  510
               Less:  PBI amortization (1)                  --                 (276)                (276)
                                                   -----------          -----------          -----------
                      Total                        $     4,453          $     3,428          $     3,118

Interest expense -
               Wholesale drug distribution         $     9,955          $    13,148          $    10,517
               Other                                       431                  163                  126
                                                   -----------          -----------          -----------
                      Total                        $    10,386          $    13,311          $    10,643

Earnings before income tax provision -
               Wholesale drug distribution         $    31,271          $    14,150          $    12,692
               Other                                     4,639                  881                  707
                                                   -----------          -----------          -----------
                      Total                        $    35,910          $    15,031          $    13,399

</TABLE>




                                       34
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                   ---------------------------------------------
(IN THOUSANDS)                                     JUNE 30, 2002   JUNE 30, 2001   JUNE 30, 2000
                                                   -------------   -------------   -------------
<S>                                                <C>             <C>             <C>
Purchases of property and equipment -
         Wholesale drug distribution                 $     988       $     555       $   1,913
         Other                                              63              46             111
         Other unallocated Corporate amounts             2,394           2,849           1,246
                                                     ---------       ---------       ---------
              Total                                  $   3,445       $   3,450       $   3,270


Identifiable assets -
         Wholesale drug distribution                 $ 464,494       $ 316,211       $ 422,508
         Other                                           6,111           7,050          10,141
         Other unallocated Corporate amounts (2)        12,533           6,943           3,391
         Elimination of receivables from Corporate          --              --        (141,621)
                                                     ---------       ---------       ---------
              Total                                  $ 483,138       $ 330,204       $ 294,419
</TABLE>



(1)  Amortization of PBI goodwill is netted against Equity in net income of PBI
     in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2001 and 2000.
(2)  Amounts represent assets at Corporate Headquarters consisting primarily of
     deferred tax assets, property and equipment and deferred debt costs.


NOTE 16. SUBSEQUENT EVENT:

The Company adopted SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets"
effective July 1, 2002. As a result of this adoption, the Company will recognize
an impairment loss of approximately $7.0 million ($4.2 million net of tax)
during the first quarter of fiscal 2003. This will be recognized as the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle. This impairment results
from an appraisal valuation and relates to goodwill originally established for
the acquisition of Jewett Drug Co. The earnings per share impact of goodwill
amortization during fiscal 2002 was $0.08 per share.


NOTE 17. QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

Quarterly results are determined in accordance with annual accounting policies.
They include certain items based upon estimates for the entire year. Summarized
quarterly results for the last two years were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(in thousands, except per share data)                 2002 QUARTER                           2002
                                      --------------------------------------------------  ------------
                                          FIRST        SECOND       THIRD       FOURTH        YEAR
<S>                                   <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Net sales                              $  529,091   $  591,698   $  695,241   $  637,718   $2,453,748
Gross profit                               21,858       24,495       30,347       26,131      102,831
Net income                                  3,586        4,642        7,302        5,529       21,059

Basic earnings per share               $     0.26   $     0.33   $     0.51   $     0.38   $     1.48
Diluted earnings per share                   0.25         0.31         0.49         0.37         1.42


<CAPTION>

(in thousands, except per share data)                 2001 QUARTER                           2001
                                      --------------------------------------------------  ------------
                                          FIRST        SECOND       THIRD       FOURTH        YEAR
<S>                                   <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Net sales                              $  350,902   $  355,275   $  490,469   $  449,347   $1,645,993
Gross profit                               14,601       15,415       20,573       18,235       68,824
Net income                                  1,542        1,777        3,200        2,625        9,144

Basic earnings per share               $     0.18   $     0.21   $     0.38   $     0.31   $     1.08
Diluted earnings per share                   0.18         0.20         0.35         0.28         1.01

</TABLE>







                                       35
<PAGE>


Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
        Financial Disclosure


Effective June 11, 2002, the Board of Directors of the Registrant, upon
recommendation of its audit committee, dismissed Arthur Andersen LLP
("Andersen") as the Registrant's independent public accountants and engaged KPMG
LLP ("KPMG") to serve as the principal accountant to audit the Registrant's
financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2002. Andersen audited
the Registrant's financial statements for fiscal years 1999, 2000 and 2001, and
served as the Registrant's principal accountant since 1989.

In connection with its audit for fiscal years 2000 and 2001, and during the
subsequent interim period preceding the engagement of KPMG, there were no
disagreements with Andersen on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure. Andersen's report
on the financial statements for fiscal years 2000 and 2001 did not contain an
adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as
to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. During the last two fiscal
years, and during the subsequent interim period preceding the engagement of
KPMG, Andersen did not advise, and has not indicated to the Registrant that it
had reason to advise, the Registrant of any reportable event, as defined in Item
304(a) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. The Registrant requested that
Andersen furnish it with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange
Commission stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made in the Form
8-K filed on June 11, 2002. A copy of the letter from Andersen dated June 11,
2002, stating its agreement with the foregoing disclosures is filed as Exhibit
16.1 to the Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2002.

During the last two fiscal years, and during the subsequent interim period
preceding the engagement of KPMG, the Registrant had not consulted KPMG
regarding the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction,
either contemplated or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be
rendered on the Registrant's financial statements or any other matter that would
be required to be reported.






                                       36
<PAGE>


                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

         The information set forth under the captions "Election of Directors" in
the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the "2002 Proxy Statement") is incorporated herein by this reference. The
Company will file the 2002 Proxy Statement with the Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. Information
regarding executive officers is set forth in Part I of this report.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

                  The information set forth under the captions "Directors' Fees"
and "Compensation of Executive Officers" in the registrant's 2002 Proxy
Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act is incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

                  The information set forth under the captions "Voting
Securities and Principal Holders Thereof" and "Security Ownership By Management"
in the registrant's 2002 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to
Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

                  The information set forth under the caption "Certain
Transactions" in the registrant's 2002 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by this
reference.

Item 14. Controls and Procedures

            The registrant does not need to comply with the requirements of this
item until their first quarter filing for fiscal 2003, which will be their first
report for a period ending on or after August 29, 2002.


Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and Reports on
         Form 8-K

                  (a)(1) Financial statements:  See Item 8 above.


                     (2) The following financial statement schedule and
auditors' report thereon are included in Part IV of this report:
                                                                        Page
                                                                        ----
                  Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts        41

         Schedules other than those listed above have been omitted because they
are either not required or not applicable, or because the information is
presented in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

                     (3) Exhibits.

                         See Exhibit Index.

                  (b)    Reports on Form 8-K

                         On June 11, 2002, the registrant filed a Current Report
                         on Form 8-K under Item 4 that announced the change in
                         auditors for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2002.






                                       37
<PAGE>


                        On June 27, 2002, the registrant filed a Current Report
                           on Form 8-K under Item 4 that announced the change in
                           auditors for its 401-k Profit Sharing Plan and Trust
                           for the year ending December 31, 2001.



                  (c)   See Item 15(a)(3) above.

                  (d)   See Item 15(a)(2) above.




                                       38
<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                         D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.
                                                   (Registrant)


                                     By /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                                        --------------------------
                                        J. Hord Armstrong, III,
                                        Chairman of the Board,
                                        Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer
Date:  September 24, 2002

                  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Signature                           Title                                                Date
- ---------                           -----                                                ----
<S>                                 <C>                                           <C>
/s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III          Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,            September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------     Treasurer and Director
J. Hord Armstrong, III

/s/ Martin D. Wilson                President, Chief Operating Officer            September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------     and Director
Martin D. Wilson

/s/ Thomas S. Hilton                Senior Vice President, Chief Financial        September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------     Officer (Principal financial and
Thomas S. Hilton                    accounting officer)


/s/ Richard F. Ford                 Director                                      September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------
Richard F. Ford

/s/ Bryan H. Lawrence               Director                                      September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------
Bryan H. Lawrence

/s/ Robert E. Korenblat             Director                                      September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------
Robert E. Korenblat

/s/ Thomas F. Patton                Director                                      September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------
Thomas F. Patton

/s/ Louis B. Susman                 Director                                      September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------
Louis B. Susman

/s/ Harvey C. Jewett, IV            Director                                      September 24, 2002
- -------------------------------
Harvey C. Jewett, IV

</TABLE>





                                       39
<PAGE>


                                 CERTIFICATIONS



I, J. Hord Armstrong, III, certify that:


     1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of D&K Healthcare
         Resources, Inc.;


     2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this annual report;


     3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
         material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
         cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
         this annual report.


Date: September 24, 2002


                           /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                           --------------------------
                             J. Hord Armstrong, III
                       Chairman & Chief Executive Officer








I, Thomas S. Hilton, certify that:


     1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of D&K Healthcare
         Resources, Inc.;


      2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this annual report;


      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
         material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
         cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
         this annual report.


Date: September 24, 2002


                              /s/ Thomas S. Hilton
                              --------------------
                                Thomas S. Hilton
                 Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer










                                       40
<PAGE>




                D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
        SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS FOR FISCAL 2000,
                          FISCAL 2001, AND FISCAL 2002


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                Additions
                                                   ----------------------------------
                                Balance at
                               Beginning of        Charged to Costs                                               Balance at End
    Description                  Period              and Expenses        Acquisitions         Deductions             of Period
    -----------                  ------              ------------        ------------         ----------             ---------
<S>                           <C>                  <C>                  <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Valuation Allowances for
Doubtful Receivables:

Fiscal Year 2000               $ 1,142,000            $   269,000          $      --          $        --           $ 1,411,000
                               ===========            ===========          =========          ===========           ===========
Fiscal Year 2001               $ 1,411,000            $   436,000          $ 670,000          $  (320,000)          $ 2,197,000
                               ===========            ===========          =========          ===========           ===========
Fiscal Year 2002               $ 2,197,000            $   525,000          $      --          $(1,348,000)          $ 1,374,000
                               ===========            ===========          =========          ===========           ===========
</TABLE>







                                       41
<PAGE>



                                  EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit No.                      Description

2.1*              Stock Purchase and Redemption Agreement, dated as of November
                  30, 1995, by and among Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc., J. David
                  McCay, The J. David McCay Living Trust, Robert E. Korenblat
                  and the registrant filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 28, 1997.

2.2*              Stock Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 1999 by and between the
                  registrant and Harvey C. Jewett, IV, filed as an exhibit to
                  Form 8-K dated June 14, 1999.

3.1*              Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed as an exhibit to
                  registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No.
                  33-48730).

3.2*              Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of
                  Incorporation of D&K Wholesale Drug, Inc filed as an exhibit
                  to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                  ended June 30, 1998.

3.3*              Certificate of Designations for Series B Junior Participating
                  Preferred Stock of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. filed as an
                  exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                  the quarter ended March 31, 2001.

3.4*              By-laws of the registrant, as currently in effect, filed as an
                  exhibit to registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1
                  (Reg. No. 33-48730).

3.5*              Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
                  D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc., dated March 13, 2002, filed as
                  an exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
                  for the quarter ended March 31, 2002

4.1*              Form of certificate for Common Stock, filed as an exhibit to
                  registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No.
                  33-48730).

4.2*              Form of Rights Agreement dated as of November 12, 1998 between
                  registrant and Harris Trust and Savings Bank as Rights Agent,
                  which includes as Exhibit B the form of Right Certificate,
                  filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K dated November 17, 1998.

10.1*             D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc., Amended and Restated 1992
                  Long Term Incentive Plan, filed as Annex A to the registrant's
                  1999 Proxy Statement.

10.2*             D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and
                  Trust, dated January 1, 1995, filed as an exhibit to the
                  registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  March 29, 1996.

10.2a*            Amendment Number 1 to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit
                  Sharing Plan and Trust, dated December 20, 1996, filed as an
                  exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                  year ended June 30, 2000.

10.2b*            Amendment Number 2 to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit
                  Sharing Plan and Trust, dated September 17, 1997, filed as an
                  exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                  year ended June 30, 2000.

10.2c*            Resolution to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing
                  Plan and Trust, dated March 27, 2000, filed as an exhibit to
                  the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  June 30, 2000.



                                       42
<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.                        Description

10.3*             Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated as of January 16,
                  1996, by and between Morhaert Development, L.L.C. and the
                  registrant, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual
                  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 29, 1996.

10.4*             Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 7, 1998 between
                  registrant, certain of its subsidiaries and D&K Receivables
                  Corporation, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual
                  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1998.

10.5*             Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated
                  September 30, 2000, by and among Fleet Capital Corporation,
                  the registrant, Jaron Inc., and Jewett Drug Co., filed as an
                  exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                  the quarter ended September 30, 2000.

10.5a*            First Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and
                  Security Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2001, by and among
                  Fleet Capital Corporation, the registrant, Jaron, Inc, and
                  Jewett Drug Co., filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
                  2001.

10.5b*            Third Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and
                  Security Agreement, dated as of June 12,2001, by and among
                  Fleet Capital Corporation, the registrant, Jaron, Inc., and
                  Jewett Drug Co, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 14, 2001.

10.5c**           Ninth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and
                  Security Agreement, dated July 9, 2002, by and among Fleet
                  Capital Corporation, the registrant, Jaron, Inc., and Jewett
                  Drug Co, Diversified Healthcare, LLC, and Medical and Vaccine
                  Products, Inc.

10.6*             Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated
                  June 8, 2001, by and among D&K Receivables Corporation, the
                  registrant, Blue Keel Funding, LLC, Market Street Funding
                  Corporation, PNC Bank, N.A. and Fleet National Bank, filed as
                  an exhibit to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
                  dated June 14, 2001.

10.6a**           Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Receivables
                  Purchase Agreement, dated August 9, 2002, by and among D&K
                  Receivables Corporation, the registrant, Blue Keel Funding,
                  LLC, Market Street Funding Corporation, Fifth Third Bank,
                  Indiana, PNC Bank, N.A. , Fifth Third Bank, and Fleet National
                  Bank.

10.7*             Prime Vendor Agreement dated as of August 25, 1999, between
                  Tennessee Pharmacy Purchasing Alliance and the registrant,
                  filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form
                  10-K for the year ended June 30, 1999.

10.7a*            First Amendment to Prime Vendor Agreement dated effective as
                  of April 1, 2001 between The Pharmacy Cooperative formerly
                  known as Tennessee Pharmacy Purchasing Alliance and the
                  registrant filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                  Registration Statement, Amendment No. 2 to Form S-3 dated June
                  27, 2001.

10.8*             Lease Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1999, by and between BSRT
                  Lexington Trust and the registrant, filed as an exhibit to the
                  registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  June 30, 1999.

10.9*             Lease Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1997, by and between
                  Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co, filed as an
                  exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                  year ended June 30, 1999.





                                       43
<PAGE>


                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.                      Description

10.10*            First Amendment to Lease, dated as of June 1, 1999, by and
                  between Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co,
                  filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form
                  10-K for the year ended June 30, 1999.

10.11*            Lease Agreement dated as of July 1, 1997 by and between Jewett
                  Family Investments, LLC and the registrant, filed as an
                  exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                  year ended June 30, 1999.

10.12*            First Amendment to Lease, dated as of June 1, 1999, by and
                  between Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co,
                  filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form
                  10-K for the year ended June 30, 1999.

10.13*            Employment agreement for J. Hord Armstrong, III dated
                  September 15, 2000, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.

10.14*            Employment agreement for Martin D. Wilson dated August 28,
                  2000, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.

10.15*            Employment agreement for Thomas S. Hilton dated August 31,
                  2000, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.

10.16*            D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. Executive Retirement Benefit
                  Plan, dated January 1, 1998. filed as an exhibit to the
                  registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  June 30, 2000.

10.17*            D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc. 2001 Long Term Incentive
                  Plan, dated November, 2001, filed as an exhibit to the
                  registrant's 2001 Proxy Statement.

10.18**           Lease Agreement dated as of October 10, 2001 by and between
                  Forsyth Centre Associates, L.L.C., and the registrant.

10.18a**          Amendment to Lease Agreement dated February 26, 2002 by and
                  between Forsyth Centre Associates, L.L.C., and the registrant.

10.19*            Lease Agreement, dated February 7, 2001, by and between
                  Industrial Property Fund III, L.P. and the registrant, filed
                  as an exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form
                  10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001.

13**              Registrant's 2002 Annual Report to Stockholders.

21**              Subsidiaries of the registrant.

23.1**            Consent of KPMG LLP.

23.2**            Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP

*        Incorporated by reference.
**       Filed herewith.
***      Incorporated by reference. Confidential portion omitted and filed
         separately with the Commission.






                                       44

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5C
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c71930exv10w5c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED/RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.5c

                 NINTH AMENDMENT TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
                           LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

         THIS NINTH AMENDMENT TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT (this "Ninth Amendment") is made as of July 9, 2002, by and among
FLEET CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Rhode Island corporation (the "Lender"), and D&K
HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC., a Delaware corporation ("D&K"), JARON, INC., a
Florida corporation ("Jaron"), JEWETT DRUG CO., a South Dakota corporation
("Jewett"), DIVERSIFIED HEALTHCARE, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company
("DH"), and MEDICAL & VACCINE PRODUCTS, INC. d/b/a DEVICTORIA MEDICAL, a Puerto
Rico corporation ("MVP"; D&K, Jaron, Jewett, DH and MVP are sometimes
hereinafter referred to individually as "Borrower" and collectively as
"Borrowers").

                             Preliminary Statements

         A. Lender, D&K, Jaron, Jewett, DH and MVP are parties to that certain
Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 30,
2000, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2001, as amended by that
certain Second Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security
Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2001, as amended by that certain Third Amendment
to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June
12, 2001, as amended by that certain Fourth Amendment to Fifth Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2001, as amended by
that certain Fifth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security
Agreement dated as of June 29, 2001, as amended by that certain Sixth Amendment
to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September
28, 2001, as amended by that certain Seventh Amendment to Fifth Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2001, as amended
by that certain Eighth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security
Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2002 (as amended, and as hereafter amended,
restated or renewed from time to time, the "Loan Agreement"). Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in
the Loan Agreement.

         B. Borrowers and Lender have agreed to restructure and amend the Loans
and the Loan Agreement as set forth herein.

         NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

         1. Amendments to Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement and the Appendix to
the Loan Agreement are hereby amended as follows:

                  (a) Total Credit Facility. Effective July 9, 2002, the
         references to $150,000,000.00 on the cover page of the Loan Agreement
         and in the unnumbered paragraph following Section 1 are each hereby
         deleted and $200,000,000.00 is inserted therefor.

                  (b) Fee Letter. The definition of "Fee Letter" in Appendix A
         [RELATING TO GENERAL DEFINITIONS] is deleted and replaced with the
         following:

<PAGE>


                           Fee Letter - that certain fee letter from Borrowers
                  to Lender dated on or about the date of the Ninth Amendment.

                  (c) Total Credit Facility. Effective July 9, 2002, the
         definition of "Total Credit Facility" in Appendix A [RELATING TO
         GENERAL DEFINITIONS] is deleted and replaced with the following:

                           Total Credit Facility - $200,000,000.

         2. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Agreement. This Ninth
Amendment shall not be effective unless and until each of the following
conditions shall have been satisfied in Lender's sole discretion:

                  (a) Opinion of Counsel. Lender shall have received an opinion
         of counsel to Borrowers, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender,
         pursuant to which Borrowers' counsel shall opine as to, among other
         things, (i) the good standing of Borrowers, (ii) Borrowers'
         authorizations of this Ninth Amendment, (iii) the execution and
         delivery of this Ninth Amendment, and (iv) the enforceability of the
         Loan Agreement as amended by this Ninth Amendment against Borrowers.

                  (b) Resolutions of the Board or Members. Lender shall have
         received a resolution from each of the board of directors or of the
         members of each Borrower authorizing the execution and delivery of this
         Ninth Amendment.

                  (c) Officer's Certificate. Borrowers shall have delivered to
         Lender an Officer's Certificate in form and content acceptable to
         Lender, pursuant to which the chief executive officer of each Borrower
         shall have certified certain documents, instruments, agreements and
         resolutions to Lender.

                  (d) Fee Letter. Lender shall have received the Fee Letter
         executed by Borrowers and all fees and expenses which are payable
         thereunder and under the Loan Agreement.

                  (e) Amended and Restated Participation Agreement. Lender shall
         have received a Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated
         Participation Agreement, fully executed and delivered, in form and
         content acceptable to Lender, between and among Lender, U.S. Bank d/b/a
         Firstar Bank, N.A., Bank One, Kentucky, N.A., LaSalle Business Credit,
         Inc., PNC Business Credit, Inc., and Union Planters Bank, N.A.

         3. Representations and Warranties. Borrowers hereby represent and
warrant to Lender as follows:

                  (a) Recitals. The Recitals in this Ninth Amendment are true
         and correct in all respects.

                  (b) Incorporation of Representations. All representations and
         warranties of Borrowers in the Loan Agreement are incorporated herein
         in full by this reference and are true and correct as of the date
         hereof.

                  (c) Corporate Power; Authorization. Borrowers have the
         organizational power,


                                       2


<PAGE>


         and have been duly authorized by all requisite organizational action,
         to execute and deliver this Ninth Amendment and to perform the
         obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Ninth Amendment has been
         duly executed and delivered by Borrowers.

                  (d) Enforceability. This Ninth Amendment is the legal, valid
         and binding obligation of Borrowers, enforceable against Borrowers in
         accordance with its terms.

                  (e) No Violation. Borrowers' execution, delivery and
         performance of this Ninth Amendment does not and will not (i) violate
         any law, rule, regulation or court order to which Borrowers are
         subject; (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of any Borrower's
         Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, Articles of Organization or
         Operating Agreement or any agreement or instrument to which any
         Borrower is party or by which it or its properties are bound, or (iii)
         result in the creation or imposition of any lien, security interest or
         encumbrance on any property of Borrowers, whether now owned or
         hereafter acquired, other than liens in favor of Lender.

                  (f) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of Borrowers to repay
         the Loans, together with all interest accrued thereon, is absolute and
         unconditional, and there exists no right of setoff or recoupment,
         counterclaim or defense of any nature whatsoever.

         4. No Claims. Borrowers acknowledge that there are no existing claims,
defenses (personal or otherwise) or rights of set-off or recoupment whatsoever
with respect to any of the Loan Documents. Borrowers agree that this Ninth
Amendment in no way acts as a release or relinquishment of any Liens in favor of
the Lender securing payment of the Obligations.

         5. Miscellaneous. Except as expressly set forth herein, there are no
agreements or understandings, written or oral, between any Borrower and Lender
relating to the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are not fully
and completely set forth herein or therein. Except to the extent specifically
waived or amended herein or in any of the documents, instruments, or agreements
delivered in connection herewith, all terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement
and the other Loan Documents are hereby ratified and reaffirmed and shall remain
in full force and effect in accordance with the respective terms thereof. This
Ninth Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by different
parties on different counterparts. All such counterparts shall be deemed to be
original documents and together shall constitute one and the same agreement. A
signature of a party delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission
shall be deemed to be an original signature of such party.


                                       3

<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Ninth Amendment has been executed and
delivered by the duly authorized representatives of the parties as of the date
first above written.

                            FLEET CAPITAL CORPORATION



                             By: /s/ EDWARD M. BARTKOWSKI
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                Edward M. Bartkowski, Senior Vice President




                            D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.

                            By:  /s/ THOMAS S. HILTON
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Title: SR Vice President & CFO
                                 -----------------------------------------------


                            JARON, INC.

                            By:  /s/ THOMAS S. HILTON
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                            Title: Vice President
                                  ----------------------------------------------


                           JEWETT DRUG CO.


                            By: /s/ THOMAS S. HILTON
                                ------------------------------------------------
                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Title: Vice President
                                  ----------------------------------------------


                            DIVERSIFIED HEALTHCARE, LLC

                            By:  /s/ THOMAS S. HILTON
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Title: Vice President
                                  ----------------------------------------------


                           MEDICAL & VACCINE PRODUCTS, INC. d/b/a
                           DEVICTORIA MEDICAL

                            By:  /s/ THOMAS S. HILTON
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                            Title: Vice President
                                  ----------------------------------------------



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6A
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c71930exv10w6a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED/RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.6a


                     THIRD AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED
                         RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase
Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2002 (this "Amendment"), is among D&K
RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), D&K HEALTHCARE
RESOURCES, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), BLUE KEEL FUNDING, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company ("Blue Keel"), MARKET STREET FUNDING
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Market Street"), FIFTH THIRD BANK,
INDIANA, an Indiana banking corporation ("Fifth Third Indiana"; and, together
with Blue Keel, and Market Street, the "Purchasers"), PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as agent for Market Street (the
"Market Street Agent"), FIFTH THIRD BANK, an Ohio banking corporation, as agent
for Fifth Third Indiana (the "Fifth Third Agent"), and FLEET SECURITIES, INC., a
New York corporation (as assignee of Fleet National Bank), as agent for Blue
Keel (in such capacity, the "Blue Keel Agent") and as administrator for
Purchasers (in such capacity, the "Administrator").

                                   BACKGROUND

         1. Seller, Parent, Blue Keel, Market Street, the Market Street Agent,
the Blue Keel Agent and the Administrator are parties to that certain Amended
and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2001, as
amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase
Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2001, and the Second Amendment to Amended
and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2002 (the
"Receivables Purchase Agreement").

         2. The parties hereto desire to amend the Receivables Purchase
Agreement to add Fifth Third Indiana as a Purchaser and in certain other
respects as set forth herein.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the
Receivables Purchase Agreement.

         SECTION 2. Purchase Limit. Section 1.01 of the Receivables Purchase
Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the phrase: "$175,000,000 for the period
from and including January 15, 2002 to but excluding April 16, 2002 and
$150,000,000 thereafter" where it appears in clause (a) of the proviso thereto
and substituting therefor the following: "$200,000,000".

         SECTION 3. Certain Definitions. Appendix A to the Receivables Purchase
Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the definitions of "Agent",
"Commitment", and "Purchaser" in their entirety and substituting therefor the
following:

                  "Agent" means each of the Market Street Agent, the Blue Keel
         Agent and the Fifth Third Agent.


<PAGE>

                  "Commitment" means (i) with respect to Blue Keel, $75,000,000,
         (ii) with respect to Market Street, $75,000,000 and (iii) with respect
         to Fifth Third Indiana, $50,000,000.

                  "Purchaser" means each of Blue Keel, Market Street, Fifth
         Third Indiana and their successors and permitted assigns.

         The following definitions shall be added to Appendix A to the
Receivables Purchase Agreement, in the appropriate alphabetical order:

                  "Fifth Third Agent" means Fifth Third Bank, an Ohio banking
         corporation, as agent for Fifth Third Indiana.

                  "Fifth Third Indiana" means Fifth Third Bank, Indiana, an
         Indiana banking corporation.

         The definition of "Fee Letter" set forth in Appendix A to the
Receivables Purchase Agreement shall include the Fee Letter, dated as of August
9, 2002, among Seller, Parent and the Fifth Third Agent, as amended from time to
time.

         SECTION 4. Deemed Collections. Section 3.02 of the Receivables Purchase
Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the word "or" at the end of clause
(ii) of paragraph (a) thereof, (ii) adding the word "or" at the end of clause
(iii) of paragraph (a) thereof, (iii) adding a new clause to paragraph (a)
thereof as follows:

                  (iv) Seller or Servicer does not apply any payment by an
         Obligor in accordance with Section 8.06,",

(iv) deleting the word "and" at the end of clause (II) of paragraph (a), (v)
deleting the period at the end of clause (III) of paragraph (a), and
substituting therefor the word "; and", and (vi) adding a new clause at the end
of paragraph (a) as follows: "(IV) in a case of clause (iv) above, in the amount
of such misapplied payment."

         SECTION 5. Business Day. The definition of "Business Day" that appears
in Appendix A to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding
the phrase "Cincinnati, Ohio, Evansville, Indiana" after the words "Chicago,
Illinois" where they appear in clause (ii) thereof.

         SECTION 6. Majority Purchasers. The definition of "Majority Purchasers"
that appears in Appendix A to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby
amended by deleting the number "66-2/3%" where it appears therein and
substituting therefor the number "51%".

         SECTION 7. Cost of Funds. The definition of "Cost of Funds Rate" that
appears in Appendix A to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by
adding a new clause at the end thereof as follows: "and (C) with respect to
Fifth Third Indiana, a rate calculated by the Fifth Third Agent equal to the per
annum rate equivalent to the "weighted average cost" (as defined below) related
to the issuance of Fountain Square Commercial Paper Corporation's ("Fountain
Square") Commercial Paper Notes that are allocated, in whole or in part, by
Fountain


                                       2
<PAGE>

Square (or by the Fifth Third Agent) to fund or maintain such portion of Capital
(and which may also be allocated in part to the funding of other portions of
Capital hereunder or of other assets of Fountain Square); provided, however,
that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the "Cost
of Funds Rate" for such portion of Capital for such Earned Discount Period,
Fountain Square shall for such component use the rate resulting from converting
such discount rate to an interest bearing equivalent rate per annum. As used in
this definition, Fountain Square's "weighted average cost" shall consist of (x)
the actual interest rate (or discount) paid to purchasers of Fountain Square's
Commercial Paper Notes, together with the commissions of placement agents and
dealers in respect of such Notes, to the extent such commissions are allocated,
in whole or in part, to such Commercial Paper Notes by Fountain Square (or by
the Fifth Third Agent) and (y) any incremental carrying costs incurred with
respect to Fountain Square's Commercial Paper Notes maturing on dates other than
those on which corresponding funds are received by Fountain Square. In the event
that Fifth Third Indiana's portion of the Capital is funded by a conduit (the
"New Conduit") other than Fountain Square, the phrase "Fountain Square" wherever
it is used in this definition shall be replaced with the name of the New
Conduit.

         SECTION 8. Notice Address. The notice address for Fifth Third Indiana
and the Fifth Third Agent shall be as follows:

                           Gerald Slaton/Judy Huls
                           Fifth Third Bank
                           38 Fountain Square Plaza
                           MD: 1090h9
                           Cincinnati, OH 45263

                           Telephone: 513-534-8446
                           Facsimile: 513-534-0875

         SECTION 9. Addition of Fifth Third Indiana. On such Business Day as the
Agents shall mutually agree on, Fifth Third Indiana shall purchase from Market
Street and Blue Keel, and Market Street and Blue Keel shall assign to Fifth
Third Indiana (and each of them does hereby assign effective as of such date),
25% of the Asset Interest, which purchase shall be made for an amount equal to
25% of the outstanding Capital on such day. Until such purchase by Fifth Third
Indiana, Fifth Third Indiana shall have no outstanding Capital and shall not be
accruing Earned Discount until such purchase.

         SECTION 10. Assignment by Fleet National Bank. Fleet National Bank
("Fleet") hereby assigns to Fleet Securities, Inc. ("FSI"), and FSI hereby
accepts and assumes, all of Fleet's right, claims and obligations as the
Administrator and as Blue Keel Agent. From and after the date of this Amendment,
each and every reference in the Transaction Documents to the Administrator and
the Blue Keel Agent shall be deemed to be references to FSI. Fleet and the other
parties hereto hereby authorize FSI to file assignments of, and amendments to,
the UCC financing statements filed in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents in order to reflect the assignment to
FSI.




                                       3
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11. Representations and Warranties; Further Assurance. Each of
Parent and Seller hereby represents and warrants that, after giving effect to
this Amendment, (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI
of the Receivables Purchase Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date
hereof and shall be deemed to have been made on such date (except that any such
representation or warranty that is expressly stated as being made only as of a
specified earlier date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
such earlier date) and (ii) no Liquidation Event or Unmatured Liquidation Event
has occurred and is continuing. Each of Parent and Seller hereby (i) authorizes
the Administrator to file any amendments to the UCC financing statements filed
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Receivables Purchase
Agreement as the Administrator may reasonably deem appropriate to reflect the
terms of this Amendment and (ii) agrees to promptly deliver such certificates,
opinions and other documents as the Administrator or any Agent may request in
connection with this Amendment.

         SECTION 12. Miscellaneous. The Receivables Purchase Agreement, as
amended hereby, remains in full force and effect. Any reference to the
Receivables Purchase Agreement from and after the date hereof shall be deemed to
refer to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment
may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed
to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and
the same agreement. This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Seller, on demand, shall
pay, or reimburse the Administrator for, all of the costs and expenses,
including legal fees and disbursements, incurred by the Administrator or any
Purchaser in connection with this Amendment.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]




                                       4
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Amendment
to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the date first
above written.

                                            D&K RECEIVABLES CORPORATION


                                            By: /s/ THOMAS S. HILTON
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                                 -------------------------------
                                            Title: Vice President
                                                  ------------------------------


                                            D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.


                                            By: /s/ THOMAS S. HILTON
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                                 -------------------------------
                                            Title: Senior Vice President & CFO
                                                  ------------------------------





                                      S-1
<PAGE>

                                            BLUE KEEL FUNDING, LLC,
                                            as a Purchaser


                                            By: /s/ ANDREW M. YEARDE
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Andrew M. Yearde
                                                 -------------------------------
                                            Title: Vice President
                                                  ------------------------------






                                      S-2

<PAGE>

                                            FLEET NATIONAL BANK (for purposes of
                                            Section 10 of the foregoing
                                            amendment)


                                            By: /s/ G. ALISTER BARAZ
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: G. Alister Baraz
                                                 -------------------------------
                                            Title: Sr Vice President
                                                  ------------------------------



                                            FLEET SECURITIES, INC., as Blue Keel
                                            Agent and as the Administrator


                                            By: /s/ AMY S. ROBERTS
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Amy S. Roberts
                                                 -------------------------------
                                            Title: Managing Director
                                                  ------------------------------







                                      S-3
<PAGE>

                                            MARKET STREET FUNDING CORPORATION,
                                            as a Purchaser


                                            By: /s/ EVELYN ECHEVARRIA
                                                --------------------------------
                                            Name: EVELYN ECHEVARRIA
                                                  ------------------------------
                                            Title: VICE PRESIDENT
                                                   -----------------------------





                                      S-4
<PAGE>

                                            PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
                                            Market Street Agent


                                            By: /s/ WILLIAM P. FALCON
                                                --------------------------------
                                            Name: WILLIAM P. FALCON
                                                  ------------------------------
                                            Title: ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT
                                                   -----------------------------













                                      S-5
<PAGE>

                                            FIFTH THIRD BANK, INDIANA, as a
                                            Purchaser


                                            By: /s/ SHAWN D. HAGAN
                                                --------------------------------
                                            Name: SHAWN D. HAGAN
                                                  ------------------------------
                                            Title: VICE PRESIDENT
                                                   -----------------------------












                                      S-6
<PAGE>

                                            FIFTH THIRD BANK, as Fifth Third
                                            Agent


                                            By: /s/ ROBERT O. FINLEY
                                                ----------------------------
                                            Name: Robert O. Finley
                                                  --------------------------
                                            Title: Vice President
                                                   -------------------------










                                      S-7



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c71930exv10w18.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.18


                                 LEASE AGREEMENT



         This Lease ("Lease") is made this 10th day of October, 2001, between
Forsyth Centre Associates, L.L.C., a Missouri limited liability company
("Landlord") and D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Tenant").

                                    RECITALS

         A. Landlord is the owner of certain real property located at 8235
Forsyth Boulevard, Clayton, Missouri, the legal description of which is
contained in Exhibit "A" hereto (the "Land"). Landlord has constructed a 14
story office building upon the Land consisting of approximately 245,000 square
feet of gross floor area (the "Building"). The atrium lobby of the Building will
adjoin the existing lobby of the building located at 8182 Maryland Avenue,
Clayton, Missouri (the "Adjoining Building").

         B. Landlord has the right to use certain parking spaces within a
multi-level parking garage (the "Parking Garage") connected to the Building and
situated on certain real property which abuts the Land, the legal description of
which is contained in Exhibit "B" hereto.

         C. Landlord wishes to lease a portion of the Building to Tenant, and
Tenant wishes to lease the same from Landlord, upon the terms set forth herein.

                                    AGREEMENT

         In consideration of the foregoing, the mutual covenants herein
contained and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt, adequacy and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties by their execution
hereof), the parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                     DEMISE

         1.1 Leased Premises. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
Landlord hereby demises and leases to Tenant, and Tenant hereby leases and rents
from Landlord, the entire tenth floor of the Building consisting of
approximately 16,400 rentable square feet, a portion of the ninth floor of the
Building consisting of approximately 10,922 rentable square feet as outlined on
Exhibit 1.1 hereto, and a portion of the third floor of the Building consisting
of approximately 3,000 rentable square feet as outlined on Exhibit 1.1A hereto
on which floor Tenant's computer equipment will be located (the "Leased
Premises") (the actual rentable square feet shall be determined according to
ANSI/ BOMA Z65.1-1996 and set forth in an addendum hereto to be executed by both
parties), together with the right to use in common with the other tenants in the
Building, and their invitees, the hallways, corridors, lobbies, lavatories (on
multi-tenant floors), elevators, stairways, entrances, exits, sidewalks,
driveways, parking facilities and all other common areas and facilities
appurtenant to the Building (collectively the "Appurtenances").

         1.2 Square Footage. The rentable square footage of the Building is
217,564 square feet. The rentable square footage of the Leased Premises shall be
determined upon completion of construction



                                       1
<PAGE>

according to ANSI/BOMA Z65.1-1996 and set forth in an Addendum hereto to be
executed by both parties.

         1.3 Parking Spaces. Landlord agrees to provide to Tenant, at Tenant's
option which Tenant may amend from time to time, during the term of the Lease
(a) up to three (3) parking spaces per every 1,000 rentable square feet, five
(5) of which will be located on the main level of the Parking Garage on a
reserved basis and the balance of which will be located in the Parking Garage on
an unallocated basis (the "Parking Spaces"). Further, Landlord agrees to provide
to Tenant, during the term of the Lease, additional reserved parking spaces (the
location of which shall be determined by Landlord) for the purpose of
locating/storing Tenant's generator. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, at no time will Tenant be obliged to acquire a license for the
use of a minimum number of parking spaces. Landlord has the exclusive right to
determine which parking spaces in the Parking Garage will be Parking Spaces.
Should Tenant require parking spaces in addition to the Parking Spaces, Landlord
will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such additional parking
spaces to Tenant in the Parking Garage at the rate set forth in this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                      TERM

         2.1 Initial Term. The term of this Lease is for a period of 120 months
commencing on August 1, 2002 (the "Commencement Date"). The term of this Lease
ends (the "Expiration Date") at midnight on the last day of the tenth Lease Year
(as hereinafter defined) (the "Lease Term"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
Tenant is delayed in the completion of the Leasehold Improvements due to
interference caused by Landlord, the Commencement Date shall be postponed one
day for each day of such delay.

         2.2 Early Entry. During the 60 days prior to the Commencement Date,
Tenant, along with its contractors, may enter the Leased Premises, with no
obligation to pay rent, for the purpose of installing Tenant's furniture and
business and trade fixtures and equipment. Such installation is to be performed
in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 4.2. Such prior
occupancy by Tenant is to be arranged so as not to result in any delay in the
overall construction effort of, or additional cost to, Landlord and so as not to
create a jurisdictional dispute with any of the building trades employed by
Landlord. Tenant will not be charged for the use of elevators, hoists or
Building services during such installation work in the Leased Premises or
Tenant's actual move into the Building, unless such use results in an additional
charge to Landlord, in which case Tenant is to reimburse Landlord upon demand
the amount of the additional charge. Prior to any such early entry, Tenant must
give Landlord reasonable prior written notice, and, as a condition to such entry
by Tenant for such purposes, Tenant is to deliver to Landlord evidence that the
insurance required to be carried by Tenant pursuant to the provisions of Section
7.2 is in effect. If Tenant's prior occupancy under this Section results in a
delay in the overall construction effort of, or additional cost to, Landlord,
Landlord is to give Tenant written notice thereof, and Tenant is to, on demand,
reimburse Landlord for all such costs or damages incurred by Landlord.

         Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Leased Premises
are available for occupancy prior to August 1, 2002, Tenant may move in and
occupy the premises prior to August 1, 2002 with no obligation to pay rent and
such prior occupancy will not affect the Commencement Date.

         2.3 Lease Year. For purposes hereof, "Lease Year" means a 12 month
period the first month of which commences on (a) the Commencement Date if the
Commencement Date is the first day of a month or (b) the first day of the month
immediately following the Commencement Date if the Commencement Date is not the
first day of a month. At any time after the Commencement Date, at the request of
either party, both parties shall execute a supplemental agreement to this Lease
stating the Commencement Date and the Expiration Date.



                                       2
<PAGE>

         2.4 Option to Renew. Tenant is hereby granted the option to extend the
Lease Term for two additional terms of five years each. Such extended terms will
be on the same terms and conditions as are set forth in this Lease, except that
the Base Rent (as hereinafter defined) payable by Tenant during such extended
terms shall be equal to 95% of the prevailing fair rental which non-renewing,
non-equity tenants are then receiving in connection with the lease of comparable
space and length at Class A office space in Clayton, Missouri and constructed in
or after calendar year 2000. Fair rental shall mean and take into account in
addition the age of the building, location and floor level, definition of
rentable square footage, leasehold improvement allowances, rental concessions
and/or abatements, moving expenses, term of lease under consideration and extent
of services provided, base year operating expenses and any other relevant term
or condition in making such evaluation.

         At least nine (9) months (but no greater than 12 months) prior to the
end of the Lease Term, or, if applicable, the first extended term, Tenant shall
notify Landlord, in writing, of its desire to renew; within thirty (30) days of
receipt of such notice by Landlord, Landlord shall notify Tenant, in writing, of
Landlord's estimation of the prevailing fair rental for the Leased Premises. If,
within the next thirty (30) days, Landlord and Tenant cannot agree as to the
prevailing fair rental, then they each shall immediately select an MAI appraiser
with at least ten (10) years experience in the appraisal of office space in the
St. Louis metropolitan area. Upon selection, such appraisers shall work together
in good faith to agree upon the prevailing fair rental of the Leased Premises.
If said appraisers cannot agree within twenty (20) days after their appointment,
then, within ten (10) days after the expiration of such twenty (20) day period,
such appraisers shall select a third MAI appraiser with at least ten (10) years
of experience in the appraisal of office space in the St. Louis metropolitan
area. Once the third appraiser has been selected, then such third appraiser
shall within ten (10) days after appointment make its determination of the
prevailing fair rental amount and such determination shall be binding upon both
Landlord and Tenant as the rental rate for such extended term. The parties shall
each bear the costs of their own appraiser and shall share equally in the costs
of the third appraiser.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                      RENT

         3.1 Base Rent. During the Original Lease Term, Tenant is to pay
Landlord in advance on the first day of each calendar month as base rent for the
Leased Premises the monthly sums for each Lease Year (the "Base Rent") as set
forth in Exhibit 3.1 hereto. The base rental rate for any period of less than
one month prior to the first Lease Year is the monthly Base Rent for the first
Lease Year, calculated as set forth in the next sentence, and is included in the
term "Base Rent". Base Rent and Additional Rent (as hereinafter defined) for any
period of less than one calendar month is to be apportioned based on the number
of days in that month (with annual rent based on a 365 day year) and is payable
on the first day of that period.

         3.2 Payment of Rent. All Base Rent, Additional Rent and other payments
to be made to Landlord hereunder are payable, in legal tender, at the office of
Landlord at 8182 Maryland Avenue, Suite 307, Clayton, Missouri 63105, attention:
P.A. Novelly II, or such other place as Landlord may direct Tenant, in writing,
from time to time. Such payments are to be made without any prior demand
therefor and without any deduction or setoff whatsoever (unless specifically
authorized herein).



                                       3
<PAGE>

         3.3 Additional Rent.


                  (a) Defined. Tenant is to pay Landlord, as "Additional Rent",
any amount designated as "Additional Rent" hereunder and Tenant's Proportional
Share (as hereinafter defined) of Operating Expenses (as hereinafter defined).

                  (b) Payment of Additional Rent. Unless otherwise specifically
set forth herein, Tenant is to pay Landlord Additional Rent on the first day of
each calendar month.

                  (c) Parking Rental. For the first Lease Year, Tenant is to pay
Landlord in advance on the first day of each month as Additional Rent for each
reserved Parking Space the monthly sum of $120 and for each
unreserved/unallocated Parking Space the monthly sum of $85. After the first
Lease Year and for each Lease Year thereafter, Landlord may increase the parking
rental rate to the prevailing fair rental rate if the prevailing fair rental for
comparable parking spaces in Clayton, Missouri, increases, but in no event shall
such increase exceed $10 per Lease Year.

                  (d) Tenant's Proportional Share of Operating Expenses.


                           (i) For purposes of this Lease, "Base Year" shall
mean the calendar year 2002.




                                       4
<PAGE>

                           (ii) For purposes of this Lease, "Operating Expenses"
means the total, reasonable (commensurate with the maintenance and operation of
a first class office building) costs and expenses incurred by Landlord or paid
on behalf of Landlord (grossed up to reflect 95% occupancy) and which are
properly chargeable to the operation and maintenance of the Land and Building,
including the cost and expense of the following: (A) real estate taxes and
assessments for public improvements levied or imposed on the Land and Building
and which are payable for a tax fiscal period falling within the Lease Term; (B)
snow removal, gardening, replanting and replacing flowers and shrubbery
(Operating Expenses do not include the cost of original installations, i.e.,
landscaping and planting, but do include maintenance); (C) public liability,
property damage and fire insurance for the Building and Land; (D) repair,
maintenance, and redecorating of common areas in the Building; (E) electricity,
water, gas and other utilities (including, without limitation, all capital
expenditures intended to reduce the cost of any utilities); (F) maintenance and
repair of fixtures and replacement of bulbs; (G) maintenance and repair of
elevators and service contracts thereon; (H) sanitary control and extermination;
(I) removal of rubbish, garbage and other refuse; (J) maintenance and repair of
security systems and policing; (K) sewer charges; (L) maintenance and repair of
machinery and equipment used in the operation and maintenance of the common
areas other than the garage areas (including the costs of inspection); (M)
maintenance and repair of paving, curbs and walkways and drainage facilities;
(N) music program services and loud speaker systems; (O) operation and
maintenance of the heating, ventilating and air-conditioning systems; (P)
cleaning and janitorial services; (Q) maintenance and repair of decorations and
lavatories; (R) maintenance and repair of all doors and glass in the common
areas of the Building and roof and exterior walls and glass; (S) maintenance and
repair of the fire sprinkler systems; (T) cost of Landlord personnel directly
involved in implementing all the aforementioned (including fringe benefits,
employment taxes, and workman's compensation insurance); (U) the cost of any
capital improvements not included or accounted for in the above listings made
after the initial construction of the Building which actually reduce other
operating expenses to the extent of such savings during the term of this Lease;
and (V) a management fee at market rate not to exceed 5% of Base Rent.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Operating Expenses do
not include any of the following costs and expenses: (1) costs of capital
investment or capital improvements, including depreciation or amortization
(except as otherwise expressly provided above); (2) the cost or expense of any
work or service performed or supplied at Landlord's cost or expense for any
other tenant of the Building, to the extent Landlord is not obligated under this
Lease to similarly furnish such work or service to Tenant; (3) the cost or
expense of maintaining or operating any facility or furnishing any work or
service in any instance where such facility or work or service is made available
or furnished to Tenant hereunder at an additional charge, including overtime
HVAC and excess electric use; (4) any franchise or federal or state income taxes
based on the Land or Building or their value, (5) any item charged to Tenant
elsewhere within this Lease or to other tenants in the Building, (6) charges for
which Landlord has established a reserve but such charges have not been incurred
or paid, (7) leasing commissions, advertising and space planning expenses, (8)
salaries and other compensation paid to officers or executives of Landlord or
managing company senior to the building manager, (9) costs of enforcing
provisions of other leases in the Building, (10) interest and principal payments
on mortgage debt, or (11) repairs incurred by reason of casualty or condemnation
to the extent Landlord is compensated through insurance or otherwise.

                           (iii) From and after the Commencement Date and
throughout the balance of the Lease Term, Tenant is to reimburse (pursuant to
the terms hereof) Landlord Tenant's Proportional Share of the amount, if any, by
which Operating Expenses exceed the Base Year. Tenant's "Proportional Share" is
equal to the ratio of the rentable square footage of the Leased Premises to the
total rentable square footage of the Building (minus any square footage that
Landlord does not provide services to), adjusted from time to time, as required,
to reflect increases or decreases or adjustments in the rentable square footage
in the Leased Premises or the Building.



                                       5
<PAGE>

                           (iv) On or within ninety days after the commencement
of calendar year 2003 and each subsequent year, Landlord is to give Tenant a
detailed statement of estimated excess Operating Expenses payable hereunder for
the current year (which estimate is payable in equal monthly installments in
advance) and of actual excess Operating Expenses for the preceding year, if any.
If such statement is delivered after the first month of any such year, the
monthly installments of estimated excess Operating Expenses which have
accumulated for such year are to be paid within 20 days after such statement has
been given to Tenant.

                           (v) Upon receipt of Landlord's statement, Tenant does
hereby covenant and agree promptly to pay Tenant's Proportional Share of the
excess Operating Expenses as and when the same becomes due and payable, without
further demand therefor, and without any setoff or deduction whatsoever except
as herein expressly provided.

                           (vi) If the statement furnished by Landlord in a year
subsequent to the first day of such year shows that the estimate for the
preceding year exceeded the actual excess Operating Expenses for such year,
Landlord will at Tenant's election (which election must be made within 20 days
of receipt of such statement) forthwith pay the amount of the excess directly to
Tenant within 30 days of delivering such statement or permit Tenant to credit
the amount of the excess against the subsequent payments of rent hereunder. If
Tenant fails to make its election within such 20 day period, Tenant is deemed to
have elected to credit the amount of the excess against the subsequent payment
of rents hereunder. If, however, such statement shows that the actual excess
Operating Expenses for the preceding Operational Year exceeded the estimate for
such year, Tenant must within 30 days after Tenant receives such statement pay
the amount of such excess to Landlord.

                           (vii) Landlord will maintain or cause to be
maintained complete and accurate records and accounts in such manner and detail
as to provided a proper basis for analysis of the statements to be furnished by
Landlord. For a period of 90 days after receipt of the statement furnished
Tenant by Landlord hereunder, Tenant or its authorized representative has the
right for the purpose of verifying the information in such statement to inspect,
upon reasonable written notice, the books of Landlord during the business hours
of Landlord at Landlord's office in the Building or, at Landlord's option, at
such other location in the St. Louis metropolitan area that Landlord may
specify. Unless Tenant asserts specific error within 90 days after delivery of
such statement, the statement is deemed to be correct for all purposes hereunder
except for items of manifest error. If Landlord and Tenant do not agree as to
the amount or propriety of any item contained in such statement, the dispute is
to be referred to the local St. Louis office of an internationally recognized
accounting firm for final decision. The accounting firm is to be approved by
both Landlord and Tenant. Such accounting firm's decision is to be made within
60 days after the accounting firm is so chosen, and such decision is binding
upon both parties. If Landlord and Tenant are unable to agree on an accounting
firm within ten days after the dispute arises, each party is to choose its own
accounting firm and the two accounting firms so chosen are to choose a third
accounting firm with offices in the St. Louis metropolitan area. The third
accounting firm so chosen is to make a final decision within 30 days after being
so chosen, and such decision is binding upon both parties. Pending the receipt
of such decision and subject to adjustment and payment, refund or credit, as
appropriate, following resolution, Additional Rents, including advance,
estimated payments of such Additional Rent, are to be calculated and paid based
on Landlord's statement. The cost of the service of such accounting firms is to
be paid equally by Tenant and Landlord.

                           (iiii) The obligation of Tenant and Landlord with
respect to the payment or refund of Additional Rent hereunder survives the
termination of this Lease. Any payment, refund, or credit pursuant to this
Section is to be made without prejudice to any right of Tenant to dispute, or of
Landlord to correct, any items as billed pursuant to the provisions hereof.
Operating Expenses for any



                                       6
<PAGE>

partial year within the Lease Term are to be properly apportioned based on the
number of days of occupancy by Tenant in such partial year.

                           (ix) No decrease in Landlord's Operating Expenses
reduces Tenant's rent below the annual Base Rent.

         3.4 Past Due Rent. If Tenant fails to pay (a) Base Rent or Additional
Rent by the tenth day of the calendar month for which it is due, or (b) any
other amount or charge payable hereunder when due, interest at the per annum
rate of 12% will be charged on each unpaid amount, retroactive to the first day
of the calendar month in the case of clause (a) and from the date such amount is
due and payable in the case of clause (b).

                                   ARTICLE IV
                             USE OF LEASED PREMISES

         4.1 Use of Leased Premises. Tenant is to use the Leased Premises solely
for general office use and purposes incidental thereto. The Parking Spaces are
to be used solely for the parking of automobiles and other vehicles belonging to
Tenant's employees, customers and visitors and purposes incidental thereto.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease, Tenant may have full and
complete access to the Leased Premises and common areas of the Building at all
times. The Parking Garage will be open to the public from the hours of 7 a.m. to
7 p.m. five days per week. Tenant will be provided one access card for each of
its parking spaces utilized by Tenant's employees, which access cards will
provide Tenant with full and complete access to the Parking Garage 24 hours per
day, seven days per week. Tenant agrees to pay Landlord $20 for the replacement
of any lost access card.

         4.2 Restrictions on Use. Tenant may not use or occupy any part of the
Leased Premises for any unlawful business, use or purpose and may not commit or
allow to be committed or to exist on the Leased Premises any nuisance or other
act which violates any Applicable Law (as hereinafter defined) or which may
disturb the quiet enjoyment of any other tenant of the Building or which may
reasonably be expected to disturb or inconvenience occupants of property in
proximity to the Leased Premises. Movement in and out of the Building of
furniture or equipment, or dispatch or receipt by Tenant of any merchandise or
materials, may be done only during the hours reasonably designated by Landlord
and by means of elevators and exits reasonably designated by Landlord.

         4.3 Right of Entry. Notwithstanding Tenant's use of the Leased
Premises, Landlord or its representatives may enter the Leased Premises at any
reasonable time, upon 48 hours advance written notice to Tenant (except in the
case of an emergency in which case no notice is required), for the purpose of:
(a) inspecting the Leased Premises; (b) performing Landlord's obligations under
the Lease; (c) performing any work which Landlord elects to undertake for the
safety, preservation, benefit or welfare of the Leased Premises or other tenants
of the Building; (d) exhibiting the Building or Leased Premises for sale, lease
or financing (but in the case of leasing, only during the last 180 days of the
Tenant's occupancy of the space to be exhibited); or (e) performing any work
which Landlord elects to undertake made necessary by reason of Tenant's default
hereunder. Landlord's right of entry pursuant to this Section may not
unreasonably interrupt the conducting of Tenant's business at the Leased
Premises. Subject to Section 14.2, Landlord will promptly reimburse Tenant for
any damage to Tenant's property caused by Landlord in exercising its right of
entry under this Section, except with respect to Section 4.3(e) and except for
any damage resulting from Tenant's negligence or wilful misconduct. Landlord's
right of entry under this Section does not constitute an eviction of Tenant, in
whole or in part, and no Base Rent or other amounts payable hereunder will be
reduced or abated, in whole or in part, as a result of Landlord exercising its
right of entry hereunder. This "right of entry" is not intended, nor may it be
construed, to be limited to its technical legal meaning.



                                       7
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V
                       SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY LANDLORD

         5.1 Services Provided.


                  (a) Landlord will provide and maintain throughout the Lease
Term: (i) heating, ventilation and air-conditioning from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. on
business days and from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturdays (excluding New Year's Day,
Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day,
collectively "Legal Holidays") to maintain the Leased Premises at reasonable
temperatures for normal occupancy and use; (ii) hot and cold water and sewer
services, as applicable, for lavatory and drinking purposes; (iii) electric
current consumed by the elevator and the heating, ventilating and
air-conditioning, lighting and power systems of the Building's common areas; and
(iv) janitorial services, including window washing (inside and out) and refuse
removal for reasonable neatness and cleanliness. Landlord's base Building HVAC
systems serving the Leased Premises shall provide sufficient capacity to
maintain an inside base temperature within the Leased Premises of not more than
75 degrees Fahrenheit dry bulb when the outside temperature is not more than 95
degrees Fahrenheit dry bulb, 78 degrees Fahrenheit wet bulb and an inside
temperature of not less than 72 degrees Fahrenheit dry bulb when the outside
temperature is not less than 0 degrees Fahrenheit (dry bulb).

                  (b) Landlord will, upon request of Tenant via computer card
usage, supply heating or air-conditioning during other than the hours provided
in Section 5.1(a)(i), and Tenant will reimburse Landlord at Landlord's average
cost per kilowatt-hours of electricity consumed, without markup, it being the
intent of the parties that Landlord will not profit from such additional HVAC
usage by Tenant.

                  (c) Tenant is to use the service provided by Landlord pursuant
to this Section in accordance with the criteria set forth in the rules and
regulations of the utility company or the governmental agency supplying the
same. Tenant may not at any time overburden or exceed the capacity of the mains,
feeders, conduits or other facilities by which such services are supplied to,
distributed in or serve the Building.

                  (d) Unless otherwise specified, the services to be provided by
Landlord pursuant to this Section are to be available to Tenant seven days a
week, 24 hours a day and without additional charge. Landlord will also engage a
security guard to patrol the common areas of the Building seven days a week, 24
hours a day.

         5.2 Interruption of Service. No interruption, change or malfunction of
any of the services or facilities to be furnished by Landlord hereunder, nor any
interruptions, restrictions or allocation of utility services either by the
utility or as a result of governmental action constitutes a deliberate eviction
or constructive eviction or disturbance of Tenant's use and possession of the
Leased Premises or a breach by Landlord of any of its obligations hereunder or
renders Landlord liable for damages except to the extent such interruption is
caused by Landlord's deliberate act or omission. In any such event, Landlord is
to use reasonable diligence to restore such service or facility except where
such event is required by governmental authority.



                                       8
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI
                             REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE

         6.1 Tenant's Obligations. Tenant will not damage the Leased Premises,
will maintain and keep in good repair Tenant's improvements made pursuant to
Article VIII, as well as Tenant's other property located in or on the Leased
Premises, and will maintain the Leased Premises in a clean condition (subject to
Landlord providing the cleaning services to be rendered by Landlord as set forth
herein).

         6.2 Landlord's Obligations. Landlord will, except as otherwise
expressly provided herein as to Tenant's obligations, maintain and keep in good
repair (including replacement when necessary), the Building, the Leased Premises
and the Appurtenances, including the main lobbies and lobbies on multi-tenant
floors, elevators, electrical lines, plumbing fixtures not part of Tenant's
Leasehold Improvements, heating, ventilating and air-conditioning equipment not
part of Tenant's Leasehold Improvements, landscaping, restrooms, outside walls,
windows, the roof, gutters and downspouts, sanitary sewers, the Parking Garage
and lights, the sidewalks, the common area and all other structural parts of the
Building. Landlord will keep the driveways, serviceways and walkways reasonably
free of snow, ice and debris, and keep all other equipment used to provide the
services furnished by Landlord under this Section in good repair. At Tenant's
sole cost, Landlord will make repairs necessitated by reason of the negligence
or omission or wilful misconduct of Tenant, Tenant's agents, employees or
invitees, or by reason of the failure of Tenant to perform or observe any
condition or agreement contained in this Lease, or caused by alterations,
additions or improvements made by Tenant, Tenant's agents, employees or
invitees. Landlord is not in any way liable to Tenant for failure to make
repairs herein required of Landlord unless Tenant has previously notified
Landlord, in writing, of the need for such repairs and Landlord fails to make
such repairs within a reasonable period of time following receipt of Tenant's
written notice.

         6.3 Rights Upon Failure to Repair or Maintain.


                  (a) Of Landlord. If Tenant, following ten days written notice
from Landlord, refuses or neglects to make any repairs to the Leased Premises,
or part thereof, for which it is responsible pursuant to this Lease, Landlord
has the right (but is not obligated), upon giving Tenant reasonable written
notice of its election to do so, to make such repairs or perform such
maintenance on behalf of and for the account of Tenant. In so doing, Landlord
may make any payment of money or perform any other reasonable act. All sums so
paid by Landlord and all incidental costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the performance of any such act by Landlord, is Additional Rent and is
payable to Landlord immediately upon demand. Landlord may exercise the foregoing
rights without waiving any other of its rights against Tenant or without
releasing Tenant from any of its obligations under this Lease.

                  (b) Of Tenant. If Landlord defaults in the performance of its
obligations under Section 6.2, which default interrupts Tenant's business being
conducted at the Leased Premises, and Landlord does not cure such default within
a reasonable time after written notice thereof from Tenant, Tenant may (without
being obligated to), without waiving any claim for damages for such breach, cure
such default for the account of Landlord. Nothing herein shall preclude Tenant
from making repairs in an emergency. Any amount paid or any contractual
liability incurred by Tenant in so doing is to be paid by Landlord to Tenant
within ten days after demand therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may
not make repairs to the Parking Garage or to that portion of the Building which
does not constitute Leased Premises, but may only make repairs to the Leased
Premises, subject to the other provisions of this Section 6.3(b). Nothing herein
shall preclude Tenant from making reasonable repairs in an emergency.




                                       9
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                    INSURANCE

         7.1 Cost of Insurance to Landlord. If the cost of insurance to Landlord
is increased by reason of the occupancy and use of the Leased Premises by
Tenant, or by reason of alterations, additions or improvements to the Leased
Premises made by or for Tenant and not required to be furnished by Landlord
under this Lease, such increase is to be paid by Tenant to Landlord as
Additional Rent on demand and presentation to Tenant by Landlord of proof of
such increase. No such increase may be deemed to have resulted from the
Leasehold Improvements (as hereinafter defined) or Tenant's use and occupancy of
the Leased Premises in a manner customary to the purpose set forth in Section
4.1.

         7.2 Tenant's Insurance. From and after the Commencement Date, Tenant is
to carry and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, the following types of
insurance, in the amount specified and in the form hereinafter provided.


                  (a) Tenant is to maintain bodily injury insurance with limits
of not less than $500,000 per person and $1,000,000 per occurrence, insuring
against any and all liability of the insured with respect to the Leased Premises
or arising out of the maintenance, use or occupancy thereof, and property damage
liability insurance with a limit of not less than $500,000 per accident or
occurrence.

                  (b) Tenant is to maintain fire and extended coverage
insurance, together with insurance against sprinkler leakage, vandalism and
malicious mischief, covering Tenant's trade fixtures, furniture, equipment and
other items of personal property located on or at the Leased Premises.

                  (c) All such insurance maintained by Tenant pursuant to this
Section must specifically name Landlord as an additional insured, and the
interests of the Mortgagee (as hereinafter defined) are to be insured under a
standard mortgagee clause. All such insurance must also insure the performance
by Tenant of Tenant's indemnity under Article XIV and contain an endorsement
stating that such policy may not be canceled or modified by the insurer or
Tenant without Landlord having been given at least 30 days prior written notice
by the insurer.

                  (d) On the Commencement Date, Tenant is to provide Landlord
with a certificate of insurance evidencing the coverage required under this
Section. Tenant must also provide Landlord with a certificate of insurance
evidencing a new policy with at least the same coverage no less than 30 days
prior to the expiration of the old policy.

         7.3 Landlord's Insurance From and after the Commencement Date, Landlord
is to carry and maintain the following types of insurance, in the amount
specified and in the form hereinafter provided.


                  (a) Landlord is to maintain all-risk casualty insurance,
written at replacement cost value and with a replacement cost endorsement, on
the Building, the Appurtenances and the Leasehold Improvements.

                  (b) Landlord is to maintain comprehensive general liability
insurance covering claims for bodily injury or death, property damage or
personal injury arising from the use of the Building or the Appurtenances,
however caused, with per occurrence limits of not less than $1,000,000 for
bodily injury and $500,000 for property damage.



                                       10
<PAGE>

                  (c) If requested by Tenant, Landlord is to furnish Tenant with
a certificate of insurance for each required coverage, and renewal thereof,
showing that the required insurance is in force.

         7.4 Mutual Release of Insured Risks. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, Landlord and Tenant and all parties claiming under them hereby
mutually release and forever discharge the other from all claims and liabilities
from or caused by any hazard or incident covered by insurance on the Building or
Leased Premises or covered by insurance in connection with property on or at the
Building or Leased Premises, regardless of the cause of the damage or loss. This
release applies only to the extent that such loss or damage is covered by
insurance and only so long as applicable insurance policies contain a clause to
the effect that this release does not affect the right of the insured to recover
under such policies.


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                              TENANT'S IMPROVEMENTS

         8.1 Leasehold Improvements.


                  (a) No alteration, addition, improvement, or refinishing of or
to the Leased Premises may be made by Tenant without the prior written consent
of Landlord and without Landlord's approval of Tenant's plans and specifications
therefor, which consent and approval may not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. Any permanent improvement made by Tenant becomes the property of
Landlord upon the installation of such permanent improvement. Any other
alteration, addition or improvement made by Tenant and any building fixture
installed by Tenant which constitutes a fixture (including wall-to-wall
carpeting, light and plumbing fixtures, wall paneling and air-conditioning
equipment) becomes the property of Landlord upon the expiration or sooner
termination of this Lease. At the termination of this Lease, Tenant is to
surrender the Leased Premises as provided in Article XIII. Tenant is to pay or
cause to be paid all costs for work done by it or caused to be done by it on the
Leased Premises. Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord free and harmless
against liability, loss, damage, costs, reasonable attorneys' fees and all other
expenses on account of claims or liens of laborers or materialmen or others for
work performed or materials or supplies furnished for Tenant or persons claiming
under Tenant. This indemnity survives the expiration or earlier termination of
this Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may make minor improvements to
the Leased Premises without the prior written consent of Landlord so long as
such minor improvements do not (i) affect the structural, mechanical,
electrical, security, sprinkler, energy management, or life safety systems of
the Building or Leased Premises, (ii) require the issuance of a building permit,
or (iii) exceed $5,000.00.

                  (b) Without limiting Landlord's right to otherwise reasonably
reject any proposed alteration, addition or improvement, Landlord will not be
deemed unreasonable for rejecting any alteration or addition which (i) affects
any structural or exterior element of the Building, any area or element outside
of the Leased Premises or any facility serving any area of the Building outside
of the Leased Premises, or (ii) will require unusual expense to readapt the
Leased Premises to normal use after the Expiration Date or increase the cost of
insurance on the Building unless Tenant first gives assurance acceptable to
Landlord for payment of such increased cost or that such readaptation will be
made prior to the Expiration Date without expense to Landlord.

                  (c) All of Tenant's alterations are to be performed by
Landlord's general contractor or by contractors or workmen first approved by
Landlord, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Except
for work to be performed by Landlord's general contractor, Tenant, before its
work is started, must: (i) secure all licenses and permits necessary therefore;
(ii) deliver to Landlord



                                       11
<PAGE>

a statement of the names of all its contractors and subcontractors and the
estimated cost of all labor and material to be furnished by them; and (iii)
cause each contractor to: (A) carry workmen's compensation insurance in
statutory amounts covering all the contractor's and subcontractor's employees
and comprehensive public liability insurance and property damage insurance with
such limits as Landlord may reasonably require, and (B) deliver to Landlord
certificates of all such insurance. Tenant agrees to pay promptly when due the
entire cost of any work done on the Leased Premises by Tenant, its agents,
employees or independent contractors. If Landlord so requests and the cost of
such work exceeds $5,000, Tenant must promptly obtain from Tenant's contractors
performing any such work a performance and payment bond on the latest AIA form
covering such contractor's obligees and in which Landlord is named as a dual
obligee. Tenant must provide Landlord drawings of any alterations made by
Tenant, which drawings are to depict the location of all such alterations,
including wall and door locations, electrical services and mechanical systems.
All improvements by Tenant hereunder must be consistent with Applicable Law and
the general demeanor of the Building. All such work must be done in a good and
workmanlike manner and be diligently prosecuted, and may not interfere with any
trade union or the like performing work on the Building, the Adjoining Building
or Parking Garage on behalf of Landlord, or Landlord's relationship (including a
strike or work stoppage) with such trade union or the like.

         8.2 Trade Fixtures and Personal Property. All articles of personal
property, all furniture, and all business and trade fixtures, machinery and
equipment owned by Tenant or installed by Tenant at its expense in the Leased
Premises ("Tenant's Property") are and remain the property of Tenant. Subject to
the applicable provisions of this Lease, Tenant's Property may be removed at any
time during or at the end of the Lease Term, provided that Tenant repairs any
damage to the Leased Premises or Building caused by such removal. If Tenant
fails, for whatever reason, to remove all of Tenant's Property from the Leased
Premises upon termination of the Lease Term, Landlord may, at its option, upon
five (5) days written notice to Tenant and without liability to Tenant for loss
of such Tenant's Property: (a) remove such Tenant's Property in any reasonable
manner that Landlord chooses and store the same; or (b) sell such Tenant's
Property, or any portion thereof, at private sale and without legal process for
such price as Landlord may obtain. Tenant agrees to pay Landlord, upon demand,
any and all expenses reasonably incurred by Landlord in connection with such
storage or sale, as the case may be. The proceeds of any sale are to be applied
by Landlord in the following order: (i) to the expenses and costs of such sale;
(ii) to amounts due Landlord from Tenant under the Lease; and (iii) the excess,
if any, to Tenant.

         8.3 Mechanics Liens. Tenant may not suffer any mechanic's or
materialman's lien to be filed against the Leased Premises, the Building or the
Land by reason of work, labor, services or materials performed or furnished to
Tenant or anyone holding any part of the Leased Premises under Tenant. If any
such lien is at any time so filed, Tenant must, within 30 days of the filing
thereof, cause such lien to be released of record. If Tenant fails to have such
lien released of record within such 30 day period, Landlord may (but is not
obligated to) remove such lien without investigating the validity thereof and
irrespective of the fact that Tenant may contest the propriety or amount
thereof. Tenant, upon demand, is to pay Landlord as Additional Rent the amount
so paid out by Landlord in connection with the discharge of such lien, including
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses. Nothing contained herein is a consent
on the part of Landlord to subject Landlord's estate in the Leased Premises to
any lien or liability under Applicable Law.








                                       12
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IX
                           CASUALTY AND EMINENT DOMAIN


         9.1 Casualty. If any portion of the Leased Premises is damaged or
destroyed by fire or other casualty, or if the Building is materially damaged or
destroyed by fire or other casualty, Landlord is to repair or restore the Leased
Premises (but excluding Tenant's Property) or the Building, as the case may be,
with reasonable diligence to the condition the Leased Premises or the Building
was in immediately preceding the occurrence of such damage or destruction. From
the date of such damage or destruction and continuing throughout the period of
such restoration or repair, the Base Rent, Additional Rent, and other charges,
if any, payable hereunder equitably abate to the extent the Leased Premises or
Tenant's use and occupancy thereof are materially affected thereby. However, if
such damage is so extensive that such repair or restoration cannot be completed
by Landlord within a period of 150 days following the date of such damage, or
more than 50% of the net rentable square footage of the Leased Premises is
damaged, Landlord or Tenant has the right to terminate this Lease by giving
notice thereof to the other within 30 days following the occurrence of such
casualty. In such case, (a) Landlord has no obligation to repair or restore the
Leased Premises or Building, (b) this Lease automatically terminates as of the
date of such notice, (c) the Base Rent, Additional Rent, and other charges, if
any, are to be adjusted as of the date of the occurrence of such casualty, and
(d) neither party has any liability by reason of such termination or further
obligation to the other hereunder except the obligations under Article XIV and
such other obligations which survive the termination of this Lease. Except for
the abatement of rent and other charges as set forth above, Tenant is not
entitled to, and hereby waives all claims against Landlord for, any compensation
or damage for loss of use of the whole or any part of the Leased Premises or
Appurtenances, or for any inconvenience or annoyance occasioned by any such
damage, destruction, repair or restoration except for any claim based upon the
negligence or wilful misconduct of Landlord or its agents or employees. The
provisions of any Applicable Law under which a lease is automatically terminated
or a tenant is given the right to terminate a lease upon the occurrence of any
such damage or destruction, are hereby expressly waived by Tenant to the maximum
extent permitted under Applicable Law.

         9.2 Eminent Domain.


                  (a) If 50% or more of the Building, or such amount of the
Leased Premises that leaves the remaining Leased Premises unsuitable for
Tenant's continued occupancy for the uses and purposes for which leased, is
taken by any public or quasi-public authority under the power of condemnation,
eminent domain or expropriation, or in the event of a conveyance subsequent to
the commencement of an action under such power, both Landlord and Tenant have
the right to terminate this Lease by giving notice thereof to the other, such
termination to be effective on the last day of the month following the month in
which the notice is given.

                  (b) If this Lease is terminated as a result of either party
exercising its option under Section 9.2(a), Base Rent, Additional Rent and other
charges, if any, payable hereunder are to be adjusted as of the date of taking,
and any such rents or charges paid for any period after the date of taking are
to be promptly repaid to Tenant, whereupon neither party has any further
obligation to the other hereunder except the obligations under Article XIV and
the other obligations which survive the termination of this Lease. If this
Lease, notwithstanding any such taking or conveyance, continues in effect as to
any part of the Leased Premises: (i) the Base Rent, Additional Rent and other
charges, if any, payable hereunder, are to be apportioned and adjusted as of the
date of taking on the basis of the area (in usable square feet) of the part
taken or conveyed in lieu thereof and the part that continues to be leased
hereunder, and any such rent and charges paid for the part so taken or conveyed
for any period after the date of taking is to be promptly repaid to Tenant and
for the part not so taken continues



                                       13
<PAGE>

to be payable, as herein provided, subject to equitable abatement to the extent
Tenant's use of such part is materially affected pending completion by Landlord
of the alterations required herein; and (ii) Tenant's Proportional Share of
Operating Expenses and other items are to be recalculated.

                  (c) If this Lease, notwithstanding any such taking or
conveyance, continues in effect, Landlord will, at its expense, make all
necessary alterations as soon as reasonably practicable so as to constitute the
remaining Building and Leased Premises a complete architectural and tenantable
unit, except for Tenant's Property.

                  (d) All awards and compensation for any such taking or
conveyance, whether for the whole or a part of the Building, including the
Leased Premises, are the property of Landlord. Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord
all of Tenant's right, title and interest in and to any and all such awards and
compensation, excluding, however, any separately segregated award or
compensation for the value of the unexpired portion of the Lease Term which
award or compensation shall be the property of Tenant. Nothing herein shall
preclude Tenant from having the right to claim and recover from a condemning
authority compensation for any loss to which Tenant may be entitled for Tenant's
moving expenses or other relocation costs and for reimbursement of unamortized
Tenant improvements or alterations.

                                    ARTICLE X
                                TENANT'S DEFAULTS

         The occurrence of any one or more of the following events, acts or
occurrences constitutes an event of default ("Event of Default") hereunder:

         10.1 Rent. Tenant defaults in the payment of Base Rent or Additional
Rent due hereunder for more than ten days after written notice of failure to
pay;

         10.2 Other Monetary Obligations. Tenant defaults in the payment of any
monetary obligation due hereunder other than Base Rent or Additional Rent for
more than ten days after written notice of failure to pay;

         10.3 Other Covenants. Tenant defaults in the performance of any other
covenant, agreement, condition, rule or regulation herein contained or provided
for, or hereafter validly established, for more than 30 days after Landlord
gives Tenant notice of such default, or, if such default is not capable of being
cured within such 30 day period, Tenant has not commenced such performance in
good faith within such ten day period and is not diligently and continuously
proceeded therewith to completion;

         10.4 Insolvency. (a) Tenant admits in writing its inability to pay its
debts generally; (b) Tenant makes a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors; (c) any proceeding is instituted by or against Tenant (i) seeking to
adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) seeking liquidation, winding up,
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it
or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization
or relief of debtors, or (iii) seeking the entry of an order for relief or the
appointment of a receiver, trustee or other similar official for it or for any
substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding
instituted against Tenant, either such proceeding remains undismissed or
unstayed for a period of 30 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding
occurs; or (d) Tenant takes any action to authorize any of the actions set forth
in this Section 10.4.



                                       14
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI
                               LANDLORD'S REMEDIES

         Upon the happening of an Event of Default, in addition to all other
remedies that Landlord may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, Landlord has
the following rights and remedies.

         11.1 Right of Re-Entry. Landlord has the right to peaceably re-enter
and take possession of the Leased Premises and dispose of and remove therefrom
Tenant, or other occupants thereof, and their effects, and alter the locks and
other security devices at the Leased Premises. Landlord may do the above without
service of notice or resort to legal process and without being deemed guilty of
trespass or becoming liable for any loss or damage which may be occasioned
thereby. Notwithstanding such retaking of possession by Landlord, Tenant's
liability for Base Rent, Additional Rent and other monetary payments provided
for herein are not extinguished except as otherwise set forth in this Article.

         11.2 Right to Terminate. Landlord may exercise its right to re-enter
under Section 11.1, or take possession pursuant to legal proceeding or pursuant
to any notice provided for by Applicable Law, and terminate this Lease. If
Landlord terminates this Lease, Tenant is to immediately pay to landlord a sum
equal to any and all Base Rent, Additional Rent and other monetary payments that
are then due and which will become due under this Lease for the balance of the
Lease Term, subject to Landlord's obligation to mitigate its damages. If
Landlord elects to terminate this Lease, the amount to be collected by Landlord
is the present value of any and all Base Rent, Additional Rent and other
monetary payments that are then due and which will become due under the Lease
for the balance of the Lease Term, such present value to be calculated by
Landlord using the then prevailing interest rate for U.S. Treasury Notes which
have a maturity date equal to or most equal to the remaining term of the Lease.
In addition, Landlord may recover all other damages it incurs as a result of
such default from Tenant.

         11.3 Right to Re-Let. Landlord may exercise its right to re-enter under
Section 11.1 or take possession pursuant to legal proceedings or pursuant to any
notice provided for by Applicable Law and, without terminating this Lease, make
such reasonable alterations and repairs as may be necessary to relet the Leased
Premises, and relet all or any part of the Leased Premises as the agent of and
for the account of Tenant upon such terms and conditions as Landlord may deem
advisable. Upon any such relettings, the rents received therefrom are to be
applied to (a) the expenses of reletting and collection of rents, including the
costs of the renovation and alteration of the Leased Premises, or portion
thereof, (b) reasonable attorneys' fees and real estate commissions and other
repossession costs paid, and (c) thereafter to make such payment of all sums due
or to become due Landlord under this Lease. If a sufficient sum is not then
realized from such reletting to pay such amounts set forth in the immediately
preceding sentence, Tenant is to pay Landlord any such deficiency, on demand,
and Landlord may bring an action against Tenant therefor as each and every such
deficiency arises. Notwithstanding any reletting pursuant to this Section,
Landlord may at any time thereafter elect to terminate this Lease for such Event
of Default.

         11.4 Re-Entry Not An Election To Terminate. No re-entry or taking
possession of the Leased Premises by Landlord is an election on Landlord's part
to terminate this Lease unless a written notice of such intention is given to
Tenant or unless the termination is decreed by a court of competent
jurisdiction.

         11.5 Determination of Additional Rent. In determining Additional Rent
which would be payable by Tenant hereunder subsequent to an Event of Default,
the average annual Additional Rent paid by Tenant from the Commencement Date to
the time of default or during the preceding three full calendar years, whichever
period is shorter, is to be utilized.



                                       15
<PAGE>

         11.6 Waivers. Except as otherwise provided herein, to the maximum
extent permitted by Applicable Law, Tenant waives demand for rent, demand for
possession, notice of forfeiture, notice of termination and any and all demands
or notices required by Applicable Law. Tenant hereby expressly waives any right
to assert a defense based on merger and agrees that neither the commencement of
any action or proceeding, nor the settlement thereof, nor the entry of judgment
thereon bars Landlord from bringing any subsequent actions or proceedings from
time to time.

                                   ARTICLE XII
                                    SELF HELP

         12.1 By Landlord. If Tenant, following ten days written notice from
Landlord, refuses or neglects to perform any act for which it is responsible
under this Lease, Landlord has the right (but is not obligated), upon giving
Tenant reasonable written notice of its election to do so, to perform and act on
behalf of and for the account of Tenant. In so doing, Landlord may make any
payment of money or perform any other act. All sums so paid by Landlord and all
incidental costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of any
such act by Landlord, is Additional Rent and is payable to Landlord immediately
upon demand. Landlord may exercise the foregoing rights without waiving any of
its other rights against Tenant or without releasing Tenant from any of its
obligations under this Lease.

         12.2 By Tenant. If Landlord defaults in the performance of any of its
obligations under this Lease, which default interrupts Tenant's business being
conducted at the Leased Premises, and Landlord does not cure such default within
a reasonable time after written notice thereof from Tenant, Tenant may (without
being obligated to), without waiving any claim for damages for such breach, cure
such default for the account of Landlord, subject to the last sentence of
Section 6.3(b). Any amount paid or any contractual liability incurred by Tenant
in so doing is to be paid by Landlord to Tenant within ten days after demand
therefor.

                                  ARTICLE XIII
                       SURRENDER OF PREMISES; HOLDING OVER

         13.1 Surrender of Premises. At the expiration of the Lease Term or
earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant must quit and surrender the Leased
Premises, together with all keys and combinations to locks, to Landlord,
broom-clean and free of disrepair that is the obligation of Tenant hereunder to
make, normal wear and tear and minor damage excepted. Prior to the expiration of
the Lease Term, or upon the earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant must
remove all of Tenant's Property from the Leased Premises and Building and repair
all damage caused by such removal. Tenant may not remove from the Leased
Premises any property that is or becomes Landlord's pursuant to this Lease. If
the Leased Premises are not surrendered pursuant to this Section, Tenant agrees
to indemnify Landlord against all loss or liability resulting from the delay by
Tenant, including any claims made by any succeeding occupant founded on such
delay. Tenant's obligations under this Section survive the expiration or sooner
termination of this Lease.

         13.2 Holding Over. If Tenant remains in possession of the Leased
Premises after the expiration of this Lease without having exercised an option
to renew or without having a new lease reduced to writing and duly executed,
even if Tenant has paid and Landlord has accepted rent in respect of such
holding, Landlord may, at its sole election, deem Tenant to be occupying the
Leased Premises as a month-to-month tenant, subject to all the provisions of
this Lease insofar as they are applicable to a month-to-month tenancy. There is
no renewal of this Lease by operation of Applicable Law. During the period of
any such holding over, all provisions of this Lease that are applicable to a
month-to-month tenancy remain in effect except that the monthly rental is equal
to 150% of the monthly Base Rent and



                                       16
<PAGE>

Additional Rent payable for the last calendar month of the Lease Term
(collectively "Post-Term Rent Rate"). This Section shall not be deemed a consent
by Landlord for Tenant to hold over.

                                   ARTICLE XIV
                                    INDEMNITY

         14.1 Indemnity. Tenant hereby agrees to defend, pay, indemnify and save
free and harmless Landlord from and against any and all claims, demands, fines,
suits, actions, proceedings, orders, decrees and judgments of any kind or nature
by or in favor of anyone whomsoever and from and against any and all reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
resulting from or in connection with loss of life, bodily or personal injury or
property damage arising, directly or indirectly, out of, from, or on account of
any occurrence in, upon, at or from the Leased Premises which arises from
Tenant's occupancy thereof except to the extents due to the negligence or wilful
misconduct of Landlord or Landlord's officers, employees, agents, contractors or
invitees, and, if due to Tenant's or Tenant's officers', employees', agents',
contractors' or invitees' negligence or wilful misconduct, the Appurtenances.
Except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.3, Landlord agrees to defend, pay,
indemnify and save free and harmless Tenant from and against any and all claims,
demands, fines, suits, actions, proceedings, orders, decrees and judgments of
any kind or nature by or in favor of anyone whomsoever and from and against any
and all reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from or in connection with loss of
life, bodily or personal injury or property damage arising, directly or
indirectly, out of, from or on account of any occurrence in, upon, at, or from
the Building and Appurtenances except to the extent due to the negligence or
wilful misconduct of Tenant or Tenant's officers, employees, agents, contractors
or invitees.

         14.2 Exceptions to Indemnity. Notwithstanding Section 14.1, Landlord is
not responsible or liable at any time to Tenant for any loss of life, bodily or
personal injury, damage to property or business, or business interruption caused
by persons other than Landlord and Landlord's employees, agents and invitees.
Landlord is not responsible or liable at any time for loss of life, or injury or
damage to any person or to any property or business of Tenant, or those claiming
by, through or under Tenant, (a) caused by or resulting from the bursting,
breaking, leaking, running, seeping, overflowing or backing up of water, steam,
gas, sewage, snow or ice in any part of the Leased Premises unless due to the
negligence of Landlord, or (b) caused by or resulting from acts of God or the
elements.

         14.3 Survival. The obligations of the parties under this Article
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.

                                   ARTICLE XV
                            ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

         15.1 To Third Parties. Tenant may not assign, sublet or permit the use
by others of the Leased Premises, or any part thereof, without in each instance
the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent may not be unreasonably
withheld or conditioned.

         15.2 To Affiliates. Notwithstanding Section 15.1, Tenant may, upon
prior written notice to Landlord, assign or sublet all or any part of its
interest in the Leased Premises to an Affiliate of Tenant.

         15.3 Effect of Assignment or Sublease/Profit Split. No assignment or
sublease by Tenant of its interest in the Leased Premises, whether to a third
person or an Affiliate, whether with or without the consent of Landlord, and
whether or not Landlord has accepted the assignee or sub-tenant, releases Tenant
from the further performance by Tenant of any of Tenant's obligations under this
Lease unless Landlord specifically agrees otherwise, nor relieves Tenant from
obtaining Landlord's consent in



                                       17
<PAGE>

accordance with this Article for any further assignment or subletting. If Tenant
assigns or sublets the Leased Premises, any amount payable by such sub-tenant
over and above the amount due and payable under this Lease (the "Profit") shall
be split equally between Landlord and Tenant hereunder.

         15.4 Sale by Landlord. In the event of any sale or exchange of the
Leased Premises or Building by Landlord or the assignment by Landlord of this
Lease (all of which may be done without Tenant's consent), Landlord is entirely
freed and relieved of all liability under any and all of its covenants and
obligations contained in or derived from this Lease arising out of any act,
occurrence or omission relating to the Leased Premises occurring after the
consummation of such sale, exchange or assignment. Regardless of such sale,
exchange or assignment, this Lease remains in full force and effect and the
purchaser or assignee assumes all of the responsibilities and obligations of
Landlord under this Lease.


                                   ARTICLE XVI
                       ATTORNMENT; SUBORDINATION; ESTOPPEL
                        CERTIFICATE; AND QUIET ENJOYMENT

         16.1 Attornment. Tenant must, in the event of a sale, transfer or
assignment by Landlord of the Building or Leased Premises or any portion thereof
or of this Lease, or in the event any proceedings are brought for the
foreclosure of any Mortgage (as hereinafter defined) or in the event of an
exercise of the power of sale under any Mortgage, attorn to and recognize such
transferee, purchaser or Mortgagee (as hereinafter defined) as Landlord under
this Lease, and promptly execute and deliver any instrument that such successor
Landlord may reasonably request to evidence such attornment provided Tenant's
occupancy is not disturbed and such purchaser, transferee or assignee (other
than for security purposes) assumes Landlord's obligations under this Lease.
Upon such attornment, this Lease or such parts thereof to which the successor
Landlord succeeded, shall continue in full force and effect as a direct lease
between the successor Landlord and Tenant upon all of the terms, conditions and
covenants as are set forth in this Lease and as are relevant to such interest.
Notwithstanding the above, as to the Mortgagee or a purchaser at a foreclosure
or other sale under the Mortgage, such successor Landlord is not (a) liable for
any previous act or omission of Landlord, (b) subject to any offset which
theretofore may have accrued to Tenant against Landlord, (c) bound by any
previous modification of this Lease or by any previous prepayment of more than
one month's rent, unless such modification or prepayment was made prior to the
making of such Mortgage or was expressly approved in writing by the Mortgagee
through which the successor Landlord succeeded to the rights of Landlord under
this Lease, or (d) liable for any security deposits not actually received in
cash by such successor Landlord.

         16.2 Subordination.

         A. This Lease is and shall be expressly subject and subordinate at all
times to the lien of any Mortgage, and all amendments, restatements, renewals,
modifications, consolidations, assignments and extensions thereof, without the
necessity of any further instrument or act on the part of Tenant. This
subordination shall be self-operative and no further certificate or instrument
of subordination need be required by any Mortgagee. In confirmation of such
subordination, however, upon the written request of the holder (the "Mortgagee")
of any mortgage now or hereafter encumbering the Land or Building, including the
Leased Premises and Appurtenances or any part thereof, Tenant shall, within 15
days of Tenant's receipt thereof, execute any reasonable certificate or
instrument that Landlord or Mortgagee may request confirming subordination of
Tenant's rights under this Lease to the lien of such mortgage ("Mortgage").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Mortgagee elects to have this
Lease or Tenant's rights hereunder superior to its Mortgage, then such Mortgagee
may subordinate its Mortgage to this Lease without Tenant's consent by notice in
writing to Tenant, and thereupon this Lease shall be



                                       18
<PAGE>

deemed prior to such Mortgage without regard to their respective dates of
execution, delivery or recording, and in that event such Mortgagee shall have
the same rights with respect to this Lease as though the Lease had been executed
prior to the execution, delivery or recording, and in that event such Mortgagee
shall have the same rights with respect to this Lease as though the Lease had
been executed prior to the execution, delivery and recording of such Mortgage
and had been assigned to such Mortgagee (subject to the provisions of Section
16.1 hereof).

         B. Tenant agrees that neither any foreclosure of any such Mortgage nor
the institution of any such action or proceeding against Landlord, or any
foreclosure proceeding brought by any such Mortgagee to recover possession of
the Building, Land or Leased Premises, shall by operation of law or otherwise,
except at the express election of the Mortgagee, result in the cancellation or
termination of this Lease or the obligations of Tenant hereunder and upon the
request of any such Mortgagee, Tenant covenants and agrees to execute an
instrument in writing satisfactory to such Mortgagee or to the purchaser at
foreclosure whereby Tenant attorns to such successor in interest.

         16.3 SNDA Certificate. Tenant agrees to execute contemporaneously
herewith the subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement attached
hereto as Exhibit 16.3, and, from time to time, within fifteen days after
Tenant's receipt of written request by Landlord, to execute, acknowledge and
deliver to Landlord a statement in writing prepared by Landlord certifying that
this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (to the extent accurate)
and that Tenant has no defenses, offsets or counterclaims against its
obligations to pay the Base Rent and Additional Rent and to perform its other
covenants under this Lease and that there are no uncured defaults of Landlord or
Tenant under this Lease (or, if there have been any modifications that the same
is in full force and effect as modified and stating the modifications and, if
there are any defenses, offsets, counterclaims or defaults, setting them forth
in reasonable detail), and the dates to which the Base Rent, Additional Rent and
other charges have been paid. Any such statement delivered pursuant to this
Section may be relied upon by a prospective purchaser or Mortgagee of the Leased
Premises or any prospective assignee of any Mortgagee of the Leased Premises.
Tenant agrees to provide the above information substantially in the form of the
SNDA Certificate, and including any additional information as may reasonably be
requested by Landlord or any such prospective Mortgagee or purchaser.

         16.4 Right of Mortgagee to Notice of Default and Cure. No act or
failure to act on the part of Landlord which would entitle Tenant under the
terms of this Lease, or under Applicable Law, to take any action, cure any
default or withhold any sums due under this Lease, or to be relieved of Tenant's
obligations hereunder or to terminate this Lease, results in a release or
termination of such obligations or a termination of this Lease, unless (a)
Tenant has first given written notice of Landlord's act or failure to act to the
Mortgagee of record with respect to the Building or Land, if any, specifying the
act or failure to act on the part of Landlord which could or would give basis to
Tenant's rights; and (b) such Mortgagee, after receipt of such notice, fails or
refuses to correct or cure the condition complained of within a reasonable time
thereafter (including any delays resulting from force majeure or other
circumstances beyond the control of such Mortgagee). Nothing contained in this
Section imposes any obligation on any such Mortgagee to correct or cure any
condition.

         16.5 Quiet Enjoyment. Upon payment by Tenant of the monetary
obligations herein provided, and upon the observance and performance of all the
covenants, terms and conditions on Tenant's part to be observed and performed,
Tenant may peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the Leased Premises for the term
hereby demised without hindrance or interruption by Landlord or any other person
lawfully or equitably claiming by, through or under Landlord, subject,
nevertheless, to the terms and conditions of this Lease and to existing deeds of
trust, easements, restrictions, if any, of record and the rights of other
tenants of the Building.








                                       19
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE XVII
                                  CONSTRUCTION

         17.1 Construction of Leasehold Improvements.


                  (a) For purposes of this Lease, "Leasehold Improvements" means
all materials and work to be added to the core and shell of the Building, the
Parking Garage and Appurtenances to finish the Leased Premises for Tenant in
addition to the materials and work necessary to deliver the Leased Premises in
White Box Condition (as defined in Exhibit 17.1 attached hereto). As part of its
Leasehold Improvements, Tenant may install a generator in the Parking Garage,
subject to the approval of the City of Clayton and/or County of St. Louis, the
location of which shall be determined by Landlord. Such generator shall be
enclosed and such enclosure shall be compatible with the design of the Parking
Garage. Also as part of its Leasehold Improvements, Tenant may, as a backup
source of electricity, connect its systems to the electrical substation
servicing the Adjoining Building.

                  (b) Landlord will grant Tenant an allowance of $30 per
rentable square foot of the Leased Premises to construct the Leasehold
Improvements. Tenant is responsible for all costs for the Leasehold Improvements
to the extent such costs for the Leasehold Improvements exceed $30 per rentable
square foot ("Tenant Plan Excess Costs"). If cost of the Leasehold Improvements
is less than $30 per rentable square foot, the difference shall be a credit
towards Tenant's Base Rent first due or other payments due Landlord hereunder.
Except as otherwise may be approved by Landlord, all Leasehold Improvements,
including work to be performed at Tenant's expense, shall be performed by
contractors employed by Landlord. Construction of Leasehold Improvements shall
be performed in accordance with the terms of this Lease and a Work Agreement to
be prepared and executed by the parties prior to commencement of construction of
Leasehold Improvements. Such Work Agreement shall identify the approved plans
and specifications for Tenant's Leasehold Improvements, the contractor and
subcontractors to perform the work, the agreed upon method for
payment/reimbursement of the allowance and such other terms and provisions
reasonably requested by Landlord.

                  In addition to the allowance for Leasehold Improvements,
Landlord will reimburse Tenant for 50% of the costs incurred by it to construct
an internal stairwell between the tenth and ninth floors of the Leased Premises.


                                  ARTICLE XVIII
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         18.1 Landlord. Landlord makes the following representations and
warranties to Tenant:


                  (a) The common areas of the Building will be constructed in
compliance with all requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990
(the "ADA") as the same relates to the Building.



                                       20
<PAGE>

                  (b) On the Commencement Date, the Leased Premises will be in
material compliance with all laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders and
other governmental requirements relating to the use, condition and occupancy
(except that a certificate of occupancy is required to be issued with respect to
Tenant's occupancy of the Leased premises) of the Leased Premises, and all
rules, ordinances, orders and regulations of the board of fire underwriters or
insurance service office, or any similar body having jurisdiction over the
Leased Premises and the Building.

         18.2 Tenant. Tenant will keep the Leased Premises free from any
architectural barrier (installed by Tenant with or without the approval of
Landlord) as are necessary and readily achievable to comply with the ADA.

                                   ARTICLE XIX
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         19.1 Accord and Satisfaction. No payment by Tenant or receipt by
Landlord of a lesser amount than the Basic Rent, Additional Rent or other
amounts to be paid hereunder is to be other than on account of the earliest of
such items then due, nor may any endorsement or statement on any check or any
letter accompanying any check or payment be deemed an accord and satisfaction,
and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord's
right to recover the balance of such amount due or pursue any other remedy in
this Lease provided.

         19.2 Rules. Landlord, from time to time, has the right to make,
establish and promulgate reasonable and nondiscriminatory rules and regulations
for the Building, and all of the occupants and tenants thereof, and Tenant must
observe, keep and comply with and cause its employees and invitees to observe,
keep and comply with such rules and regulations. No such rule or regulation may
be inconsistent with this Lease or proscribe Tenant's use and occupancy of the
Leased Premises or use of the Appurtenances in a customary manner for a first
class office building.

         19.3 Landlord's Liability. Anything in this Lease to the contrary
notwithstanding, Tenant agrees that, but for claims covered by Landlord's
insurance, Tenant must look solely to the estate of Landlord in the Land and
Building for the collection of any judgment (or other judicial process)
requiring the payment of money by Landlord in the event of any default or breach
by Landlord with respect to any of the terms and provisions of this Lease to be
observed or performed by Landlord, subject, however, to the prior rights of the
holder of any Mortgage. No other assets of Landlord are subject to levy,
execution or other judicial process for the satisfaction of Tenant's claim, and
Landlord is not liable for any such default or breach except to the extent of
Landlord's estate in the Land and Building.

         19.4 Definitions. For purposes of this Lease, the following capitalized
terms have the following meanings:


                  (a) "Affiliate" means (i) any person which, directly or
indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by or is under common control with
the party for whom an affiliate is being determined, or (ii) any person who is a
director or officer of any person described in (i) above, or who is the
beneficial owner of at least 5% of the voting stock of such person, or (iii) any
partner (general or limited) of the party for whom an affiliate is being
determined. For purposes hereof, control of a Person means the power, direct or
indirect, to (A) vote 50% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power
for the election of directors of such person or (B) direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of such person, whether by contract or
otherwise and either alone or in conjunction with others.



                                       21
<PAGE>

                  (b) "Applicable Law" with respect to any matter or person
means any law, rule, regulation, order, decree or other requirement having the
force of law relating to such matter or person and, where applicable, any
interpretation thereof by any authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto
or charged with the administration thereof.

         19.5 Signs, Awnings, Etc.


                  (a) Tenant may not erect, install, paint, affix or maintain
any signs, notices or other advertising or display devices, illuminated or
otherwise, on any part of the inside or outside of the Building or Parking
Garage, without the prior approval thereof in writing by Landlord. Tenant may
not install any draperies, shades, venetian blinds, mini-blinds or the like
visible from the exterior of the Building unless the color, materials, shape,
style and size have been approved by Landlord. Tenant must promptly, on written
notice from Landlord, remove any of the above erected or maintained in violation
of this Section. If Tenant fails to remove such item promptly upon receipt of
notice from Landlord to such effect, Landlord may peaceably enter upon the
Leased Premises and cause such item to be removed. The cost of such removal and
restoration is to be paid by Tenant as Additional Rent for the month next
following such removal.

                  (b) Tenant may not decorate, paint or in any other manner
alter, and may not install or affix any device, fixture or attachment upon or
to, the exterior of the Building or Parking Garage, including the roof or canopy
thereof, without the prior written consent thereto of Landlord. If Tenant does
any of the foregoing acts in contravention of this Section, Landlord has the
right to remove any such decoration, paint, alteration, device, fixture or
attachment and restore the Building or Parking Garage to the condition thereof
prior to such act and the cost of such removal and restoration is to be paid by
Tenant as Additional Rent payable for the month next following such removal and
restoration.

         19.6 Amendment and Modification. No amendment, modification,
supplement, termination, consent or waiver of any provision of this Lease, nor
consent to any departure therefrom, will in any event be effective unless the
same is in writing and is signed by the party against whom enforcement of the
same is sought. Any waiver of any provision of this Lease and any consent to any
departure from the terms of any provision of this Lease is to be effective only
in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

         19.7 Approvals and Consents. If any provision hereof requires the
approval or consent of any party to any act or omission, such approval or
consent is not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed except as set forth
herein.

         19.8 Brokers. Landlord shall be responsible for any commission payable
to its listing broker, Desco Commercial. Landlord shall pay to Trammell Crow
Company a fee equal to 2.25% of the Base Rent of the initial Lease Term, payable
1/2 upon execution by all parties of this Agreement and the balance upon the
Commencement Date. Should any additional claim for a commission be established
or any other claim be established by a broker, agent or finder other than Desco
Commercial or Trammell Crow Company, the parties hereto expressly agree to hold
one another harmless with respect thereto to the extent that one or the other is
shown to be responsible for the creation of such claim.

         19.9 Captions. Captions contained in this Lease and the table of
contents preceding this Lease have been inserted herein only as a matter of
convenience and in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope of this
Lease or the intent of any provision hereof.



                                       22
<PAGE>

         19.10 Construction. Unless the context of this Lease clearly requires
otherwise: (a) references to the plural include the singular and vice versa; (b)
references to any person include such person's successors and assigns but, if
applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted by this Lease; (c)
references to one gender include all genders; (d) "including" is not limiting;
(e) "or" has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase "and/or"; (f) the
words "hereof", "herein", "hereby", "hereunder" and similar terms in this Lease
refer to this Lease as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Lease; (g) article, section, subsection, Exhibit and Schedule references are to
this Lease unless otherwise specified; (h) reference to any agreement (including
this Lease), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument
as amended or modified and in effect from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof and, if applicable, the terms hereof; and (i) references to any
Applicable Law means such Applicable Law as amended, modified, codified or
reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time, unless the
effect thereof is to reduce, limit or otherwise prejudicially affect any
obligation or any right, power or remedy hereunder, in which case such
amendment, modification, codification or reenactment will not, to the maximum
extent permitted by Applicable Law, form part of this Lease and is to be
disregarded for purposes of the construction and interpretation hereof.

         19.11 Counterpart Facsimile Execution. For purposes of executing this
Lease, a document signed and transmitted by facsimile machine or telecopier is
to be treated as an original document. The signature of any party thereon, for
purposes hereof, is to be considered as an original signature, and the document
transmitted is to be considered to have the same binding effect as an original
signature on an original document. At the request of any party, any facsimile or
telecopy document is to be re-executed in original form by the parties who
executed the facsimile or telecopy document. No party may raise the use of a
facsimile machine or telecopier or the fact that any signature was transmitted
through the use of a facsimile or telecopier machine as a defense to the
enforcement of this Lease or any amendment or other document executed in
compliance with this Section.

         19.12 Counterparts. This Lease may be executed by the parties on any
number of separate counterparts, and all such counterparts so executed
constitute one agreement binding on all the parties notwithstanding that all the
parties are not signatories to the same counterpart.

         19.13 Confidentiality. Without the prior written consent of the other
party, and except as required by law, neither party nor any of its agents,
representatives, affiliates, employees or consultants shall disclose to any
person any of the terms, conditions or other provisions of this Lease and both
parties shall keep such information in strict confidence.

         19.14 Roof Access. Subject to the provisions of Article VIII herein and
further subject to the approval of the City of Clayton and/or the County of St.
Louis, Tenant may, at its expense (but without any payment of rent) install a
rooftop mounted satellite dish/antenna on its pro-rata share (after first
deducting for the Building's mechanicals) of the Building's roof.

         19.15 Entire Agreement. This Lease and the Work Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement among the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior agreements, letters of intent, understandings,
negotiations and discussions of the parties, whether oral or written.

         19.16 Exhibits. All of the Exhibits attached to this Lease are deemed
incorporated herein by reference.

         19.17 Failure or Delay. No failure on the part of any party to
exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege hereunder
operates as a waiver thereof; nor does any single or partial exercise of any
right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise
thereof,



                                       23
<PAGE>

or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No notice to or demand
on any party in any case entitles such party to any other or further notice or
demand in similar or other circumstances.

         19.18 Further Assurances. The parties will execute and deliver such
further instruments and do such further acts and things as may be required to
carry out the intent and purpose of this Lease.

         19.19 Governing Law. This Lease and the rights and obligations of the
parties hereunder are to be governed by and construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri applicable to contracts made
and to be performed wholly within Missouri, without regard to choice or conflict
of laws rules.

         19.20 Legal Fees. Except as otherwise provided herein, all legal and
other costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Lease and the
transactions contemplated hereby are to be paid by the party incurring such
costs and expenses. In the event any party brings suit to construe or enforce
the terms hereof, or raises this Lease as a defense in a suit brought by another
party, the prevailing party is entitled to recover its attorneys' fees and
expenses.

         19.21 Notices. All notices, consents, requests, demands and other
communications hereunder are to be in writing, and are deemed to have been duly
given or made: (a) when delivered in person, (b) three days after deposited in
the United States mail, first class postage prepaid, (c) in the case of
telegraph or overnight courier services, one business day after delivery to the
telegraph company or overnight courier service with payment provided for, or (d)
in the case of telex or telecopy or fax, when sent, verification received, in
each case addressed as follows:

         (i)      if to Landlord:

                           Forsyth Centre Associates, L.L.C.
                           c/o MDR Properties
                           Suite 307
                           8182 Maryland Avenue
                           Clayton, Missouri 63105
                           Fax #:  (314) 854-8322

         (ii)     if to Tenant (prior to occupancy of Leased Premises):

                           D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
                           c/o Vice President and General Counsel
                           8000 Maryland Avenue
                           Clayton, Missouri  63105

                  if to Tenant (subsequent to occupancy of Leased Premises):

                           D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
                           c/o Vice President and General Counsel
                           8235 Forsyth Blvd., Suite 1000
                           Clayton, Missouri  63105

or to such other address as any party may designate by notice to the other party
in accordance with the terms of this Section.



                                       24
<PAGE>

         19.22 Remedies Cumulative. Each and every right granted hereunder and
the remedies provided for under this Lease are cumulative and are not exclusive
of any remedies or rights that may be available to any party at law, in equity,
or otherwise.

         19.23 Severability. Any provision of this Lease which is prohibited,
unenforceable or not authorized in any jurisdiction is, as to such jurisdiction,
ineffective to the extent of any such prohibition, unenforceability or
nonauthorization without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, or
affecting the validity, enforceability or legality of such provision in any
other jurisdiction, unless the ineffectiveness of such provision would result in
such a material change as to cause completion of the transactions contemplated
hereby to be unreasonable.

         19.24 Successors and Assigns. All provisions of this Lease are binding
upon, inure to the benefit of, and are enforceable by or against, the parties
and their respective heirs, executors, administrators or other legal
representatives and permitted successors and assigns.

         19.25 Third-party Beneficiary. This Lease is solely for the benefit of
the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and no other
person has any right, benefit, priority or interest under, or because of the
existence of, this Lease.

         19.26 Signatory Warranty. Each person executing this Lease warrants
that he is authorized to do so on behalf of the party for whom he signs this
Lease.

         19.27 Acceptance. Each party hereto acknowledges that it has read this
Lease and that its signature hereto signifies acceptance of each and every term
hereof.

                                            FORSYTH CENTRE ASSOCIATES, L.L.C.



                                            By  /s/ John L. Hank
                                                ----------------



                                            D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.


                                            By  /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                                                --------------------------



                                       25

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18A
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c71930exv10w18a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.18a

                          AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT


         AMENDMENT date February 26, 2002, between Forsyth Centre Associates,
L.L.C. ("Landlord") and D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. ("Tenant").



                                    RECITALS


     A.  Landlord and Tenant entered into and executed that certain Lease
         Agreement dated October 10, 2001 (the "Lease");

     B.  Pursuant to the Lease, the "Lease Premises" consist of the entire tenth
         floor of the Building, a portion of the ninth floor of the Building and
         a portion of the third flo0r of the Building; the third floor space, as
         outlined on Exhibit 1.1A, is not sufficient for Tenant's needs and
         Tenant wishes to lease additional space on the fifth floor of the
         Building in lieu of the space of the third floor.


                                    AGREEMENT


     In consideration of the foregoing, the mutual covenants herein contained
and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties by their execution hereof), the
parties agree as follows:

     1.  Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms
         used in this Amendment have the meanings ascribed to them in the Lease.

     2.  Leased Properties. The definition of Leased Properties is amended to
         provide that Landlord demises and leases to Tenant, and Tenant leases
         and rents from Landlord, a portion of the fifth floor of the Building
         consisting of approximately 4,086 rentable square feet; the fifth floor
         space is in lieu of the third floor space and in addition to the entire
         tenth floor and a portion of the ninth floor of the Building. The fifth
         floor space is outlined on Exhibit 1.1A attached hereto which exhibit
         shall replace and become the new Exhibit 1.1A to the Lease. The actual
         rentable square feet shall be determined after completion of
         construction of the Lease Premises and shall be determined according to
         ANSI/BOMA Z65.1-1996.

     3.  No Other Modifications. Nothing herein contained in any way impairs the
         Lease, or alters, waives, annuls, varies or affects any provisions,
         condition or




<PAGE>




         covenant therein, except as specifically set forth in this Amendment.
         All other provisions of the Lease remain in full force and effect.

4.       Further Assurances. The parties will execute and deliver such further
         instruments and do such further acts and things as may be required to
         carry out the intent and purpose of this Amendment.

5.       Amendments. This Amendment may be amended, modified or supplemented
         only by written agreement of the parties hereto.





                                         "LANDLORD"
                                         FORSYTH  CENTRE  ASSOCIATES, L.L.C.

                                         By    /s/  John L. Hank
                                               ------------------



                                         `TENANT'
                                         D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.

                                         By     /s/   Martin D. Wilson
                                               ------------------------




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c71930exv13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 13

REGISTRANT'S 2002 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     Fiscal Year Ended
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income Statement Data                      June 30,    June 30, 2001  June 30, 2000  June 30, 1999  June 30, 1998
- ---------------------                        2002
(in thousands, except share and per
share data)

<S>                                      <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales                                $ 2,453,748     $1,645,993     $1,458,047     $  815,319     $  612,427
Gross profit                                 102,831         68,824         56,422         41,536         30,654
Income from operations                        46,339         26,946         22,299         14,842          9,770
Net income                               $    21,059     $    9,144     $    8,199     $    6,625     $    3,942
Basic earnings per share (1)             $      1.48     $     1.08     $     0.97     $     0.86     $     1.09
Diluted earnings per share (1)           $      1.42     $     1.01     $     0.92     $     0.79     $     1.04
Basic common shares outstanding (1)       14,246,751      8,478,198      8,481,902      7,693,674      6,690,522
Diluted common shares outstanding (1)     14,677,781      9,131,514      9,099,752      8,439,752      7,532,704


<CAPTION>




Balance Sheet Data
- ------------------              June 30,        June 30,          June 30,          June 30,         June 30,
(in thousands)                      2002            2001             2000              1999             1998
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>             <C>               <C>               <C>              <C>
Current assets                   $413,914         $270,050         $237,494          $181,824         $153,513
Working capital                   182,636           97,533           93,556            28,525           60,549
Total assets                      483,138          330,204          294,419           236,990          178,371
Long-term debt                     81,457           94,489           99,647            40,449           61,156
Stockholders' equity              167,397           57,510           45,265            40,887           20,719

</TABLE>

(1) Adjusted for 2-for-1 stock split in April 2002


PRICE RANGE PER COMMON SHARE:

The Company's common stock (symbol: "DKWD") is traded on the NASDAQ national
market. The number of beneficial holders of the Company's common stock is
approximately 6,000. Set forth below are the high and low transaction prices as
reported by the NASDAQ stock market for the periods indicated (adjusted for
2-for-1 stock split in April 2002). Such prices reflect interdealer prices,
without retail markup, markdown, or commission:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

2002                                  Low              High

<S>                                 <C>               <C>
First Quarter                       $17.75            $24.07
Second Quarter                       21.40             29.60
Third Quarter                        25.31             32.87
Fourth Quarter                       27.39             39.50

</TABLE>



                                       45
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


2001                                   Low                High

<S>                                 <C>                 <C>
First Quarter                       $  4.69             $  7.25
Second Quarter                         5.75                8.00
Third Quarter                          6.82               11.10
Fourth Quarter                         9.22               18.53
</TABLE>


CORPORATE OFFICES:

D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
8000 Maryland Ave. Suite 920
St. Louis, Missouri 63105
(888) 727-3485
(314) 727-3485
Fax: (314) 727-5759
web: www.dkwd.com


TRANSFER AGENT REGISTRAR:

Computershare Investor Services LLC
2 North Lasalle Street
Chicago, Illinois   60602
(312) 588-4700


AUDITORS:

KPMG LLP
St. Louis, Missouri


COUNSEL:

Armstrong Teasdale LLP
St. Louis, Missouri


FORM 10-K:

Copies of form 10-K filed by D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. for the year
ended June 30, 2002, are available without charge upon request. Requests
should be directed to the Company's corporate office address, marked
attention: Investor Relations.


ANNUAL MEETING:

The annual meeting of stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m. Wednesday,
November 13, 2002, at The Ritz-Carlton, 100 Carondelet Plaza, St. Louis, MO.




                                       46


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c71930exv21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21


                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  SUBSIDIARY NAME                         STATE OF INCORPORATION           % OWNED
  ---------------                         ----------------------           -------
<S>                                       <C>                              <C>
Associated Pharmacies, Inc. (inactive)            Arkansas                  100%

VC Services, Inc.                                 Minnesota                 100%

Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc.                       Arkansas                   70%

Jaron, Inc.                                       Florida                   100%

D & K Receivables Corporation                     Delaware                  100%

Jewett Drug Co.                                   South Dakota              100%

Tykon, Inc.                                       Wisconsin                 100%

Southwest Computer Systems, Inc.                  Arkansas                  100%
      (inactive)

U.P.C., Inc. (inactive)                           Minnesota                 100%

Diversified Healthcare, LLC                       Kentucky                  100%
</TABLE>



                                       47




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c71930exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF KPMG LLP
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1


                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT





The Board of Directors
D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statements Nos.
333-67976 and 333-60146 on Form S-3, No. 333-64112 on Form S-3 MEF, and Nos.
333-98437, 333-50506, and 333-24263 on Form S-8 of D&K Healthcare Resources,
Inc. of our report dated August 7, 2002, with respect to the consolidated
balance sheet of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30,
2002 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2002, and the related
financial statement schedule, which report appears in the June 30, 2002 annual
report on Form 10-K of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.

Our report dated August 7, 2002, contains an explanatory paragraph that states
that the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001, and for each of the years in the two-year
period then ended, were audited by other auditors who have ceased operations.
The Company declared a two-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend
during the year ending June 30, 2002, and the amounts in the consolidated
financial statements as of June 30, 2001, and for each of the years in the
two-year period then ended, relating to all share and per share amounts have
been restated to retroactively reflect this stock split.  We audited the
adjustments that were applied to restate the share and per share amounts
reflected in the June 30, 2001 and 2000 consolidated financial statements. In
our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied.
However, we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the
June 30, 2001 and 2000 consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries other than with respect to such adjustments
and, accordingly, do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on
the June 30, 2001 and 2000 consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.

/s/ KPMG LLP


St. Louis, Missouri
September 24, 2002


                                       48


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c71930exv23w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2


                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



We have not been able to obtain, after reasonable efforts, the written consent
from our former independent public accountant, Arthur Andersen LLP, to our
incorporation by reference on Form 10-K pertaining to D&K Healthcare Resources,
Inc. of their report dated August 7, 2001 with respect to the financial
statements and the supplemental schedule of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2001, as
required by Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Accordingly,
you will be unable to recover amounts sought in any action against Arthur
Andersen LLP, the former independent public accountant, pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933 and the regulations thereunder, and therefore any right
of recovery may be limited as a result of the lack of that consent.





















                                       49

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
