-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KOaTmktq7WraAeL5tvw3mamTXUkTxg7CTpxsBOdzTfu1rliwp7Uh5M2HSfi2Hkbj
 t5USDo24xn/81+0MwI16IA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950134-03-013084.txt : 20030929
<SEC-HEADER>0000950134-03-013084.hdr.sgml : 20030929
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20030929121320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-03-013084
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20030630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20030929

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888914
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				431465483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20348
		FILM NUMBER:		03914105

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8235 FORSYTH BLVD
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3147273485

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8235 FORSYTH BLVD
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	D & K WHOLESALE DRUG INC/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c79770e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

  For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2003         Commission File Number 0-20348

                        D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              Delaware                                   43-1465483
   (State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
   incorporation or organization)

                   8235 Forsyth Boulevard, St. Louis, Missouri
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

                                      63105
                                   (Zip Code)

                                 (314) 727-3485
               Registrant's telephone number, including area code

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par
                                                               value $.01
                 Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights
                                        (Title of Class)

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant: approximately $190,055,584 as of September 19, 2003.

         Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of September 19,
2003, 13,973,603 shares of Common Stock, par value $.01, were outstanding.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer. Yes [X]
No [ ]

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the following documents are incorporated by reference in the Part of
this report indicated below:

Part II - Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Stockholders

Part III - Registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

GENERAL

         D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. is a full-service wholesale distributor
of branded and generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter healthcare and
beauty aid products. We serve three classes of customers:

         -        INDEPENDENT AND REGIONAL PHARMACIES: Located in 26 states
                  primarily in the Midwest, Upper Midwest and South, these D&K
                  customers generally operate single or multisite locations in
                  one or more states.

         -        NATIONAL ACCOUNTS: D&K national account customers generally
                  operate a large number of locations in multiple regions of the
                  United States.

         -        OTHER HEALTHCARE PROVIDERS: These D&K customers include
                  hospitals, alternate-site care providers and pharmacy benefit
                  management companies located in our 26-state primary
                  distribution territory.

         We serve our customers by distributing a broad range of products
through six distribution facilities located in Missouri, Kentucky, Minnesota,
South Dakota and Florida. We also offer a number of proprietary information
systems, marketing programs and other business management solutions to assist
customers in operating and growing their businesses. In addition, D&K owns a 70%
equity stake in Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. ("PBI"), an industry leader in
alternate site group purchasing services.

         Sales to independent and regional pharmacies consist of branded
pharmaceuticals (approximately 90% of net sales in fiscal 2003), generic
pharmaceuticals (approximately 7% of net sales in fiscal 2003) and
over-the-counter health and beauty aid products (approximately 3% of net sales
in fiscal 2003). Our national accounts trade class sales are predominantly
branded pharmaceuticals.

         On March 13, 2002, we declared a two-for-one stock split in the form of
a stock dividend effective April 12, 2002. We have adjusted all share and per
share amounts in this report and in the consolidated financial statements to
retroactively reflect this stock split.

         On July 5, 2001, we completed a secondary stock offering of
approximately 4.8 million shares of our common stock. We used the net proceeds
of approximately $77 million to repay debt.

         In July 2001, as part of the secondary stock offering, we increased our
ownership percentage in PBI to 68%, and in August 2001 we increased our
ownership another 2%. We increased our ownership by exchanging PBI stock for
shares of D&K common stock as provided for in the transaction agreement for
acquiring our initial 50% ownership interest. We describe these transactions
more fully in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.

         On June 15, 2001, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of
Diversified Healthcare, LLC, a pharmaceutical distribution company based in
Owensboro, Kentucky that provides comprehensive pharmaceutical distribution
services to customers in the Midwest region.

         On June 1, 1999, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Jewett
Drug Co., a pharmaceutical distribution company based in Aberdeen, South Dakota
that provides comprehensive pharmaceutical distribution services to customers in
the Upper Midwest and Great Plains regions.

         We believe that our size, decentralized operating structure and high
level of customer service provide us with competitive advantages and position us
to benefit from trends impacting our industry. The national wholesale
distributors are growing in size and scale as they pursue a strategy to become
primary distributors to national pharmacies and other large healthcare
providers. We believe their approach creates opportunities for us to effectively
compete with them based on our business focus and differentiated service
offering.

                                       2

<PAGE>

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

         Wholesale pharmaceutical distributors serve pharmacies and healthcare
providers as a single source for pharmaceutical and over-the-counter health and
beauty aid products from hundreds of different manufacturers. Wholesale
pharmaceutical distributors lower customer inventory costs, provide efficient
and timely product delivery, and provide valuable inventory and purchasing
information. Also, value-added programs developed by wholesale pharmaceutical
distributors, including packaging, stockless inventory and pharmacy computer
systems, help customers reduce costs and improve operating efficiencies.

         Wholesale pharmaceutical distributors are an important distribution
channel for pharmaceutical manufacturers, accounting for approximately 73% of
the $192.2 billion of prescription drug sales to retailers and institutions
during 2002. Wholesale pharmaceutical distribution industry sales increased from
$2.4 billion in 1970 to an estimated $139.7 billion in 2002, growth we expect to
continue. Several principal factors contribute to this historical and
anticipated growth:

         -        AGING POPULATION: The number of individuals in the United
                  States over age 65 grew from approximately 12.3 million in
                  1950 to approximately 35 million in 2000; the U.S. Census
                  Bureau projects it will increase to more than 70 million by
                  the year 2030. This demographic group represents the largest
                  percentage of new prescriptions filled and obtains more
                  prescriptions per capita annually than any other age group.

         -        INCREASED PHARMACEUTICAL USE: In recent years, a number of
                  factors have contributed to the growth in drug-based therapies
                  to prevent and treat disease. These include increased research
                  and development spending by manufacturers leading to new
                  pharmaceutical introductions; the lower costs of drug-based
                  therapy relative to surgery; and increased direct-to-consumer
                  advertising by manufacturers.

         -        IMPORTANCE OF WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL: In response to
                  the rising costs and complexity of inventory management and
                  product distribution, pharmaceutical manufacturers are relying
                  increasingly on wholesale distributors to fill these functions
                  more efficiently. Over the past decade, as the cost and
                  complexity of maintaining inventories and arranging for
                  delivery of pharmaceutical products has risen, manufacturers
                  of pharmaceuticals have significantly increased the
                  distribution of their products through wholesalers. Drug
                  wholesalers are generally able to offer their customers and
                  suppliers more efficient distribution and inventory management
                  than pharmaceutical manufacturers. As a result, from 1990 to
                  2002, the percentage of total pharmaceutical sales through
                  wholesale distributors increased from approximately 57% to
                  approximately 73%.

         -        RISING PHARMACEUTICAL PRICES. For more than a decade, the
                  manufacturers' price increases for branded pharmaceuticals
                  have met or exceeded the overall increases in the Consumer
                  Price Index. We believe this trend will continue largely
                  because the relatively inelastic demand for branded
                  pharmaceuticals supports the higher prices charged for
                  patented drugs as manufacturers attempt to recoup costs
                  associated with developing, testing, and seeking U.S. Food and
                  Drug Administration approval of new products. From 1990 to
                  2002, the average retail price of a prescription increased
                  from $22.06 to $53.87.

CUSTOMERS AND PRODUCTS

         Our customer base consists of independent and regional pharmacies,
national pharmacy chains (national accounts), and other healthcare providers.
Independent pharmacies are generally community-based and, we believe, benefit
the most from our customized sales, information systems, and other value-added
services. Regional pharmacies generally focus on serving people from multiple
sites in one or more states. National accounts generally have stores located in
more than one region in the United States; they include supermarket and mass
merchandiser pharmacies. Other healthcare providers consist of hospitals, other
alternate-site care providers (including nursing homes, clinics, home health
services and managed care organizations), and pharmacy benefit management
companies.

         We are committed to serving the unique needs of independent and
regional pharmacies and have structured our business and operating model to do
this efficiently and profitably.

         We operate on a fiscal year-end of June 30. Unless otherwise indicated,
all further references to "2003," "2002," and "2001" in this document will mean
our fiscal years ended June 30, 2003, June 30, 2002, and June 30, 2001,
respectively.

                                       3

<PAGE>

NET SALES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                        2003                        2002                        2001
                                      ---------------------       ---------------------       ---------------------
                                         AMOUNT     PERCENT          AMOUNT     PERCENT          AMOUNT     PERCENT
                                      ---------------------       ---------------------       ---------------------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Independent and regional pharmacies   $ 1,156,460     52.0%       $ 1,089,326     44.4%       $   748,399     45.5%
National accounts                         929,582     41.8%         1,246,654     50.8%           796,611     48.4%
Other healthcare providers                126,333      5.7%           107,517      4.4%            98,148      5.9%
PBI / Software sales (1)                   11,013      0.5%            10,251      0.4%             2,835      0.2%
                                      --------------------        --------------------        --------------------
         Total                        $ 2,223,388    100.0%       $ 2,453,748    100.0%       $ 1,645,993    100.0%
                                      ====================        ====================        ====================
</TABLE>

- ---------------------

(1) For FY 2003 and FY 2002, includes sales from PBI, which is now consolidated.

         During 2003, 2002 and 2001, our 10 largest customers accounted for
approximately 43.1%, 56.4%, and 49.4%, respectively, of our net sales. Our
largest customer during 2003 accounted for approximately 9% of our net sales.
Our largest customer in 2002 and 2001 accounted for approximately 24% and 16% of
our net sales, respectively.

Independent and Regional Pharmacies

         Since our inception, one of our primary strategies has been to focus on
serving the specialized needs of independent and regional pharmacies. While our
larger national competitors increasingly organize their businesses around
serving the primary needs of national pharmacy chains and national contracts
with group purchasing organizations and pharmacy benefit managers, we are
organized to profitably and efficiently provide all of our services to our
independent and regional pharmacy customers in 26 states, primarily in the
Midwest, Upper Midwest, and South from our six distribution centers in five
states. Our independent and regional pharmacy business grew from $748.4 million
in net sales in 2001 to $1,156.5 million in 2003.

         Our product offerings to independent and regional pharmacies consist of
more than 25,000 SKUs, including branded and generic pharmaceuticals and
over-the-counter health and beauty aid products. We deliver these products
directly to the stores of our independent pharmacy customers and deliver both to
the stores and warehouses of our regional pharmacy customers if they maintain
centralized inventory.

         Our decentralized organization allows our distribution centers to form
strong, attentive and responsive business relationships with our independent and
regional pharmacy customers. Each center has the personnel and capabilities to
autonomously provide customized distribution, information systems, inventory
management and other services to our local independent and regional pharmacy
customers. We believe that we fulfill our customers' orders with a high degree
of speed and accuracy and that they value our flexibility and willingness to
meet and accommodate their special requests and needs. We believe that the large
national wholesale distributors, which are organized to serve primarily large
national pharmacies and national contracts, do not have the operating
flexibility to service independent and regional pharmacies as we do.

National Accounts (previously referred to as National Pharmacy Chains)

         We have a significant business serving as a secondary supplier of
high-volume branded pharmaceuticals to national pharmacies and other national
accounts that is built on our strong independent and regional pharmacy business
and our competitive position and solid relationships with pharmaceutical
manufacturers. We provide our national account customers with more than 1,600
branded and generic bulk pharmaceuticals that we purchase from pharmaceutical
manufacturers on favorable terms. Our net revenues from these sales grew from
$796.6 million in 2001 to $1,246.7 million in 2002, before dropping to $929.6
million in 2003. The reduction in 2003 relates to fewer attractively priced
purchase opportunities, particularly from one supplier that accounted for
approximately $554 million in sales during 2002 and approximately $83 million in
2003. As a result, we began to establish a broader business base in this trade
class, increasing the number of suppliers, customers and the number of products
we carry by more than 30%. We plan to continue our efforts to broaden and
diversify the composition of sales in the national accounts trade class with the
goal of replacing the lost business.

                                       4

<PAGE>

         Our industry is subject to regulations that require organizations that
distribute or sell pharmaceuticals to trace the detailed history of products
back to the manufacturer or an authorized distributor. We purchase the vast
majority of our pharmaceuticals directly from manufacturers; the balance comes
directly from authorized distributors or otherwise is obtained in accordance
with applicable law. We believe our reputation and conservative business
practices make us a desirable business partner for pharmaceutical manufacturers
and national pharmacy chains.

         We use our longstanding manufacturer and national account relationships
to provide services that benefit both our customers and our suppliers. We have
developed and maintain the reputation and contacts that enable us to identify
opportunities to purchase branded pharmaceuticals from manufacturers at
attractive prices. In addition to our experience and expertise, we also employ
sophisticated information and inventory management systems to project the demand
for products in advance of purchasing them for distribution.

Additional Services

         Consistent with our strategy to offer a high level of customer service
to our customers, we offer a number of proprietary information systems,
marketing, and other business management solutions to help customers operate and
grow their businesses profitably. Through our Tykon, Inc. subsidiary, we have
developed and market a proprietary order entry and confirmation system to the
drug distribution industry. We offer and fully support these services from our
distribution centers. Although we make these services available to all
customers, our independent pharmacy customers profit most from these services
and are the heaviest users. Our services and support provide independent and
regional pharmacies with resources normally available only to larger businesses.
In providing these resources, we believe that we enable them to operate more
efficiently and competitively and that we increase our value to them.

         Principal elements of our service offering to our customers include:

         -        Order entry and confirmation systems: These include
                  RESOURCE(SM), a proprietary order entry/order confirmation
                  system, based on Tykon's ORDER-LYNX software, that completely
                  automates all order creation, transmission and confirmation
                  operations, and PARTNERS(SM), a fully automated and
                  customizable replenishment software system which helps
                  pharmacies more efficiently coordinate product supply and
                  demand. These proprietary order entry and confirmation systems
                  help customers improve their margins and significantly reduce
                  their working capital needs through effective inventory
                  management.

         -        Dispensing management systems: SCRIPTMASTER(R) gives customers
                  computerized order entry, point-of-sale capabilities,
                  inventory control, patient histories, drug interactions and
                  pharmacy reimbursement. This service provides pharmacies with
                  cost savings and enhanced efficiencies as well as
                  manufacturers with valuable prescription histories.

         -        Merchandising and marketing services: Under our
                  MedPlus(R)identity program, we plan and coordinate cooperative
                  advertising programs for our customers and provide various
                  promotional products, including single-source generics from
                  leading pharmaceutical manufacturers at highly competitive
                  prices. MedPlus(R)also offers new product introduction
                  programs, point-of-sale materials, calendars, blood pressure
                  testing units, automatic new product distribution, rack
                  jobbing, store fixtures and retail employee training programs.
                  Other services offered under MedPlus(R)include: retail
                  merchandising, inventory management systems, electronic order
                  entry, shelf labels and price stickers, private label
                  products, monthly feature promotions, home healthcare
                  marketing programs, store layout assistance, business
                  management reports, pharmacy computer systems and monthly
                  catalogs.

OPERATIONS

         We are an organization of locally managed pharmaceutical wholesale
distribution centers. Each distribution center has its own executive, sales and
operations staff. Management compensation at each center is determined by that
center's operating results. These operations use our corporate staff for
procurement, marketing, financial, legal and executive management resources; the
corporate staff also manages assets and working capital. Our decentralized sales
and distribution network, combined with our centralized procurement and
corporate support, enable us to provide high levels of specialized customer
service while minimizing administrative expenses and maximizing volume discounts
for product purchases.

                                       5

<PAGE>

         Our distribution centers include computer systems and sophisticated
materials handling equipment for receiving, storing and distributing large
quantities and varieties of products. We continuously seek to improve our
warehouse automation technologies to maximize operational efficiencies on a
cost-effective basis. Our distribution centers receive virtually all orders
electronically and, upon receipt, the warehouse-management system produces
"picking documents" that contain product selection, loading and truck routing
information. The system also provides customized price information (geared to
the customers' local markets) or individual price stickers that accompany each
shipment to facilitate the customers' item pricing. Our distribution centers can
ship virtually all orders in less than 24 hours after customers place them. We
deliver orders using our fleet of trucks and vans or contract carriers.

         In May 2003, we announced that construction had begun on an expansion
of our Cape Girardeau, Missouri distribution center. We will add 60,000 square
feet to the existing building to nearly double the size of the facility. In
addition to expanding the facility size, we will install new automated machinery
and equipment including sophisticated materials handling equipment for
receiving, storing and distributing large quantities and varieties of products.
We estimate completion of this expansion during the third quarter of fiscal
2004.

SALES AND MARKETING

         We employ sales and customer service representatives at each of our
distribution centers. Our sales representatives receive regular training to
continuously improve customer service and to provide them with the skills and
resources for increasing business with existing customers and establishing new
customer relationships. Each distribution center also maintains a
telephone-based customer service department staffed with trained representatives
who answer customer questions and solve problems.

         We focus our marketing efforts on developing and maintaining primary
relationships with customers. Our sales force emphasizes frequent personal
interaction with customers, who come to rely on our dependability and
responsiveness, order accuracy and the breadth of our product line. Our
customers also rely on our sales force for assistance with advertising,
merchandising, stocking and inventory management.

         We believe that our distribution center-based service differentiates us
from our national competitors; it is a key element in our marketing program. Our
decentralized customer service staffs focus on developing relationships with
customers, responding quickly to customer inquiries, and placing orders
accurately and efficiently.

         In July 2003, we entered into an agreement with Parata Systems, LLC to
become the exclusive distributor of their robotic dispensing system (RDS) for
independent and regional pharmacies in a 23-state region and Puerto Rico. The
Parata RDS is specifically designed to meet the needs of retail pharmacies by
automating up to 150 prescriptions per hour. The RDS uses a bar-coded
maintenance system to ensure accuracy and eliminate potential for operator
error. Faced with shortages of qualified pharmacists and pharmacy technicians,
the Parata RDS can be a significant tool to increase efficiency, effectiveness
and accuracy, and provide pharmacists with more time for interactions with
patients.

PURCHASING AND INVENTORY CONTROL

         We use sophisticated inventory control and purchasing software to track
inventory, analyze demand history, and project future demand. Our system is
designed to enhance profit margins by eliminating the manual ordering process,
allowing for automatic inventory replenishment, and identifying inventory buying
opportunities.

         We purchase products from approximately 1,200 suppliers. During 2003
and 2002, our 10 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 57% and 71%,
respectively, of our purchases by dollar volume. Our largest supplier accounted
for approximately 8% (by dollar volume) of our purchases during 2003 and
approximately 22% (by dollar volume) of our purchases during 2002. The majority
of our supply contracts are terminable by either party upon short notice and
without penalty, a common industry practice. We believe that our relationships
with our suppliers are strong.

                                       6

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS

         Each of our distribution centers operates as a distinct business with
complete system functionality including sales order, inventory, and
transportation management; customer service; accounts payable and receivable;
general ledger; and financial reporting.

         We use the JD Edwards OneWorld(TM) product as our Enterprise Resource
Planning (ERP) software package to integrate all these functions, which were
previously maintained separately by each distribution center. Completed in July
2003, the new system consolidates operations in St. Louis and Cape Girardeau,
Missouri, and provides us with significantly improved operations management and
financial reporting systems.

BUYING GROUP

         In November 1995, we purchased 50% of Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc.
(PBI), a Colorado-based group purchasing organization PBI, with over 3,000
member organizations, is one of the largest pharmaceutical group purchasing
organizations in the United States. PBI's members include long-term care
providers, home infusion providers and medical equipment distributors. In
connection with our secondary stock offering in July 2001, we increased our
ownership in PBI to 68%, and acquired an additional 2% in a subsequent
transaction in August 2001. The resulting consolidation of PBI's operations
increased our gross profit and gross margin percentage but had no effect on
earnings per share. PBI represented 0.3% of our net sales in both 2003 and 2002
and 8.6% and 7.3% of our gross profit in 2003 and 2002, respectively.

COMPETITION

         The wholesale distribution of branded and generic pharmaceuticals and
over-the-counter health and beauty aid products, is highly competitive. National
and regional distributors compete primarily on the basis of service and price.
Other competitive factors include delivery service, credit terms, breadth of
product line, customer support, merchandising and marketing programs. We compete
with national, regional, and other wholesale distributors, pharmaceutical
manufacturers, generic pharmaceutical telemarketers and specialty distributors
for product purchases and financial support in the form of trade credit from
manufacturers. Certain of our competitors, including McKesson Corporation,
AmerisourceBergen Corporation, and Cardinal Health, Inc., have significantly
greater financial and marketing resources.

EMPLOYEES

         As of August 31, 2003, we employed 466 persons; 414 were full-time
employees. Approximately 37 employees at our Minneapolis distribution center are
covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the Miscellaneous Drivers,
Helpers and Warehousemen's Union, Local 638, which expires in March 2004.
Approximately 13 employees at our Jewett Drug Co. subsidiary are covered by a
collective bargaining agreement with the General Drivers and Helpers Union Local
749, affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, which expires
February 29, 2004. We believe we have good employee relations.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         Certain statements in this document regarding future events, prospects,
projections or financial performance are forward looking statements. Such
forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and may be identified by
words such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends" and
similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to
risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results could differ materially
from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors, including without
limitation, the competitive nature of the wholesale pharmaceutical distribution
industry with many competitors having substantially greater resources than D&K
Healthcare, the company's ability to maintain or improve its operating margins
with the industry's competitive pricing pressures, the company's customers and
suppliers generally having the right to terminate or reduce their purchases or
shipments on relatively short notice, the availability of investment purchasing
opportunities, the changing business and regulatory environment of the
healthcare industry in which the company operates, including manufacturer's
pricing or distribution policies or practices, changes in private and
governmental reimbursement or in the delivery systems for healthcare products,

                                       7

<PAGE>

changes in interest rates, and other factors set forth in reports and other
documents filed by D&K Healthcare with the Securities and Exchange Commission
from time to time. The reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. D&K Healthcare
undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements.

Item 2. Properties

         We conduct our business from a total of nine office, warehouse and
satellite depot facilities:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       LOCATION                              DESCRIPTION                      SQUARE FOOTAGE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                                     <C>
Cape Girardeau, Missouri (1)          Distribution and administration             66,000
Lexington, Kentucky (1)               Distribution and administration             61,900
Minneapolis, Minnesota (2)            Distribution and administration             63,000
Aberdeen, South Dakota (1)            Distribution and administration             40,000
Weston, Florida (1)                   Distribution and administration             24,000
Owensboro, Kentucky (2)               Distribution and administration             34,000
Caguas, Puerto Rico (1                Distribution and administration              5,000
Boulder, Colorado (1)                 PBI headquarters                             5,500
St. Louis, Missouri (1)               Corporate offices                           31,765
</TABLE>

- ------------
1) Leased.

2) Owned.

         We also maintain warehouse and satellite depot facilities in Missouri
and Kentucky that enable us to efficiently distribute products on a timely
basis. During fiscal 2004 we began expansion of our Cape Girardeau facility to
add approximately 60,000 square feet to the current facility. In addition, in
August 2003, we entered into a lease for a 70,100 square foot facility in Flower
Mound, Texas, which is near Dallas. We expect this facility to be in operation
by December 2003 and will replace the Weston, Florida facility. We believe our
facilities are adequate to support our present business plans.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

         No significant legal proceedings are pending against us.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         We did not submit any matters to a vote of our security holders during
the quarter ended June 30, 2003.

Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant

         The name, age and position of each of our executive officers are set
forth below.

         J. Hord Armstrong, III, 62, has served as Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer and Treasurer, and a director since December 1987. Prior to
joining us, Mr. Armstrong served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Arch Mineral Corporation, a coal mining and sales corporation, from 1981 to
1987, and as its Treasurer from 1978 to 1981.

         Martin D. Wilson, 42, has served as President and Chief Operating
Officer since January 1996, as Secretary from August 1993 to April 1999 and as a
director since 1997. Mr. Wilson served as Executive Vice President, Finance and
Administration from May 1995 to January 1996, as Vice President, Finance and
Administration from April 1991 to

                                       8

<PAGE>

May 1995, and as Controller from March 1988 to April 1991. Prior to joining us,
Mr. Wilson was associated with KPMG Peat Marwick, a public accounting firm. Mr.
Wilson serves as a Trustee of the St. Louis College of Pharmacy.

         Thomas S. Hilton, 51, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer since January 1999. Between May 1980 and June 1998, Mr. Hilton
was employed by the Peabody Group, a coal mining and sales corporation in a
variety of management positions including Vice President and Treasurer from
March 1993 to May 1995, and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from May
1995 to June 1998.

         Leonard R. Benjamin, 53, has served as Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary since April 1999. Between January 1999 and April 1999, Mr.
Benjamin was Assistant General Counsel of Innovex Corporation, a provider of
sales forces to the pharmaceutical industry. Between October 1998 and January
1999, Mr. Benjamin was counsel to KWS&P/SFA Inc., a software provider to the
pharmaceutical industry. Between April 1994 and July 1998, Mr. Benjamin was
Associate General Counsel, then Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary to
Walsh International Inc., a software provider to the pharmaceutical industry.

         Brian G. Landry, 47, has served as Vice President and Chief Information
Officer since April 2000. Mr. Landry previously served as Vice President,
information systems product management from April 1999 to April 2000 and as Vice
President and General Manager of our Minneapolis distribution center from
November 1996 to April 1999. From October 1992 to October 1996, Mr. Landry was
employed by Cardinal Health as a general manager of a distribution center.

                                       9

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

         The information set forth under the caption "Price Range Per Common
Share" on the inside back cover of the registrant's 2003 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by this reference.

         The following table contains certain information concerning shares of
common stock of the company subject to options issued under our 1992 Long-term
Incentive Plan (as amended), 1993 Stock Option Plan (as amended) and 2001
Long-term Incentive Plan. Our stockholders approved the 1992 Long-term
Incentive Plan and the 2001 Long-term Incentive Plan. The 1993 Stock Option Plan
(the 1993 Plan) is for employees and certain others (not company directors or
executive officers) who perform services for us and did not require shareholder
approval. Under the 1993 Plan, we can grant options that do not qualify as
incentive stock options at a price not less than fair market value of the
company's common stock at the time of grant. The term of the options cannot
exceed 10 years from the date of grant. There were 700,000 shares authorized
under the 1993 Plan.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                          NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                                                     REMAINING AVAILABLE FOR FUTURE
                                   NUMBER OF SECURITIES TO BE                                            ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY
                                     ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF          WEIGHTED-AVERAGE EXERCISE           COMPENSATION PLANS
                                      OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,          PRICE OF OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,         (EXCLUDING SECURITIES
                                      WARRANTS AND RIGHTS                WARRANTS AND RIGHTS            REFLECTED IN COLUMN (a))
         PLAN CATEGORY                       (a)                                (b)                             (c)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>                              <C>                              <C>
Equity compensation plans
approved by stockholders                    1,152,066                          $15.36                           604,636
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equity compensation plans not
approved by stockholders                      136,250                          $12.04                                --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             TOTAL                          1,288,316                          $15.01                           604,636
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

         The information set forth under the caption "Financial Highlights" on
the inside front cover of the registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Stockholders is
incorporated herein by this reference.

                                       10

<PAGE>

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         The table below sets forth certain statement of income data for the
last three fiscal years expressed as a percentage of net sales and in comparison
with the prior fiscal year. Unless otherwise indicated, for purposes of this
discussion, all references to "2003," "2002," and "2001" shall mean the
Company's fiscal years ended June 30, 2003, June 30, 2002, and June 30, 2001,
respectively.

         The table below contains certain operations data for the last three
years expressed as a percentage of net sales and in comparison with the prior
year:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PERCENTAGE CHANGE FROM
                                            PERCENTAGE OF NET SALES                            PRIOR YEAR
                                   -------------------------------------------         --------------------------
                                     2003              2002             2001           2002-2003        2001-2002
                                   --------          --------         --------         ---------        ---------
<S>                                <C>               <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Net sales                          100.00%           100.00%          100.00%            (9.4)%           49.1%
Gross profit                         4.08%             4.19%            4.18%           (11.8)%           49.4%
Total operating expenses            (2.44%)           (2.30%)          (2.54%)           (3.9)%           34.9%
                                   ------            ------           ------
Income from operations               1.64%             1.89%            1.64%           (21.5)%           72.0%
Interest expense, net               (0.48%)           (0.40%)          (0.73%)            9.7%           (18.7%)
Securitization termination costs    (0.09%)              --               --               NM               --
Other, net                          (0.00%)           (0.03%)           0.00%              NM               NM
Income tax provision                (0.41%)           (0.58%)          (0.36%)          (35.8)%          139.7%
Minority interest                   (0.03%)           (0.03%)           -                (3.4)%             NA
                                   ------            ------           ------
Net income before cumulative
 effect of accounting change         0.63%             0.86%            0.56%           (33.8)%          130.3%
Cumulative effect of
 accounting change, net             (0.19%)                --             --               NM               --
                                   ------            ------           ------
Net income                           0.44%             0.86%            0.56%           (54.0)%          130.3%
                                   ======            ======           ======
</TABLE>

FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2003 COMPARED WITH THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2002

         NET SALES Net sales decreased $230.4 million to $2.223 billion, or
9.4%, 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The sales
decline was in the national accounts trade class and related to fewer
attractively priced purchase opportunities. Sales to independent and regional
pharmacies increased $67.1 million to $1.156 billion, or 6.2%, primarily as a
result of the net increase in sales to existing customers. National accounts
sales decreased $317.1 million to $929.6 million, or 25.4%, compared to 2002
related to fewer attractively priced purchase opportunities of approximately
$554 million partially offset by sales to new customers of approximately $235
million. Sales to other healthcare providers increased $18.8 million to $126.3
million, or 17.5% as a result of new customers.

         During 2003 we made no dock-to-dock sales, which historically were not
included in net sales due to our accounting policy of recording only the
commission on such transactions as a reduction to cost of sales in our
consolidated statements of operations. Dock-to-dock sales represent bulk sales
of pharmaceuticals to self-warehousing chain pharmacies for which we act only as
an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products to the
customers' warehouses. The commission on dock-to-dock sales is typically lower
than the gross profit realized on sales of products from inventory. Dock-to-dock
sales were $70.5 million during 2002.

         GROSS PROFIT Gross profit decreased $12.1 million to $90.7 million, or
11.8%, for 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. As a
percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased from 4.19% to 4.08% for 2003,
compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in gross
margin percentage was due to the impact on our prices of the competitive forces
in the business.

         OPERATING EXPENSES Operating expenses (including depreciation and
amortization) decreased $2.2 million to $54.3 million, or 3.9%, for 2003
compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The ratio of operating
expenses to net sales for 2003 was 2.44%, a 14 basis point increase from the
comparable period of the prior year. The

                                       11

<PAGE>

decrease in operating expenses resulted from the elimination of approximately
$2.5 million of goodwill amortization related to our adoption of SFAS 142,
offset by higher depreciation expense of approximately $0.4 million related to
the new ERP computer system that was fully implemented during 2003. The ratio of
operating expense to net sales increased due to the decrease in national
accounts sales.

         INTEREST EXPENSE, NET Net interest expense increased $0.9 million to
$10.7 million, or 9.7%, for 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the
prior year. As a percentage of net sales, net interest expense increased to
0.48% from 0.40% for 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the prior
year. The increase in net interest expense was primarily the result of higher
average borrowing levels driven by higher average investment in inventory.

         SECURITIZATION TERMINATION COSTS In March 2003, we entered into a new
credit facility that resulted in the termination of the existing accounts
receivable securitization agreement. As a result, a one-time charge of $2.0
million was incurred during the third quarter of 2003. These costs were
associated with eliminating a $50 million fixed rate component of the accounts
receivable securitization program.

         INCOME TAX PROVISION Our effective income tax rate was 38.2% for 2003
compared to 39.3% for the corresponding period of the prior year. These rates
were different from the statutory blended federal and state rates primarily
because of the impact of state income taxes. Our effective rate is lower than
the corresponding period of last year due to the impact of the sales mix on the
blended state income tax rate.

         MINORITY INTEREST Minority interest remained at $0.7 million for 2003.
We began recording minority interest during 2002 as a result of our additional
investment in PBI in July 2001.

         CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGE, NET As a result of the adoption
of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets", we recognized an impairment loss of approximately $7.0
million ($4.2 million net of tax) during the first quarter of 2003. This
impairment results from an appraisal valuation and relates to goodwill
originally established for the acquisition of Jewett Drug Co.

FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2002 COMPARED WITH THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2001

         NET SALES Net sales increased $807.8 million to $2.454 billion, or
49.1% for 2002 compared with the prior year, with growth primarily from
independent and regional pharmacies and from national accounts. Sales to
independent and regional pharmacies increased $346.7 million to $1.095 billion,
or 46.3%, a result of the addition of DHI for a full year with $180.0 million of
net sales with the balance of the increase split relatively evenly between
increase in sales to existing customers and the addition of new customers.
National accounts sales increased $450.0 million to $1.247 billion, or 56.5% in
2002; we used proceeds from our equity offering primarily to capitalize on
opportunities in this trade class. Sales to other healthcare providers increased
$3.6 million to $101.7 million, or 3.6% .

         We made replenishment purchases and investment purchases with our
largest supplier in 2002, including both forward purchasing and attractively
priced purchasing opportunities. We continue to make replenishment and forward
purchases, but do not anticipate any attractively priced purchasing
opportunities in the near future, with this supplier.

         In addition, we made $70.5 million in dock-to-dock sales in 2002 that
are not included in net sales. It is our accounting policy to record only the
commission on such transactions as a reduction to cost of sales in our
consolidated statements of operations. Dock-to-dock sales represent bulk
pharmaceutical sales delivered from manufacturers directly to self-warehousing
chain pharmacies; we act only as an intermediary. Our commission on dock-to-dock
sales is typically lower than the gross profit we realize on sales of products
from inventory. Dock-to-dock sales were $85.1 million during 2001.

         GROSS PROFIT Gross profit increased $34.0 million to $102.8 million, or
49.4% for 2002 compared with the prior year. As a percentage of net sales, gross
margin increased from 4.18% to 4.19% for 2002 compared with the prior year. The
slight increase in gross margin percentage, due to the inclusion of PBI, was
partially offset by competitive forces and a slightly higher mix of national
accounts, which normally have lower gross margins.

         OPERATING EXPENSES Operating expenses (including depreciation and
amortization) increased $14.6 million to $56.5 million, or 34.9% for 2002
compared with the prior year. The ratio of operating expenses to net sales for
2002 was 2.30%, a 9.4% decrease from 2001. The increase in operating expenses
included the addition of DHI and PBI operating expenses of $9.2 million, higher
sales-based compensation of $2.1 million, and higher depreciation

                                       12

<PAGE>

expense of $1.0 million related to portions of the implementation of the ERP
computer system. The ratio of operating expense to net sales fell because
national accounts, which grew in 2002, have lower incremental operating costs.

         INTEREST EXPENSE, NET Net interest expense decreased $2.2 million to
$9.7 million, or 18.7% for 2002 compared with the prior year. As a percentage of
net sales, net interest expense decreased to 0.40% from 0.72% for 2002 compared
with 2001. The decrease in net interest expense was primarily the result of
lower average borrowing rates.

         INCOME TAX PROVISION Our effective income tax rate was 39.3% for 2002
compared with 39.2% for 2001. These rates differed from statutory blended
federal and state rates primarily because the amortization of intangible assets
was not deductible for federal and state income tax purposes. Our effective rate
was slightly higher than the corresponding period in 2001 due to the impact of
the sales mix on the blended state income tax rate.

         MINORITY INTEREST We began recording minority interest during 2002 as a
result of our additional investment in PBI in July 2001. Prior to 2002, we
accounted for our investment under the equity method and recorded our portion of
the PBI earnings accordingly.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         On March 31, 2003, the Company entered into a new $600 million credit
facility. The credit facility, an asset-based senior secured revolving credit
facility, increased our available credit from $430 million to $600 million. The
new single credit facility replaced a $230 million revolving bank line of credit
and a $200 million accounts receivable securitization program. Under the credit
facility, the total amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding at any
time cannot exceed the lesser of an amount based on percentages of eligible
receivables and inventories (the borrowing base formula). Total credit available
at June 30, 2003 was approximately $256 million of which approximately $126
million was unused. The interest rate on the new credit facility is based on the
30-day London Interbank Offering Rate (LIBOR) plus a factor based on certain
financial criteria. The interest rate was 3.36% at June 30, 2003.

         Under the terms of the credit facility , we are required to comply with
certain financial covenants, including those related to a fixed charge coverage
ratio and tangible net worth. We are also limited in our ability to make loans
and investments, enter into leases, or incur additional debt, among other
things, without the consent of its lenders. We are in compliance with the debt
covenants as of June 30, 2003.

         The new credit facility resulted in the termination of the existing
accounts receivable securitization agreement. As a result, a one-time charge of
$2.0 million was incurred during the third fiscal quarter of 2003. These costs
were associated with eliminating a $50 million fixed rate component of the
accounts receivable securitization program that had an interest rate of 4.85%.
Under the provisions of SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities," (as amended by SFAS No.
140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities") the accounts receivable sold under the
agreement were removed from the consolidated balance sheet. The amount of
undivided interests in accounts receivable sold were $120.0 million at June 30,
2002.

         We generally meet our working capital requirements through a
combination of internally generated funds, borrowings under the revolving line
of credit and trade credit from our suppliers.

         We use the following ratios as key indicators of our liquidity and
working capital management:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            JUNE 30,        JUNE 30,
                              2003            2002
                           ----------      -----------
<S>                        <C>             <C>
Working capital (000s)     $  215,639      $   182,636
Current ratio               2.14 to 1        1.79 to 1
</TABLE>

         Working capital is total current assets less total current liabilities
on our balance sheet. The current ratio is calculated by dividing total current
assets by total current liabilities.

         Working capital and current ratio at June 30, 2003 are higher than June
30, 2002 levels. Receivables increased as a result of the termination of the
securitization program combined with decreases in both inventory and accounts
payable that are tied to timing of inventory receipts and related payments.

                                       13

<PAGE>

         We invested $2.4 million in capital assets in 2003 compared with $3.4
million in 2002. The 2003 expenditures were primarily related to leasehold
improvements associated with our new corporate offices. The 2002 expenditures
were primarily related to implementing the ERP computer system. This system
integrates sales order, inventory, and transportation management, customer
service, accounts payable and receivable, general ledger, and financial
reporting. We believe that continuing investment in capital assets is necessary
to achieve our goal of improving operational efficiency, thereby enhancing our
productivity and profitability.

         Net cash outflows from financing activities totaled $58.7 million for
2003 with net cash inflows of $61.0 million in 2002. During 2003, repayments
under our revolving line of credit related to the decrease in inventory levels
combined with our purchase of treasury stock produced this result. During 2002,
proceeds from our secondary stock offering were partially offset by increased
repayments under our revolving credit agreement.

         Stockholders' equity increased to $170.1 million at June 30, 2003 from
$167.4 million at June 30, 2002, due to the net earnings during the period
offset by the impact of our purchase of treasury stock during the year. We
believe that funds available under the new credit facility , together with
internally generated funds, will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements
for the foreseeable future.

INFLATION

         We prepare our consolidated financial statements on the basis of
historical costs and they do not reflect changes in the relative purchasing
power of the dollar. Because we take advantage of purchasing opportunities in
anticipation of price increases (forward purchasing), we believe that our gross
profits generally increase when manufacturers increase the prices of products we
distribute. Our gross profits may decline if manufacturers increase prices more
slowly.

         Generally, we pass price increases through to customers, therefore
reducing the negative effect of inflation. During the past three years, we have
offset other non-inventory cost increases such as payroll, supplies and services
by increasing volume and improving productivity.

RECENT TRENDS

         Sales in the national accounts trade class declined in 2003 reflecting
the impact of fewer attractively priced purchase opportunities, particularly
from one supplier, and the impact of fewer product price increases. Sales in the
national accounts trade class have fallen below expectations in the first two
months of 2004, as fewer than anticipated product price increases enacted by
pharmaceutical manufacturers have resulted in lower activity in this trade
class. Changes in manufacturers' inventory management practices resulting in
reduced availability of product have also impacted revenues in this trade class.

         Fewer than anticipated product price increases also resulted in lower
gross profit margin in the independent and regional pharmacies trade class
during the first two months of 2004. However, during this period sales trends in
the trade class show continued growth, with sales increases of approximately
10%, which partially offsets the effect of lower gross profit margins. The
company believes this sales growth reflects improved regional and independent
retail pharmacy industry sales trends in the company's service territory and the
impact of new business.

                                       14

<PAGE>

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying the accounting
policies most critical to our financial statements have a significant impact on
our reported results. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has defined
the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the
portrayal of our financial condition and results, and require us to make our
most difficult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, our most
critical policies include the following: (1) inventory valuation; (2) accounts
receivable; (3) valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets (4) accounting
for stock options; and (5) our former accounts receivable securitization
program. We also have other key accounting policies including policies for
revenue recognition. We believe that these other policies either do not
generally require us to make estimates and judgments that are as difficult or as
subjective as the others listed above, or are less likely to have a significant
impact on our reported results of operations for a given period. For additional
information, see Note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in Item 8
of Part II, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," of this report.
Although we believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are
based upon information available at the time the estimates and assumptions were
made. Actual results may differ significantly from our estimates and our
estimates could be different using different assumptions or conditions.

Inventory Valuation

         Inventories consist of pharmaceutical drugs and related
over-the-counter items, which are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
determined using the first-in, first-out method. We establish reserves for our
inventory to reflect situations in which the cost of the inventory is not
expected to be recovered. We record provisions for inventory reserves as part of
cost of sales. A change in our inventory reserves of $250,000 would impact our
diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.01 based on shares outstanding at
June 30, 2003.

Accounts Receivable

         We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers, including
reviews of their current credit information, and we adjust credit limits based
upon their payment histories and current credit worthiness. We continuously
monitor collections and payments from customers and maintain a provision for
estimated credit losses based upon our historical experience and any specific
customer collection issues we have identified. However, our ultimate ability to
collect receivables depends on the individual customer's financial condition,
which can change rapidly and without warning.

Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets

         We review goodwill and certain identifiable intangible assets when
events or circumstances indicate that the net book value may not be recoverable.
Effective with our adoption of SFAS No. 142,"Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets" in July 2002, we are no longer amortizing goodwill and intangible assets
that have indefinite lives but will test them annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. We will continue to
amortize other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives.

Stock Options

         We account for employee-based stock compensation in accordance with
Accounting Principles Board Opinion ("APB") No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees." Under APB No. 25, we record compensation expense based on a stock
option's intrinsic value, which is the difference between a stock's market value
and the exercise price at the date of grant. As we generally grant stock options
at market value at the date of the grant, our compensation expense as a result
of option grants has been nominal. An alternative to APB No. 25 used by many
companies in accounting for stock options is SFAS No.123, "Stock-Based
Compensation." SFAS No. 123 uses the fair value method in valuing stock options
and requires expensing of such values. Companies determine fair value based on
an option-pricing model, with the Black-Scholes model used most commonly. These
pricing models require using several estimates including the expected life of
the option, volatility of common stock, dividend yields (including estimates of
future dividends and market values of common stock), risk-free interest rates
and employee turnover. In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure, An
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 123" ("SFAS 148"). This statement provides
alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based
method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, SFAS
148 amends the disclosure requirements of Statement No. 123 to require more
prominent disclosures, in both interim and annual financial statements, about
the method of accounting for stock-based employee

                                       15
<PAGE>

compensation and the effect the method used has on reported results. The
provisions of SFAS 148 are effective for fiscal years ending after December 15,
2002 and the interim disclosure provisions are effective for financial reports
containing financial statements for interim periods beginning after December 15,
2002. We will continue to account for stock-based compensation using the
intrinsic value method and have adopted the disclosure requirements prescribed
by SFAS 148. The additional required disclosures have been provided in Note 1 to
the consolidated financial statements.

Accounts Receivable Securitization Program

         We and our wholly owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary ("Seller") had an
accounts receivable securitization program until its termination in March 2003.
Under the program, undivided interests in a pool of eligible trade receivables
that were contributed to the Seller were sold, without recourse, to a
multi-seller, asset backed commercial paper conduit ("Conduit"). Purchases by
the Conduit were financed with the sale of highly rated commercial paper. The
Company utilized proceeds from the sale of its accounts receivable to repay
long-term debt, effectively reducing its overall borrowing costs. Under the
provisions of SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities," (as amended by SFAS No. 140) the
securitization transactions were recorded as sales, with those accounts
receivable sold to the Conduit removed from the consolidated balance sheet. The
Seller was a separate legal entity from the Company. The Seller's assets were
available first and foremost to satisfy the claims of its creditors. Eligible
receivables, as defined in the securitization agreement, consisted of trade
receivables from our subsidiaries, excluding non-pharmaceutical receivables,
reduced for certain items, including past due balances and concentration limits.
Of the eligible pool of receivables contributed to the Seller, undivided
interests in only a portion of the pool were sold to the Conduit. The portion of
eligible receivables not sold to the Conduit remained an asset of the Seller.
The Seller's interest in these receivables was subordinate to the Conduit's
interest in the event of default under the securitization agreement. We
terminated this program in March 2003 in connection with the new debt agreements
entered into at that time. Under this agreement, we were required to buy back
any accounts receivable that were determined to be uncollectable. As a result,
there was no significant change in our reserve for bad debts as a result of the
termination of this program.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

         In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No.148, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure." This statement amends
SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation", to provide alternative
methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, this statement
amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent
disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method
used on reported results. We are required to adopt this standard for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2002. We currently do not plan to change to
the fair value method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation but
will comply with the disclosure requirements of this standard.

         In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement
133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 149 amends SFAS
No. 133 for decisions made as part of the FASB's Derivatives Implementation
Group process, other FASB projects dealing with financial instruments, and in
connection with implementation issues raised in relation to the application of
the definition of a derivative. This statement is generally effective for
contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging
relationships designated after June 30, 2003. We believe that the adoption of
SFAS 149 will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements.

         In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, "Accounting for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity"
("SFAS 150"). SFAS 150 modifies the accounting for certain financial instruments
that, under previous guidance, issuers could account for as equity. SFAS 150
requires that those instruments be classified as liabilities in statements of
financial position and affects an issuer's accounting for (1) mandatorily
redeemable shares, which the issuing company is obligated to buy back in
exchange for cash or other assets, (2) instruments, other than outstanding
shares, that do or may require the issuer to buy back some of its shares in
exchange for cash or other assets, or (3) obligations that can be settled with
shares, the monetary value of which is fixed, tied solely or predominantly to a
variable such as a market index, or varies inversely with the value of the
issuer's shares. In addition to its requirements for the classification and
measurement of financial instruments within its scope, SFAS 150 also requires
disclosures about alternative ways of settling those instruments and the capital
structure of entities, all of whose shares are mandatorily redeemable. SFAS 150
is effective for financial instruments entered into or modified after May 31,
2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first interim period

                                       16

<PAGE>

beginning after June 15, 2003. We believe that the adoption of SFAS 150 will not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         In November 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 45, "Guarantor's
Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect
Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others" (FIN 45). The disclosure requirements of
FIN 45 are effective for our 2003 consolidated financial statements and are
included in our quarterly financial statements beginning with the quarter ending
December 31, 2002. For applicable guarantees issued after January 1, 2003, FIN
45 requires that a guarantor recognize a liability for the fair value of the
obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. Our adoption of the FIN 45
accounting requirements did not have a material effect on our financial
condition or results of operations.

         In January 2003, FASB issued Interpretation No. 46, "Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities" (FIN 46), which requires the consolidation of
variable interest entities, as defined. FIN 46 applies to financial statements
to be issued after 2002; however, disclosures are required currently if any
variable interest entities are expected to be consolidated. We do not have any
entities that will be consolidated as a result of FIN 46.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

         Our primary exposure to market risk consists of changes in interest
rates on borrowings. An increase in interest rates would adversely affect the
operating results and the cash flow available to fund operations and expansion.
Based on the average variable borrowings during 2003, a change of 25 basis
points in the average variable borrowing rate would result in a change of
approximately $0.6 million in annual interest expense. We continually monitor
this risk and review the potential benefits of entering into hedging
transactions, such as interest rate swap agreements, to mitigate the exposure to
interest rate fluctuations. Our hedging arrangements at June 30, 2003 are
described more fully in the footnotes to our consolidated financial statements.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           PAGE
                                                                                           ----
<S>                                                                                       <C>
Independent Auditors' Report                                                              Page 18
Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002                            Page 20
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2003,
  June 30, 2002, and June 30, 2001                                                        Page 21
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
  Ended June 30, 2003, June 30, 2002, and June 30, 2001                                   Page 22
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2003,
  June 30, 2002, and June 30, 2001                                                        Page 23
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                Page 24
</TABLE>

                                       17

<PAGE>

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors
D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2003 and 2002 and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for
the years then ended. In connection with our audits of the consolidated
financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule.
These consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and the financial
statement schedule based on our audits. The consolidated financial statements
and the financial statement schedule of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and
subsidiaries for the year ended June 30, 2001, were audited by other auditors
who have ceased operations. Those auditors expressed an unqualified opinion on
those consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, before
the restatements described in Notes 1, 3, and 15 to the consolidated financial
statements, in their report dated August 7, 2001.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2003 and 2002, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered
in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.

As discussed above, the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended June 30, 2001, as listed
above, were audited by other auditors who have ceased operations. As described
in Note 1, the Company declared a two-for-one stock split in the form of a stock
dividend during the year ending June 30, 2002, and the amounts in the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2001 relating to
all share and per share amounts have been restated to retroactively reflect this
stock split. We audited the adjustments that were applied to restate the share
and per share amounts reflected in the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial
statements. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been
properly applied. However, we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any
procedures to the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial statements of D&K
Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries other than with respect to such
adjustments and, accordingly, do not express an opinion or any other form of
assurance on the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole.

As discussed above, the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended June 30, 2001, as listed
above, were audited by other auditors who have ceased operations. As described
in Note 3, these consolidated financial statements have been revised to include
the transitional disclosures required by Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, which was adopted by
the Company as of July 1, 2002. In our opinion, the disclosures for the year
ended June 30, 2001 in Note 3 are appropriate. However, we were not engaged to
audit, review, or apply any procedures to the June 30, 2001 consolidated
financial statements of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries other
than with respect to such disclosures and, accordingly, we do not express an
opinion or any other form of assurance on the June 30, 2001 consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole.

As discussed above, the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended June 30, 2001, as listed
above, were audited by other auditors who have ceased operations. As described
in Note 15, the Company changed the composition of its reportable segments
during the year ended June 30, 2003, and the amounts in the June 30, 2001
consolidated financial statements relating to reportable segments have been
restated to conform to the June 30, 2003 composition of reportable segments. We
have audited the adjustments that were applied to restate the disclosures for
reportable segments reflected in the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial
statements. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been
properly applied. However, we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any
procedures to the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial statements of D&K
Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries other than with respect to such
adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of
assurance on the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole.

/s/ KPMG LLP

St. Louis, Missouri
August 6, 2003

                                       18

<PAGE>

THIS IS A COPY OF A REPORT PREVIOUSLY ISSUED BY ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP AND HAS NOT
BEEN REISSUED BY ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP. ALL SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS INCLUDED
IN THIS REPORT AND IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR FISCAL 2001 AND
2000 HAVE BEEN ADJUSTED TO RETROACTIVELY REFLECT A TWO-FOR-ONE STOCK SPLIT IN
THE FORM OF A STOCK DIVIDEND THAT OCCURRED IN FISCAL 2002.

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001
and 2000, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30,
2001. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001 and 2000, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
June 30, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States.

Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial
statements taken as a whole. Schedule II is presented for purposes of complying
with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part of the basic
financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing
procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our
opinion, fairly states in all material respects the financial data required to
be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a
whole.

/s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

St. Louis, Missouri
August 7, 2001

                                       19

<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
As of June 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                  2003           2002
                                                                                               ----------     ----------
<S>                                                                                            <C>            <C>
ASSETS
 Current Assets
  Cash (including restricted cash of $14,301 and $11,754 respectively)                         $   14,301     $   11,754
  Receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,604 and $1,374, respectively          122,982         31,217
  Inventories                                                                                     257,984        364,244
  Deferred income taxes                                                                             2,322            897
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                         6,540          5,802
                                                                                               ----------     ----------
         Total current assets                                                                     404,129        413,914
Property and Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
  $10,673 and $9,536, respectively                                                                 11,140         11,104
Other Assets                                                                                       11,511          5,024
Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization                                                          44,105         51,131
Other Intangible Assets, net of accumulated amortization                                            1,810          1,965
                                                                                               ----------     ----------
         Total assets                                                                          $  472,695     $  483,138
                                                                                               ==========     ==========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 Current Liabilities
  Current maturities of long-term debt                                                         $    1,677     $    2,270
  Accounts payable                                                                                173,342        215,777
  Accrued expenses                                                                                 13,471         13,231
                                                                                               ----------     ----------
         Total current liabilities                                                                188,490        231,278
Long-term Liabilities                                                                               3,703          2,757
Deferred Income Taxes                                                                                  --            249
Long-term Debt                                                                                    110,423         81,457
                                                                                               ----------     ----------
         Total liabilities                                                                        302,616        315,741
Stockholders' Equity
  Preferred stock                                                                                      --             --
  Common stock                                                                                        152            151
  Paid-in capital                                                                                 124,704        124,089
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                          (1,371)          (887)
     Deferred compensation - restricted stock                                                        (411)            --
     Retained earnings                                                                             58,415         49,590
     Less treasury stock                                                                          (11,410)        (5,546)
                                                                                               ----------     ----------
         Total stockholders' equity                                                               170,079        167,397
                                                                                               ----------     ----------
         Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                            $  472,695     $  483,138
                                                                                               ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

Preferred stock has no par value; 1 million shares are authorized. In 2003 and
2002, no shares were issued or outstanding.

Common stock has a par value of $.01 per share; 25 million shares are
authorized; 15,177,100 and 15,146,602 shares were issued at June 30,2003 and
2002, respectively. At June 30, 2003, 13,984,300 shares were outstanding and
1,192,800 shares were held in treasury. At June 30 2002, 14,553,802 shares were
outstanding and 592,800 shares were held in treasury.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       20

<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
For the year ended June 30,  (in thousands, except per share data)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        2003             2002             2001
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
<S>                                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>
Net Sales                                                           $  2,223,388     $  2,453,748     $  1,645,993
Cost of Sales                                                          2,132,689        2,350,917        1,577,169
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
     Gross profit                                                         90,699          102,831           68,824
Depreciation and Amortization                                              2,492            4,453            3,428
Operating Expenses                                                        51,820           52,039           38,450
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
     Income from operations                                               36,387           46,339           26,946
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
Other Income (Expense):
     Interest expense                                                    (11,070)         (10,386)         (13,311)
     Interest income                                                         410              667            1,352
     Securitization termination costs                                     (2,008)              --               --
     Equity in net income of PBI                                              --               --              607
     Other, net                                                              (13)            (710)            (563)
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
                                                                         (12,681)         (10,429)         (11,915)
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
     Income before income tax provision and minority interest             23,706           35,910           15,031
Income Tax Provision                                                      (9,058)         (14,113)          (5,887)
Minority Interest                                                           (713)            (738)              --
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
     Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change             13,935           21,059            9,144
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
Cumulative effect of accounting change, net                               (4,249)              --               --
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
Net income                                                          $      9,686     $     21,059     $      9,144
                                                                    ============     ============     ============

Earnings Per Share - Basic
Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change            $       0.98     $       1.48     $       1.08
Cumulative effect of accounting change                                     (0.30)              --               --
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
Net income                                                          $       0.68     $       1.48     $       1.08
                                                                    ============     ============     ============

Earnings Per Share - Diluted
Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change            $       0.95     $       1.42     $       1.01
Cumulative effect of accounting change                                     (0.30)              --               --
                                                                    ------------     ------------     ------------
Net income                                                          $       0.65     $       1.42     $       1.01
                                                                    ============     ============     ============
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       21

<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     ACCUMULATED     DEFERRED
                                                                        OTHER      COMPENSATION-
                                                 COMMON    PAID-IN  COMPREHENSIVE   RESTRICTED    RETAINED   TREASURY
                                                  STOCK    CAPITAL       LOSS          STOCK      EARNINGS     STOCK       TOTAL
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>      <C>       <C>            <C>            <C>        <C>         <C>
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2000                         $    45  $ 30,335    $    --         $  --       $ 20,431   $ (5,546)   $  45,265
  Comprehensive income:
       Net income                                     --        --         --            --          9,144         --        9,144
  Change in value of cash flow hedge,
       net of $227 tax benefit                        --        --       (356)           --             --         --         (356)
                                                                                                                         ---------
           Total comprehensive income                                                                                        8,788
  Stock options exercised, including tax
       benefit                                         2     3,671         --            --             --         --        3,673
  Dividends paid ($0.05/share)                        --        --         --            --           (216)        --         (216)
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2001                         $    47  $ 34,006    $  (356)        $  --       $ 29,359   $ (5,546)   $  57,510
  Comprehensive income:
       Net income                                     --        --         --            --         21,059         --       21,059
  Change in value of cash flow hedge,
       net of $347 tax benefit                        --        --       (531)           --             --         --         (531)
                                                                                                                         ---------
       Total comprehensive income                                                                                           20,528
  Secondary stock offering                            24    76,838         --            --             --         --       76,862
  Shares issued upon acquisition of PBI                2     6,905         --            --             --         --        6,907
  Stock options exercised, including tax
       benefit                                         3     6,340         --            --             --         --        6,343
  Stock split in the form of a stock dividend         75        --         --            --            (75)        --           --
  Dividends paid ($0.0525/share)                      --        --         --            --           (753)        --         (753)
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2002                         $   151  $124,089    $  (887)        $  --       $ 49,590   $ (5,546)   $ 167,397
  Comprehensive income:
       Net income                                     --        --         --            --          9,686         --        9,686
  Change in value of cash flow hedge,
       net of $318 tax benefit                        --        --       (484)           --             --         --         (484)
                                                                                                                         ---------
           Total comprehensive income                                                                                        9,202
  Issuance of restricted stock                         1       615         --          (616)            --         --           --
  Deferred compensation amortization -
       restricted stock                               --        --         --           205             --         --          205
  Treasury stock purchases                            --        --         --            --             --     (5,864)      (5,864)
  Dividends paid ($0.06/share)                        --        --         --            --           (861)        --         (861)
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2003                         $   152  $124,704    $(1,371)        $(411)      $ 58,415   $(11,410)   $ 170,079
                                                 =================================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       22

<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
For the year ended June 30,  (in thousands)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          2003            2002            2001
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------
<S>                                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income                                                           $     9,686     $    21,059     $     9,144
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
     flows from operating activities--
       Depreciation and amortization                                         2,492           4,453           3,428
       Amortization of debt issuance costs                                   1,425           1,096           1,126
       Loss / (gain) from sale of assets                                        (3)            333             (57)
       Equity in net income of PBI                                              --              --            (607)
       Deferred income taxes                                                (3,463)         (1,796)         (1,653)
       Cumulative effect of accounting change, net                           4,249              --              --
       Decrease (increase) in receivables, net                             (11,765)         15,478          (5,577)
       (Increase) decrease in inventories                                  106,260        (149,204)          2,472
       Increase in prepaid expenses and other
         current assets                                                     (1,816)         (5,576)           (722)
       Increase (decrease) in accounts payable                             (42,435)         56,626           7,519
       Increase in accrued expenses                                          3,006           4,419           3,972
       Other, net                                                           (3,839)         (1,500)            925
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------
         Net cash flows from operating activities                           63,797         (54,612)         19,970
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired                               --             961          (9,037)
  Investment in other assets                                                  (200)           (200)           (650)
  Cash dividend from PBI                                                        --              --             450
  Purchases of property and equipment                                       (2,371)         (3,445)         (3,450)
  Proceeds from sale of assets                                                   3             543              57
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------
         Net cash flows from investing activities                           (2,568)         (2,141)        (12,630)
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Borrowings under revolving line of credit                              1,158,172         896,667         662,183
  Repayments under revolving line of credit                             (1,128,602)       (912,752)       (667,023)
  Repurchase of receivables under securitization agreement                 (80,000)             --              --
  Proceeds from secondary stock offering                                        --          76,862              --
  Payments of long-term debt                                                  (948)           (757)            (17)
  Payments of capital lease obligations                                       (249)           (236)           (286)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                       --           2,260           2,349
  Payment of dividends                                                        (861)           (753)           (216)
  Dividends paid by affiliates                                                (330)           (300)             --
  Purchase of treasury stock                                                (5,864)             --              --
  Payments of deferred debt costs                                               --              --            (475)
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------
       Net cash flows from financing activities                            (58,682)         60,991          (3,485)
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------
       Increase in cash                                                      2,547           4,238           3,855
Cash, beginning of period                                                   11,754           7,516           3,661
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------
Cash, end of period                                                    $    14,301     $    11,754     $     7,516
                                                                       -----------     -----------     -----------
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
  Cash paid during the period for--
       Interest                                                        $     9,605     $     9,258     $    12,139
       Income taxes, net                                               $     7,241     $    11,076     $     7,168
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       23

<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all
divisions and wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. (the Company). All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions are eliminated.

Fiscal Year

         The Company's fiscal year end is June 30. References to years relate to
fiscal years rather than calendar years unless otherwise stated.

Concentration of Credit Risk

         The Company is a full-service, regional wholesale pharmaceutical drug
distributor. From facilities in Missouri, Kentucky, Minnesota, South Dakota and
Florida, the Company distributes a broad range of branded and generic
pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter health and beauty aid products to its
customers in more than 26 states. The Company is focused on serving the unique
needs of independent and regional pharmacies.

         In 2003, sales to one customer represented approximately 9% of total
net sales. In 2002, sales to one customer represented approximately 24% of total
net sales. In 2001, sales to one customer represented approximately 16% of total
net sales.

Use of Estimates

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Revenue Recognition

         Revenue is recognized when products are shipped or services are
provided to customers and the Company has no further obligation with respect to
such products or services. Revenues as reflected in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations are net of sales returns and allowances.
The Company recognizes sales returns as a reduction of revenue and cost of sales
for the sales price and cost, respectively, when products are returned. Rebates
received from suppliers are recognized as a reduction in cost of sales at the
time the product is sold. Shipping and handling costs associated with the
shipment of goods are recorded as operating expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations which amounted to $4.6 million, $4.5 million and $3.7
million in 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively.

         During 2002 and 2001, the Company had $70.5 million, and $85.1 million,
respectively, of "dock-to-dock" sales, which are excluded from net sales due to
the Company's policy of recording only the commission on such transactions as a
reduction against cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of
operations. The Company had no dock-to-dock sales in 2003. Dock-to-dock sales
represent large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to major self-warehousing retail
chain pharmacies whereby the Company acts as an intermediary in the order and
subsequent delivery of products to the customers' warehouses. Commissions earned
by the Company on these sales were not significant in any year presented.

Stock-Based Compensation

         The Company has adopted the disclosure requirements of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 148, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation - Transition and Disclosure." SFAS 148 amends SFAS 123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation," to provide alternative methods of transition for
a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
compensation and also amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS 123 to require
prominent disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the
methods of accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of
the method used on reported results. As

                                       24

<PAGE>

permitted by SFAS 148 and SFAS 123, the Company continues to apply the
accounting provisions of Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees."

         The Company generally grants its stock options at exercise prices equal
to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant and,
therefore, under APB 25, no compensation expense is recognized in the statements
of income.

         The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of the
grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the following
weighted-average assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2003               2002               2001
                                                   ------------       ------------       ------------
<S>                                                <C>                <C>                <C>
Risk free interest rates                                   3.05%              4.19%              4.81%
Expected life of options                              4.0 years          5.0 years          5.0 years

Volatility of stock price                                    61%                43%                46%
Expected dividend yield                                   0.002%             0.002%              0.01%
Fair value of options granted                      $      10.82       $      10.50       $       2.99
</TABLE>

         Had the Company recorded compensation expense based on the estimated
grant date fair values, as defined by SFAS 123, for awards granted under its
stock option plans and stock purchase plan, the pro forma net income and
earnings per share would have been as follows (in thousands, except per share
data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       2003            2002            2001
                                                                                    ----------      ----------      ----------
<S>                                                                                 <C>             <C>             <C>
Net income - as reported                                                            $    9,686      $   21,059      $    9,144
Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation expense determined under
fair value based method for all awards, net of tax                                      (1,454)         (2,059)         (1,648)
Net income  - pro forma                                                             $    8,232      $   19,000      $    7,496
Earnings per share:
     Basic - as reported                                                            $     0.68      $     1.48      $     1.08
     Basic - pro forma                                                              $     0.58      $     1.33      $     0.88
     Diluted - as reported                                                          $     0.65      $     1.42      $     1.01
     Diluted - pro forma                                                            $     0.56      $     1.29      $     0.83
</TABLE>

         These pro forma amounts may not be representative of the effects for
future years as options vest over several years and additional awards are
generally granted each year.

Restricted Cash

         Restricted cash of $14.3 million and $11.8 million, respectively, at
June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, represents cash receipts from customers that
must be used to reduce borrowings under the credit facility and are included in
cash.

Receivables

         Receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear
interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company's best estimate of
the amount of probable credit losses in the Company's existing receivables. The
Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience. The
Company reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts monthly. Account balances
are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been
exhausted and the potential for recovery is remote.

Inventories

         Inventories consist of pharmaceutical drugs and related
over-the-counter items, which are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
determined using the first-in, first-out method. Reserves are established for
our inventory to reflect situations in which the cost of the inventory is not
expected to be recovered. Provisions for inventory reserves are recorded as part
of cost of sales.

                                       25

<PAGE>

Property and Equipment

         Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated
depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are charged to
operations primarily using the straight-line method over the shorter of the
estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets, which vary from two to
30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements. For income tax purposes,
accelerated depreciation methods are used. Repairs and maintenance costs are
expensed as incurred.

Intangible Assets

         Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization.
Amortization is determined using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the related assets.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

         SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived
Assets," establishes a single accounting model for long-lived assets to be
disposed of. Adopting this standard did not have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.

         In accordance with SFAS No. 144, long-lived assets are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to
be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the
asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed
of would be separately presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer
depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposed group classified as held
for sale would be presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability
sections of the balance sheet. Prior to adopting SFAS No. 144, the Company
accounted for long-lived assets in accordance with SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Asset to be Disposed of."

Goodwill

         The Company accounts for goodwill under SFAS 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets," which requires the Company to review for impairment of
goodwill on an annual basis, and between annual tests whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The
Company performed its goodwill impairment tests upon adoption of SFAS 142 and
again as of April 30, 2003. Upon adoption of SFAS 142 on July 1, 2002, the
Company ceased amortization of its existing net goodwill balance. Prior to
adoption of SFAS 142, goodwill was amortized on a straight-line basis over the
expected periods to be benefited and assessed for recoverability by determining
whether the amortization of the goodwill balance over its remaining life could
be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows of the acquired
operation. See Note 3 for further information regarding the adoption of SFAS 142
and the on-going impact.

Interest Rate Risk Management

         In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activities", as amended by SFAS No. 138
"Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities",
all derivative instruments are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet and
all changes in fair value are recorded to earnings or to stockholders' equity
through other comprehensive income. The Company does not use derivative
instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

Income Taxes

         Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for estimated future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective basis
for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured and
recorded using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled.

                                       26

<PAGE>

Book Overdrafts

         Accounts payable includes book overdrafts (outstanding checks) of $10.4
million and $17.1 million at June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, respectively.

Stockholders' Equity

         Treasury Stock. In May 1999, the board of directors authorized the
repurchase of up to 600,000 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock.
592,800 shares were acquired in the open market during the twelve-month period
from the date of authorization. In September 2002, the board of directors
authorized the repurchase of up to 1.0 million shares. As of June 30, 2003,
600,000 shares had been repurchased.

         Equity Offering. On July 5, 2001, the Company completed a secondary
offering of approximately 4.8 million shares of common stock with net proceeds
of approximately $77 million.

         Authorization of additional shares of Common Stock. In January 2002,
the Board of Directors amended the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company
to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock to 25 million
shares.

         Stock Split. On March 13, 2002, the Company declared a two-for-one
stock split in the form of a stock dividend that was distributed on April 12,
2002 to shareholders of record on March 29, 2002. All share and per share
amounts included in the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to
retroactively reflect this stock split.

         Deferred compensation - restricted stock. The Company issued restricted
shares of stock to certain key management personnel in 2003. This stock will
vest three years from the date of grant. The Company recorded the cost of the
stock at the time of grant as deferred compensation and will amortize this cost
over the vesting period.

Earnings per Share

         Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, "Earnings per
Share" (SFAS No. 128) requires a dual presentation of basic and diluted earnings
per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by
dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
would occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were
exercised or converted into common stock. All share and per share amounts have
been stated in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 128 (see Note 13).

NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS:

         In July 2001, as part of the secondary stock offering, the Company
increased its ownership percentage in Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. (PBI) to 68%
and in August 2001, acquired an additional 2%. These additions were accomplished
with individuals exchanging PBI stock for shares of the Company's common stock.
The aggregate purchase price was valued at $6.9 million based on the initial
price of the secondary stock offering for the first increase and the closing
price of the stock for the second increase. This arrangement was part of the
original transaction when we acquired our initial 50% ownership interest. This
transaction was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. Goodwill
recognized in this transaction amounted to $10.7 million, but is not deductible
for tax purposes. Intangible assets other than goodwill recognized in this
transaction amounted to $1.9 million and have a weighted-average useful life of
approximately 15 years.

NOTE 3. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS:

         The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ("SFAS")
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" effective July 1, 2002. Under
the new statement, impairment should be tested at least annually at the
reporting unit level using a two-step impairment test. The reporting unit is the
same as or one level below the operating segment level as described in SFAS
Statement 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information. Under step 1 of this approach, the fair value of the reporting unit
as a whole is compared to the book value of the reporting unit (including
goodwill) and, if a deficiency exists, impairment would need to be calculated.
In step 2, the impairment is measured as the difference between the implied fair
value of goodwill and its

                                       27

<PAGE>

carrying amount. The implied fair value of goodwill is the difference between
the fair value of the reporting unit as a whole and the fair value of the
reporting unit's individual assets and liabilities, including any unrecognized
intangible assets. Under this standard, goodwill and intangibles with indefinite
lives are no longer amortized. A discounted cash flow model was used to
determine the fair value of the Company's businesses for the purpose of testing
goodwill for impairment. The discount rate used was based on a risk-adjusted
weighted average cost of capital.

         The effects of adopting the new standard on net income and earnings per
share for the years ended June 30, 2003 and 2002 are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 NET INCOME                    BASIC EPS                  DILUTED EPS
                                          -------------------------     -----------------------     -----------------------
                                           2003     2002     2001       2003     2002     2001      2003     2002     2001
                                          -------------------------     -----------------------     -----------------------
<S>                                       <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>
Net income                                $ 9,686  $21,059  $ 9,144     $0.68    $1.48    $1.08     $0.65    $1.42    $1.01
Add: cumulative effect of accounting
   change, net                              4,249       --       --      0.30       --       --      0.30       --       --
                                          -------------------------     -----------------------     -----------------------

Income before cumulative effect of
    accounting change                      13,935   21,059    9,144      0.98     1.48     1.08      0.95     1.42     1.01

Add: goodwill amortization, net of tax         --    1,580    1,256        --     0.11     0.15        --     0.11     0.14
                                          -------------------------     -----------------------     -----------------------

Income before cumulative effect of
    accounting change and goodwill
    amortization                          $13,935  $22,639  $10,400     $0.98    $1.59    $1.23     $0.95    $1.53    $1.15
</TABLE>

         As a result of this adoption and assessment, the Company recognized an
impairment loss of approximately $7.0 million ($4.2 million net of tax) during
the first quarter of fiscal 2003. This was recognized as the cumulative effect
of a change in accounting principle. This impairment results from an appraisal
valuation and relates to goodwill originally established for the acquisition of
Jewett Drug Co., which is included in the Company's wholesale drug distribution
segment.

         Changes to goodwill and intangible assets during the year ended June
30, 2003, including the effects of adopting the new accounting standard, are:
(in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                     INTANGIBLE
                                                                                     GOODWILL          ASSETS
                                                                                     --------        ----------
<S>                                                                                  <C>               <C>
Balance at June 30, 2002, net of accumulated amortization of $8,492 and $148         $51,131           $1,965
Write-off of goodwill recognized in  cumulative effect adjustment                     (7,026)              --
Amortization expense                                                                      --             (155)
                                                                                     -------           ------
Balance at June 30, 2003, net of  accumulated amortization                           $44,105           $1,810
</TABLE>

         Intangible assets totaled $1.8 million, net of accumulated amortization
of $307,000, at June 30, 2003. Of this amount, $214,000 represents intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives, consisting primarily of trade names that
are not being amortized under SFAS No. 142. The remaining intangibles relate to
customer or supplier relationships and licenses which are being amortized using
the straight-line method over periods of 5 to 15 years with an approximate
weighted-average amortization period of 12.5 years Amortization of intangible
assets totaled $0.1 million in 2003 and is estimated to remain approximately the
same for the next five years.

         Goodwill related to the wholesale drug distribution segment, net of
amortization, was $32.3 and $39.3 million as of June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002,
respectively. Goodwill related to the PBI segment amounted to $10.4 million as
of June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002. Goodwill related to the Company's software
segment amounted to $1.4 million as of June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002. Other
intangible assets related to the wholesale drug distribution segment, net of
amortization, were $0.2 million as of June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002,
respectively. Other intangible assets related to the PBI segment amounted to
$1.6 and $1.7 million as of June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, respectively. The
Company's software segment has no intangible assets. The Company performed an
annual review of its goodwill and other intangible assets as of April 30, 2003
and determined that no impairment existed.

                                       28

<PAGE>

NOTE 4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands):
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              JUNE 30, 2003       JUNE 30, 2002
                                                              -------------       -------------
<S>                                                           <C>                 <C>
Land                                                            $      320          $      320
Building and improvements                                            2,115               2,115
Fixtures and equipment                                              15,336              15,605
Leasehold improvements                                               3,634               2,082
Vehicles                                                               408                 518
                                                                ----------          ----------
                                                                    21,813              20,640
Less-Accumulated depreciation and amortization                     (10,673)             (9,536)
                                                                ----------          ----------
                                                                $   11,140          $   11,104
                                                                ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

         Total depreciation and amortization relating to property and equipment
was $2.3 million in 2003, $2.1 million in 2002, and $1.6 million in 2001. The
Company leases certain properties under capital leases. Capital lease asset
balances consist of buildings and equipment of $1.3 million at both June 30,
2003 and 2002. Related accumulated amortization amounted to approximately
$502,000 and $358,000, respectively.

NOTE 5. INVESTMENT IN PBI:

         In November 1995, the Company purchased approximately 50% of the
capital stock of Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. ("PBI"), a Colorado-based group
purchasing organization. Pursuant to the transaction, the Company acquired
approximately 50% of the voting and non-voting common stock of PBI for $3.75
million in cash. The Company's investment in PBI was accounted for under the
equity method until July 2001 at which time an additional 18% ownership interest
was acquired and PBI was consolidated for financial reporting purposes. An
additional 2% was acquired in August 2001 to bring the Company's total ownership
to 70%. See Note 2 for further information on the acquisition of the additional
20% interest in PBI.

         In connection with its investment in PBI, the Company entered into an
agreement pursuant to which MassMutual, which holds 30% of the capital stock of
PBI, is entitled to exchange its capital stock of PBI with the Company at fair
market value. The Company has the right, and it is its intention, to satisfy
this exchange with cash. If the Company elects not to satisfy the exchange with
cash, the Company could satisfy the exchange with shares of its common stock, in
which case MassMutual would have certain registration rights.

NOTE 6. LONG-TERM DEBT:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              JUNE 30, 2003                JUNE 30, 2002
                                                              -------------                -------------
<S>                                                           <C>                          <C>
Revolving line of credit with banks                            $    108,484                $     77,993
Other, including capital lease obligations                            3,616                       5,734
                                                               ------------                ------------
                                                                    112,100                      83,727
Less--Current maturities                                             (1,677)                     (2,270)
                                                               ------------                ------------
                                                               $    110,423                $     81,457
                                                               ============                ============
</TABLE>

         On March 31, 2003, the Company entered into a new $600 million credit
facility. The credit facility, an asset-based senior secured revolving credit
facility, increased the Company's available credit from $430 million to $600
million. The new single credit facility replaced a $230 million revolving bank
line of credit and a $200 million accounts receivable securitization program.
Under the credit facility, the total amount of loans and letters of credit
outstanding at any time cannot exceed the lesser of an amount based on
percentages of eligible receivables and inventories (the borrowing base
formula). Total credit available at June 30, 2003 was approximately $256 million
of which approximately $126 million was unused. The interest rate on the new
credit facility is based on the 30-day London Interbank Offering Rate (LIBOR)
plus a factor based on certain financial criteria. The interest rate was 3.36%
at June 30, 2003. The agreement expires in March 2007, and, therefore, the
related debt has been classified as

                                       29

<PAGE>

long-term. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee, which was
$100,000 in 2003. In addition, the Company is charged a monthly fee of 0.375% of
the unused balance of the facility.

         The revolving line of credit in place at June 30, 2002 had a maximum
borrowing capacity of $150 million, expiring in August 2005, which was replaced
by the new $600 million credit facility Under the loan agreement, the total
amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding at any time could not exceed
the lesser of an amount based on percentages of eligible inventories (the
borrowing base formula), or our maximum borrowing capacity under this agreement
but may not be less than $20 million. The advances bore interest at a base rate
of LIBOR plus 1.75%, or at the prime rate plus 0.25% per annum payable monthly.
The Company was required to pay an annual facility fee of $807,000 in both 2003
and 2002. At June 30, 2002, the borrowing base formula amounted to $241.4
million. At June 30, 2002, the unused portion of the line of credit amounted to
$71.3 million. The agreement was to expire August 7, 2005, and, therefore, the
related debt had been classified as long-term. The revolving line of credit was
secured by eligible inventories.

         The Company is required under the terms of its debt agreements to
comply with certain financial covenants, including those related to fixed charge
coverage ratio and tangible net worth. The Company is required to reduce
borrowings by cash received. The Company also is limited in its ability to make
loans and investments, enter into leases, or incur additional debt, among other
things, without the consent of its lenders. The Company is in compliance with
its debt covenants as of June 30, 2003.

         In June 2000, the Company entered into a $965,000 equipment financing
arrangement with a five-year term ending July 2005. The arrangement provides for
monthly payments bearing interest at LIBOR plus 1.95%. The equipment purchased
with the proceeds secures this arrangement.

         At June 30, 2003, maturities of long-term debt, including capital lease
obligations, were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FISCAL YEAR ENDING JUNE 30,
- ---------------------------
<S>                                     <C>
           2004                         $  1,677
           2005                              526
           2006                            1,374
           2007                          108,523
           2008                               --
                                        --------
                                        $112,100
                                        ========
</TABLE>

         At June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, the fair value of long-term debt
approximated its current carrying value.

NOTE 7. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE SECURITIZATION:

         During 1999, the Company and its wholly owned, bankruptcy-remote
subsidiary ("Seller") established an accounts receivable securitization program.
Under the program, undivided interests in a pool of eligible trade receivables,
which had been sold on a non-recourse basis by the Company to the Seller, were
then sold to a multi-seller, asset backed commercial paper conduit ("Conduit").
Purchases by the Conduit were financed with the sale of highly rated commercial
paper. The Company utilized proceeds from the sale of its accounts receivable to
repay long-term debt, effectively reducing its overall borrowing costs. Funding
costs under this program were 4.85% on the first $50 million with the rate on
the excess amounts equal to the commercial paper rate. Certain program fees
totaled an additional 0.75%.

The Company's new $600 million credit facility, entered into in March 2003,
resulted in the termination of the existing accounts receivable securitization
agreement. As a result, a one-time charge of $2.0 million was incurred during
the third fiscal quarter of 2003. These costs were associated with eliminating a
$50 million fixed rate component of the accounts receivable securitization
program that had an interest rate of 4.85%. At June 30, 2002, the securitization
program had a maximum capacity of $150 million that was to expire in August
2005. The funding cost of the securitization program for fiscal year 2003, 2002
and 2001 was $2.1 million, $4.2 million and $6.0 million, respectively. In
August 2002, this program was amended to increase the maximum capacity to $200
million.

         Under the provisions of SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and
Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities," (as amended
by SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities") the securitization transactions had been
recorded as sales, with those

                                       30
<PAGE>

accounts receivable sold to the Conduit removed from the consolidated balance
sheet. The amount of undivided interests in accounts receivable sold to the
Conduit were $120.0 million at June 30, 2002.

         The Seller was a separate legal entity from the Company. The Seller's
assets were available first and foremost to satisfy the claims of its creditors.
Eligible receivables, as defined in the securitization agreement, consisted of
trade receivables from our subsidiaries, excluding non-pharmaceutical
receivables, reduced for certain items, including past due balances and
concentration limits. Of the eligible pool of receivables contributed to the
Seller, undivided interests in only a portion of the pool were sold to the
Conduit. The Seller's interest in these receivables was subordinate to the
Conduit's interest in the event of default under the securitization agreement.
The portion of eligible receivables not sold to the Conduit remained an asset of
the Seller ($31.7 million as of June 30, 2002).

NOTE 8.       DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS:

         In June, 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which was
amended by SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133", which
was required to be adopted in years beginning after June 15, 2000. At June 30,
2003, the Company had recorded a long-term asset of approximately $114,000 and a
long-term liability of approximately $2,035,000 relating to derivative
instruments. At June 30, 2002, the Company had recorded long-term liabilities of
approximately $1,461,000 related to the interest rate swap.

         Through an interest rate swap agreement, the Company effectively fixed
the interest rate on $20 million of its revolving line of credit at a nominal
rate of 6.19%. This interest rate derivative instrument has been designated as a
cash flow hedge. Such instruments are those that effectively convert variable
interest payments on debt instruments into fixed payments. For qualifying
hedges, SFAS No. 133 and No. 138 allow derivative gains and losses to offset
related results on hedged items in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company formally documents, designates and assesses the effectiveness of
transactions that receive hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of
interest rate agreements designated as hedging instruments of the variability of
cash flows associated with floating-rate debt obligations are reported in
accumulated other comprehensive loss. During fiscal 2003 and 2002, approximately
$484,000 (net of $318,000 of tax) and $531,000 (net of $347,000 of tax), was
recorded as other comprehensive loss, respectively.

         To hedge a portion of its exposure to variability in cash flows related
to interest payments under the revolving credit facility, on March 28, 2003, the
Company entered into a three-year interest rate cap agreement at a cost of $0.3
million. The notional amount of the instrument is $50 million and it caps the
30-day LIBOR rate at 3.5% in the first year, 4.25% in the second year and 5% in
the third year. The Company's analysis of this hedge under SFAS No. 133, shows
this to be an effective hedge. As such, any change in the intrinsic value of
this instrument will be reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Any
change in time value of this instrument will be reflected on its statement of
operations.

NOTE 9.       COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

         The Company leases office and warehouse space and other equipment
through noncancelable operating leases. Rental expense under operating leases
was $3.4 million, $2.9 million, and $2.3 million in 2003, 2002, and 2001,
respectively. Minimum rental payments under these leases with initial or
remaining terms of one year or more at June 30, 2003, are $19.2 million and
payments during the succeeding five years are: 2004, $3.5 million; 2005, $2.9
million; 2006, $2.7 million; 2007, $1.9 million; 2008, $1.9 million; and
thereafter $6.3 million.

         In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to financial
instruments with off-balance-sheet risk, such as standby letters of credit and
other guarantees, which are not reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. At
June 30, 2003, the Company was party to standby letters of credit of $21.75
million and was the guarantor of certain customer obligations totaling
approximately $500,000. On July 9, 2003, $21.0 million of the standby letters of
credit were released when the related outstanding invoices were paid. Management
does not expect any material losses to result from these off-balance-sheet
items.

         There are various pending claims and lawsuits arising out of the normal
course of the Company's business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate
outcome of these claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on
the financial position or results of operations of the Company. However, there
can be no assurance that these claims and lawsuits will not have such an impact.

                                       31

<PAGE>

NOTE 10.      STOCK OPTIONS:

         In 1992, the Company adopted a Long-Term Incentive Plan that authorized
the Stock Option and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the
Committee) to grant key employees and officers of the Company incentive or
non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares,
restricted shares and performance units. Options to purchase up to 400,000
shares of common stock were authorized under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. The
Committee determines the price (which may not be less than fair market value on
the date of grant) and terms at which awards may be granted, along with the
duration of the restriction periods and performance targets. In 1999, the
Company's shareholders approved an Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan
(Long-Term Incentive Plan) that increased the number of shares available for
grant to 1,700,000 shares. Stock options granted under the Long-Term Incentive
Plan are not exercisable earlier than six months from the date of grant (except
in the case of death or disability of the employee holding the same), nor later
than ten years from the date of grant.

         In February 1993, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the D&K
Wholesale Drug, Inc. 1993 Stock Option Plan (the 1993 Plan) to grant key
employees of the Company non-qualified stock options to purchase up to 700,000
shares of the Company's common stock. The 1993 Plan is administered by the
Company's Board of Directors, which determines the price and terms at which
awards may be granted. Stock options granted under the 1993 Plan are immediately
exercisable from the date of grant and expire not later than ten years from the
date of grant. The exercise price of all options granted pursuant to the 1993
Plan was equal to the fair market value of stock on the respective dates of
grant.

         In November 2001, the Board of Directors adopted, and the Company's
shareholders approved, the 2001 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2001 Plan). Under
the 2001 Plan, the Committee may grant to directors, officers and key employees
of the Company up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 incentive or non-qualified stock
options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted shares and
performance units. The Committee determines the price of stock options, which
may not be less than the fair market value on the date of grant. Stock options
granted under the 2001 Plan vest over a three year period from the date of
grant, and may be exercised no later than five years from the date of grant.

         The following tables summarize information about options at June 30,
2003:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Options                                  Options Exercisable
                        -----------------------------------------------        ------------------------------
                                          Weighted
                                           Average
                                          Remaining         Weighted                              Weighted
Range of Exercise          Number        Contractual        Average               Number           Average
     Price              Outstanding         Life         Exercise Price        Exercisable     Exercise Price
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------        ------------------------------
<S>                     <C>              <C>             <C>                   <C>             <C>
$1.875 to $6.900           540,616        7.11 years        $  6.17              507,285           $  6.15
$6.901 to $11.700          147,700        6.31 years        $  9.26               97,500           $  9.21
$11.701 to $16.500           5,000        4.88 years         $14.10                   --                --
$16.501 to $21.300         270,000        8.13 years         $20.66              270,000            $20.66
$12.301 to $26.100         157,000        4.34 years         $24.46               10,000            $24.18
$26.101 to $30.8550        168,000        3.68 years         $30.63               56,000            $30.63
                        ------------                                           -----------
                         1,288,316        6.44 years         $15.01              940,785            $12.28
                        ============                                           ===========
</TABLE>

                                       32

<PAGE>

         Changes in options outstanding under the Company's stock option plans
are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Number of        Weighted Average
                                              Shares          Exercise Price
                                           -----------       ----------------
<S>                                        <C>               <C>
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2000                  518,396        $           3.88
     Granted                                1,017,000                    6.81
     Exercised                               (430,000)                   5.46
     Forfeitures                              (52,000)                  10.55
                                           ----------        ----------------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2001                1,053,396                    5.69
     Granted                                  477,000                   24.09
     Exercised                               (424,946)                   4.75
     Forfeitures                              (13,334)                   6.50
                                           ----------        ----------------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2002                1,092,116                   13.69
     Granted                                  202,200                   20.47
     Exercised                                     --                      --
     Forfeitures                               (6,000)                 (30.86)
                                           ----------        ----------------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2003                1,288,316        $          15.01
</TABLE>

         Stock options exercisable at June 30, 2003, June 30, 2002, and June 30,
2001 were 940,785, 874,773, and 857,396, respectively, with a weighted average
exercise price of $12.28, $11.95, and $5.18, respectively. Shares available to
be granted at June 30, 2003, June 30, 2002, and June 30, 2001 were 604,636,
841,000, and 212,138, respectively.

NOTE 11.      INCOME TAXES:

         The components of the income tax provision were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            2003             2002              2001
                                          --------        ----------         --------
<S>                                       <C>             <C>                <C>
Current tax provision                     $  9,394        $  15,909          $  7,540
Deferred tax provision                        (336)          (1,796)           (1,653)
                                          --------        ---------          --------
Income tax provision                      $  9,058        $  14,113          $  5,887
                                          ========        =========          ========
</TABLE>

         The actual income tax provision differs from the expected income tax
provision, computed by applying the U.S. statutory Federal tax rates of 35.0%,
35.0%, and 34.3% in 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively, to income before income
tax provision, as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   2003            2002              2001
                                                                 -------         --------           -------
<S>                                                              <C>             <C>                <C>
Expected income tax provision                                    $ 8,297         $ 12,569           $ 5,156
Amortization of intangible assets not deductible for income           --              120               210
tax purposes
Equity in net income of PBI not taxable for income tax                --               --              (242)
purposes
State income taxes, net of Federal benefit                           775            1,276               531
Other, net                                                           (14)             148               232
                                                                 -------         --------           -------
                                                                 $ 9,058         $ 14,113           $ 5,887
                                                                 =======         ========           =======
</TABLE>

                                       33

<PAGE>

         At June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, the tax effects of temporary
differences that give rise to significant portions of the Company's deferred tax
assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   2003            2002
                                                                ---------        ---------
<S>                                                             <C>              <C>
Deferred tax assets:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts                            $     641        $     473
     Accrued expenses                                               1,463            1,450
     Capital lease obligations                                         53              112
     Inventories                                                      909            1,048
     Net operating loss carryforwards                                 641              555
     Costs related to derivative instruments                          814              584
     Property and equipment                                            32               --
     Intangibles                                                      376               --
     Other                                                            334              617
                                                                --------------------------
     Total deferred tax assets                                  $   5,263        $   4,839
                                                                --------------------------
Deferred tax liabilities:
     Property and equipment                                     $      --        $    (256)
     Inventories                                                       --           (1,831)
     Intangibles                                                       --           (1,018)
     Prepaid expenses                                                (600)              --
     Accounts receivable                                               --             (156)
     Other                                                           (552)            (930)
                                                                --------------------------
         Total deferred tax liabilities                         $  (1,152)       $  (4,191)
                                                                --------------------------
     Net deferred tax assets                                    $   4,111        $     648
</TABLE>

         The use of pre-acquisition operating losses is subject to limitations
imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or individual states and if not utilized by
the Company, the net operating loss carryforwards will expire beginning in 2007.
In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, the Company considers
whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. The Company considers the
scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income
and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of
historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the
periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, the Company believes it
is more likely than not that the benefit of these deductible differences will be
realized.

NOTE 12.      EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

         The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) plan covering
substantially all of its employees. Plan participants may contribute up to 20%
of their annual compensation, subject to certain limitations. The Company
contribution is discretionary and was equivalent to 50% of employees'
contributions up to a maximum contribution based on 6% of eligible compensation.
Company match expenses related to the plan were $339,000 in 2003, $260,000 in
2002, and $234,000 in 2001. Jewett Drug Company (Jewett) had a defined
contribution 401(k)/profit sharing plan covering substantially all of its
employees prior to becoming part of the Company's 401(k) plan in January 2003.
Jewett made a discretionary contribution of $100,000 to its plan in 2002 and
2001. Jewett also participates in the Central States Pension, a multi-employer
pension plan, on behalf of its union employees in accordance with the union
agreement. The expenses relating to this plan during 2003 and 2002 were
approximately $24,000 and $21,000, respectively.

         The Company also has an executive retirement benefit plan, implemented
in 1998, that provides supplemental pre-retirement life insurance plus
supplemental retirement income to key executives. The life insurance benefit is
calculated at three times the participant's annual salary. The retirement income
benefit is provided through discretionary contributions to each participant's
account, which vest 20% annually and are fully vested upon attaining age 65.
Upon retirement, the accumulated account balance is paid to the participant over
15 years in quarterly benefit payments. The Company's expense related to the
plan was $75,000 in 2002, and $241,000 in 2001. In July 2002, this plan was
terminated with participants receiving their vested retirement income benefit
balance in the plan. There was no income statement impact as a result of this
termination. The life insurance benefit will continue for each participant.

                                       34

<PAGE>

NOTE 13.      EARNINGS PER SHARE:

         SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share", requires dual presentation of basic
and diluted earnings per share and requires reconciliation of the numerators and
denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation. The
reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted
earnings per common share computations are as follows (in thousands, except for
shares and per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2003
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------
                                                          Income              Shares              Per-Share
                                                       (Numerator)        (Denominator)            Amount
                                                       ----------         ------------            ---------
<S>                                                    <C>                <C>                     <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders       $   13,935          14,327,646             $    0.98
         Cumulative effect of accounting change, net       (4,249)                 --                 (0.30)
                                                       ----------          ----------             ---------
                                                            9,686                                 $    0.68

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
     Options                                                   --             185,470
     Convertible securities                                  (182)                 --
                                                       ----------         ------------

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders
         plus assumed conversions                      $    9,504          14,513,116             $    0.65
                                                       ==========         ===========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2002
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------
                                                          Income              Shares              Per-Share
                                                       (Numerator)        (Denominator)            Amount
                                                       ----------         ------------            ---------
<S>                                                    <C>                <C>                     <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders       $   21,059          14,246,751             $    1.48

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
     Options                                                   --             419,852
     Convertible securities                                  (169)             11,178
                                                       ----------         ------------
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders
         plus assumed conversions                      $   20,890          14,677,781             $    1.42
                                                       ==========         ===========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2001
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------
                                                          Income              Shares              Per-Share
                                                       (Numerator)        (Denominator)            Amount
                                                       ----------         ------------            ---------
<S>                                                    <C>                <C>                     <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders       $    9,144           8,478,198             $    1.08

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
     Options                                                   --             253,316
     Convertible securities                                    95             400,000
                                                       ----------         ------------

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders
         plus assumed conversions                      $    9,239           9,131,514             $    1.01
                                                       ==========         ===========
</TABLE>

NOTE 14.      EFFECT OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS:

         In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No.148, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure." This statement amends
SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation", to provide alternative
methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, this statement
amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent
disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method
used on reported results. The Company is required to adopt this standard for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2002. The Company currently does not
plan to change to the fair value method of accounting for stock-based employee
compensation, but will comply with the disclosure requirements of this standard.

                                       35

<PAGE>

         In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement
133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 149 amends SFAS
No. 133 for decisions made as part of the FASB's Derivatives Implementation
Group process, other FASB projects dealing with financial instruments, and in
connection with implementation issues raised in relation to the application of
the definition of a derivative. This statement is generally effective for
contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging
relationships designated after June 30, 2003. The Company does not believe that
the adoption of SFAS 149 will have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements.

         In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, "Accounting for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity"
("SFAS 150"). SFAS 150 modifies the accounting for certain financial instruments
that, under previous guidance, issuers could account for as equity. SFAS 150
requires that those instruments be classified as liabilities in statements of
financial position and affects an issuer's accounting for (1) mandatorily
redeemable shares, which the issuing company is obligated to buy back in
exchange for cash or other assets, (2) instruments, other than outstanding
shares, that do or may require the issuer to buy back some of its shares in
exchange for cash or other assets, or (3) obligations that can be settled with
shares, the monetary value of which is fixed, tied solely or predominantly to a
variable such as a market index, or varies inversely with the value of the
issuer's shares. In addition to its requirements for the classification and
measurement of financial instruments within its scope, SFAS 150 also requires
disclosures about alternative ways of settling those instruments and the capital
structure of entities, all of whose shares are mandatorily redeemable. SFAS 150
is effective for financial instruments entered into or modified after May 31,
2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first interim period
beginning after June 15, 2003. The Company does not believe that the adoption of
SFAS 150 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

         In November 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 45, "Guarantor's
Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect
Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others" (FIN 45). The disclosure requirements of
FIN 45 are effective for our 2003 consolidated financial statements and have
been included in our quarterly financial statements beginning with the quarter
ending December 31, 2002. For applicable guarantees issued after January 1,
2003, FIN 45 requires that a guarantor recognize a liability for the fair value
of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. The adoption of the FIN
45 accounting requirements did not have a material effect on the Company's
financial condition or results of operations.

         In January 2003, FASB issued Interpretation No. 46, "Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities" (FIN 46), which requires the consolidation of
variable interest entities, as defined. FIN 46 is applicable to financial
statements to be issued after 2002; however, disclosures are required currently
if any variable interest entities are expected to be consolidated. The Company
does not have any entities that will be consolidated as a result of FIN 46.

NOTE 15.      BUSINESS SEGMENTS:

         SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information", establishes standards for the way public companies report
information about operating segments that is consistent with that made available
to management of the Company in allocating resources and assessing performance.

         After application of the aggregation criteria, the Company has three
identifiable business segments, two of which, Wholesale drug distribution and
PBI, meet the quantitative thresholds for separate disclosure prescribed in SFAS
No. 131. Wholesale drug distribution is described in Note 1. The Company's
ownership of PBI is a second segment. Two wholly owned software subsidiaries;
Viking Computer Services, Inc. and Tykon, Inc. constitute the third segment.
Viking markets a pharmacy management software system and Tykon developed and
markets a proprietary PC-based order entry/order confirmation system to the drug
distribution industry. These software companies are combined as Software and
Other in the table that follows.

         Though the Wholesale drug distribution segment operates from several
different facilities, the nature of its products and services, the types of
customers and the methods used to distribute its products are similar and thus
they have been aggregated for presentation purposes. Sales to independent and
regional pharmacies consist of branded pharmaceuticals (approximately 90% of net
sales in fiscal 2003), generic pharmaceuticals (approximately 7% of net sales in
fiscal 2003) and over-the-counter health and beauty aid products (approximately
3% of net sales in fiscal 2003). Our national accounts business deals
predominantly with branded pharmaceuticals. The Company operates principally in
the United States. Intersegment sales have been recorded at amounts
approximating market. Interest and corporate expenses are allocated to wholly
owned subsidiaries only. Assets have been identified with the segment to which
they relate.

                                       36

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              For the Years Ended
                                                                -------------------------------------------------
        (in thousands)                                          JUNE 30, 2003     JUNE 30, 2002     JUNE 30, 2001
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
<S>                                                             <C>               <C>               <C>
Sales to unaffiliated customers -
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $   2,213,257     $   2,444,290     $   1,643,594
     PBI                                                                7,768             7,539                --
     Software and Other                                                 2,363             1,919             2,399
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $   2,223,388     $   2,453,748     $   1,645,993
Intersegment sales --
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $          --     $          --     $          --
     PBI                                                                   --                --                --
     Software and Other                                                    --             1,197               891
     Intersegment eliminations                                             --            (1,197)             (891)
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $          --     $          --     $          --
Gross profit --
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $      81,193     $      92,578     $      66,070
     PBI                                                                7,768             7,539                --
     Software and Other                                                 1,738             2,714             2,754
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $     90,699      $   102,831       $     68,824
Depreciation and amortization --
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $       2,410     $       4,107     $       3,177
     PBI                                                                   47                97                --
     Software and Other                                                    35               249               527
     Less:  PBI amortization (1)                                           --                --              (276)
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $       2,492     $       4,453     $       3,428
Interest expense -
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $      10,680     $       9,955     $      13,148
     PBI                                                                  336               380                --
     Software and Other                                                    54                51               163
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $      11,070     $      10,386     $      13,311
Earnings before income tax provision -
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $      19,424     $      31,271     $      14,150
     PBI                                                                3,833             4,029                --
     Software and Other                                                   449               610               881
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $      23,706     $      35,910     $      15,031
Purchases of property and equipment -
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $         679     $         988     $         555
     PBI                                                                   33                40                --
     Software and Other                                                     5                23                46
     Other unallocated Corporate amounts                                1,654             2,394             2,849
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $       2,371     $       3,445     $       3,450
Identifiable assets -
     Wholesale drug distribution                                $     450,263     $     464,494     $     316,211
     PBI                                                                4,448             3,810                --
     Software and Other                                                 2,693             2,301             7,050
     Other unallocated Corporate amounts (2)                           15,291            12,533             6,943
                                                                -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                                  $     472,695     $     483,138     $     330,204
</TABLE>

(1) Amortization of PBI goodwill is netted against Equity in net income of PBI
    in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations in 2001.

(2) Amounts represent assets at corporate headquarters consisting primarily of
    deferred tax assets, property and equipment and deferred debt costs.

NOTE 16.      QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

         Quarterly results are determined in accordance with annual accounting
policies. They include certain items based upon estimates for the entire year.
Summarized quarterly results for the last two years were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands, except per share data)                            2003 QUARTER                            2003
                                              ---------------------------------------------------     ----------
                                               FIRST         SECOND        THIRD          FOURTH         YEAR
                                              --------      --------      --------       --------     ----------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Net sales                                     $533,966      $530,843      $628,618       $529,961     $2,223,388
Gross profit                                    21,053        21,222        27,018         21,406         90,699
Net income (loss)                               (1,387)        2,675         4,235          4,163          9,686
Basic earnings per share                        ($0.09)     $   0.18      $   0.30       $   0.30     $     0.68
Diluted earnings per share                       (0.10)         0.18          0.29           0.29           0.65
</TABLE>

                                       37

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands, except per share data)                            2002 QUARTER                           2002
                                              ---------------------------------------------------     ----------
                                               FIRST         SECOND        THIRD          FOURTH         YEAR
                                              --------      --------      --------       --------     ----------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Net sales                                     $529,091      $591,698      $695,241       $637,718     $2,453,748
Gross profit                                    21,858        24,495        30,347         26,131        102,831
Net income                                       3,586         4,642         7,302          5,529         21,059

Basic earnings per share                      $   0.26      $   0.33      $   0.51       $   0.38     $     1.48
Diluted earnings per share                        0.25          0.31          0.49           0.37           1.42
</TABLE>

Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

         Effective June 11, 2002, the Board of Directors, upon recommendation of
its audit committee, dismissed Arthur Andersen LLP ("Andersen") as the company's
independent public accountants and engaged KPMG LLP ("KPMG") to serve as the
principal accountant to audit the financial statements for 2003 and 2002.
Andersen audited the financial statements for 2001, and served as principal
accountant since 1989 until dismissed.

In connection with its audit for 2001, and during the subsequent interim period
preceding the engagement of KPMG, we had no disagreements with Andersen on any
matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or
auditing scope or procedure. Andersen's report on the financial statements for
2001 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and was not
qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.
During 2001, and during the subsequent interim period preceding the engagement
of KPMG, Andersen did not advise or indicate that it had reason to advise the
company of any reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a) of Regulation S-K of
the Exchange Act. We requested that Andersen furnish a letter addressed to the
Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not it agrees with the
statements made in the Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2002. A copy of the letter,
dated June 11, 2002, stated Andersen's agreement with the foregoing disclosures
and was filed as Exhibit 16.1 to the Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2002.

         During the last two fiscal years, and during the subsequent interim
period preceding the engagement of KPMG, the Registrant had not consulted KPMG
regarding the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction,
either contemplated or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be
rendered on the Registrant's financial statements or any other matter that would
be required to be reported

Item 9a.      Controls and Procedures

         Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(c) as of the end of
the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure
controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2003 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal controls over financial reporting.

                                       38

<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10.      Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

         The information set forth under the caption "Election of Directors" in
the Proxy Statement for our 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2003 Proxy
Statement") is incorporated herein by this reference. We will file the 2003
Proxy Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. Information
regarding executive officers is in Part I of this report.

Item 11.      Executive Compensation

         The information set forth under the captions "Directors' Fees" and
"Compensation of Executive Officers" in the 2003 Proxy Statement, to be filed
with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, is incorporated
herein by this reference.

Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

         The information set forth under the captions "Voting Securities and
Principal Holders Thereof" and "Security Ownership By Management" in the 2003
Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act, is incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         The information set forth under the caption "Certain Transactions" in
the 2003 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of
the Exchange Act, is incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services

         A description of the fees paid to our independent auditors will be set
forth in the section titled "Independent Public Accountants" of the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                       39

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

Item 15.      Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

             (a)      (1)   Financial statements:  See Item 8 above.

                      (2)   The following financial statement schedule and
                            auditors' report thereon are included in Part IV of
                            this report:
                                                                            Page
                            Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  42

                            Schedules other than those listed above have been
                            omitted because they are either not required or not
                            applicable or because the information is presented
                            in the consolidated financial statements or the
                            notes thereto.

                      (3)   Exhibits.

                              See Exhibit Index.

             (b) Reports on Form 8-K


                 On April 28, 2003, the registrant filed a Current Report on
                 Form 8-K to furnish as an exhibit registrant's press release
                 announcing its results for its fiscal 2003 third quarter and
                 first nine months.

             (c) See Item 15(a)(3) above.

             (d) See Item 15(a)(2) above.

                                       40

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

                  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                               D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.
                                         (Registrant)

                               By /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                                  --------------------------
                                  J. Hord Armstrong, III, Chairman of the Board,
                                  Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer

Date: September 29, 2003

                  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Signature                           Title                                           Date
- ---------                           -----                                           ----
<S>                                 <C>                                             <C>
/s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III          Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,              September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------     Treasurer and Director
J. Hord Armstrong, III

/s/ Martin D. Wilson                President, Chief Operating Officer              September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------     and Director
Martin D. Wilson

/s/ Thomas S. Hilton                Senior Vice President, Chief Financial          September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------     Officer (Principal financial and
Thomas S. Hilton                    accounting officer)


/s/ Richard F. Ford                 Director                                        September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------
Richard F. Ford

/s/ Bryan H. Lawrence               Director                                        September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------
Bryan H. Lawrence

/s/ Mary Ann Van Lokeren            Director                                        September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------
Mary Ann Van Lokeren

/s/ Thomas F. Patton                Director                                        September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------
Thomas F. Patton

/s/ Louis B. Susman                 Director                                        September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------
Louis B. Susman

/s/ Harvey C. Jewett, IV            Director                                        September 29, 2003
- -------------------------------
Harvey C. Jewett, IV
</TABLE>

                                       41

<PAGE>

                D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
        SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS FOR FISCAL 2001,
                          FISCAL 2002, AND FISCAL 2003

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Additions
                                                    -----------------------------
                                   Balance at       Charged to                                            Balance at
                                   Beginning        Costs and                                               End of
        Description                of Period         Expenses        Acquisitions       Deductions          Period
- ----------------------------- -- -------------- -- ------------- --- -------------- -- --------------- -- -------------
<S>                               <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>                <C>
Valuation Allowances for
Doubtful Receivables:

Fiscal Year 2001                  $ 1,411,000       $  436,000       $    670,000      $   (320,000)      $ 2,197,000
                                  ===========       ==========       ============      ============       ===========

Fiscal Year 2002                  $ 2,197,000       $  525,000       $         --      $ (1,348,000)      $ 1,374,000
                                  ===========       ==========       ============      ============       ===========

Fiscal Year 2003                  $ 1,374,000       $  230,000       $         --      $         --       $ 1,604,000
                                  ===========       ==========       ============      ============       ===========
</TABLE>

                                       42

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                  Description
- -----------                                  ------------
<S>                 <C>
  2.1*              Stock Purchase and Redemption Agreement, dated as of
                    November 30, 1995, by and among Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc.,
                    J. David McCay, The J. David McCay Living Trust, Robert E.
                    Korenblat and the registrant filed as an exhibit to the
                    registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                    March 28, 1997.

  2.2*              Stock Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 1999 by and between
                    the registrant and Harvey C. Jewett, IV, filed as an exhibit
                    to Form 8-K dated June 14, 1999.

  3.1*              Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed as an exhibit
                    to registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No.
                    33-48730).

  3.2*              Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of
                    Incorporation of D&K Wholesale Drug, Inc filed as an exhibit
                    to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                    ended June 30, 1998.

  3.3*              Certificate of Designations for Series B Junior
                    Participating Preferred Stock of D&K Healthcare Resources,
                    Inc. filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly
                    Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001.

  3.4*              By-laws of the registrant, as currently in effect, filed as
                    an exhibit to registrant's Registration Statement on Form
                    S-1 (Reg. No. 33-48730).

  3.5*              Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
                    D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc., dated March 13, 2002, filed
                    as an exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form
                    10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002

  4.1*              Form of certificate for Common Stock, filed as an exhibit to
                    registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No.
                    33-48730).

  4.2*              Form of Rights Agreement dated as of November 12, 1998
                    between registrant and Harris Trust and Savings Bank as
                    Rights Agent, which includes as Exhibit B the form of Right
                    Certificate, filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K dated November
                    17, 1998.

  10.1*             D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc., Amended and Restated 1992
                    Long Term Incentive Plan, filed as Annex A to the
                    registrant's 1999 Proxy Statement.

  10.2*             D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and
                    Trust, dated January 1, 1995, filed as an exhibit to the
                    registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                    March 29, 1996.

  10.2a*            Amendment Number 1 to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit
                    Sharing Plan and Trust, dated December 20, 1996, filed as an
                    exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                    year ended June 30, 2000.

  10.2b*            Amendment Number 2 to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit
                    Sharing Plan and Trust, dated September 17, 1997, filed as an
                    exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                    year ended June 30, 2000.

  10.2c*            Resolution to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing
                    Plan and Trust, dated March 27, 2000, filed as an exhibit to
                    the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                    June 30, 2000.

  10.3*             Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated as of January 16,
                    1996, by and between Morhaert Development, L.L.C. and the
                    registrant, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual
                    Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 29, 1996.

  10.4*             Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 7, 1998
                    between registrant, certain of its subsidiaries and D&K
                    Receivables Corporation, filed as an exhibit to the
                    registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                    June 30, 1998.

  10.5*             Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated
                    September 30, 2000, by and among Fleet Capital Corporation,
                    the registrant, Jaron Inc., and Jewett Drug Co., filed as an
                    exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
                    for the quarter ended September 30, 2000.

  10.5a*            First Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and
                    Security Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2001, by and among
                    Fleet Capital Corporation, the registrant, Jaron, Inc, and
                    Jewett Drug Co., filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
                    2001.
</TABLE>

                                       43

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                  Description
- -----------                                  -----------
<S>                 <C>
  10.5b*            Third Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and
                    Security Agreement, dated as of June 12,2001, by and among
                    Fleet Capital Corporation, the registrant, Jaron, Inc., and
                    Jewett Drug Co, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                    Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 14, 2001.

  10.5c*            Ninth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and
                    Security Agreement, dated July 9, 2002, by and among Fleet
                    Capital Corporation, the registrant, Jaron, Inc., and Jewett
                    Drug Co, Diversified Healthcare, LLC, and Medical and Vaccine
                    Products, Inc. filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual
                    Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2002.

  10.5d*            Sixth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated
                    March 28, 2003, by and among Fleet Capital Corporation
                    (individually and as Agent for Lenders), registrant, Jewett
                    Drug Co., Diversified Healthcare, LLC, and Medical & Vaccine
                    Products, Inc. filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Current
                    Report on Form 8-K dated March 31, 2003.

  10.6*             Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated
                    June 8, 2001, by and among D&K Receivables Corporation, the
                    registrant, Blue Keel Funding, LLC, Market Street Funding
                    Corporation, PNC Bank, N.A. and Fleet National Bank, filed
                    as an exhibit to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
                    dated June 14, 2001.

  10.6a*            Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Receivables
                    Purchase Agreement, dated August 9, 2002, by and among D&K
                    Receivables Corporation, the registrant, Blue Keel Funding,
                    LLC, Market Street Funding Corporation, Fifth Third Bank,
                    Indiana, PNC Bank, N.A., Fifth Third Bank, and Fleet National
                    Bank filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on
                    Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2002.

  10.7*             Prime Vendor Agreement dated as of August 25, 1999, between
                    Tennessee Pharmacy Purchasing Alliance and the registrant,
                    filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on
                    Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1999.

  10.7a*            First Amendment to Prime Vendor Agreement dated effective as
                    of April 1, 2001 between The Pharmacy Cooperative formerly
                    known as Tennessee Pharmacy Purchasing Alliance and the
                    registrant filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                    Registration Statement, Amendment No. 2 to Form S-3 dated June
                    27, 2001.

  10.8*             Lease Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1999, by and between
                    BSRT Lexington Trust and the registrant, filed as an exhibit
                    to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                    ended June 30, 1999.

  10.9*             Lease Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1997, by and between
                    Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co, filed as
                    an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                    for the year ended June 30, 1999.

  10.10*            First Amendment to Lease, dated as of June 1, 1999, by and
                    between Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co,
                    filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form
                    10-K for the year ended June 30, 1999.

  10.11*            Lease Agreement dated as of July 1, 1997 by and between Jewett
                    Family Investments, LLC and the registrant, filed as an
                    exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                    year ended June 30, 1999.

  10.12*            First Amendment to Lease, dated as of June 1, 1999, by and
                    between Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co,
                    filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form
                    10-K for the year ended June 30, 1999.

  10.13*            Employment agreement for J. Hord Armstrong, III dated
                    September 15, 2000, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
                    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.

  10.14*            Employment agreement for Martin D. Wilson dated August 28,
                    2000, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report
                    on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.
</TABLE>

                                       44

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                  Description
- -----------                                  -----------
<S>                 <C>
  10.15*            Employment agreement for Thomas S. Hilton dated August 31,
                    2000, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report
                    on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.

  10.16*            D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. Executive Retirement Benefit
                    Plan, dated January 1, 1998. filed as an exhibit to the
                    registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                    June 30, 2000.

  10.17*            D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc. 2001 Long Term Incentive
                    Plan, dated November, 2001, filed as an exhibit to the
                    registrant's 2001 Proxy Statement.

  10.18*            Lease Agreement dated as of October 10, 2001 by and between
                    Forsyth Centre Associates, L.L.C., and the registrant filed
                    as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                    for the year ended June 30, 2002.

  10.18a*           Amendment to Lease Agreement dated February 26, 2002 by and
                    between Forsyth Centre Associates, L.L.C., and the
                    registrant filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual
                    Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2002.

  10.19*            Lease Agreement, dated February 7, 2001, by and between
                    Industrial Property Fund III, L.P. and the registrant, filed
                    as an exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form
                    10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001.

  10.20**           Lease Agreement, dated August 2003, by and between Hillwood
                    Metro No. 10, L.P., LCS Land Partners II, Ltd and the
                    registrant.

  13**              Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Stockholders.

  21**              Subsidiaries of the registrant.

  23.1**            Consent of KPMG LLP

  23.2**            Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP

  31.1**            Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18
                    U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of
                    the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  31.2**            Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18
                    U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of
                    the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  32 **             Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
                    Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted
                    Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
</TABLE>

*     Incorporated by reference.

**   Filed herewith.

                                       45

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c79770exv10w20.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.20

                                 LEASE AGREEMENT

                                     BETWEEN

            HILLWOOD METRO NO. 10, L.P., A TEXAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
           AND LCS LAND PARTNERS II, LTD., A TEXAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
                                    LANDLORD

                                       AND

                         D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.,
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION
                                     TENANT

                        LAKESIDE TRADE CENTER, BUILDING 1

                               August ______, 2003

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       1

<PAGE>

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.       PREMISES, PROJECT AND TERM

2.       BASE RENT, SECURITY DEPOSIT AND ESCROW PAYMENTS

3.       COMMON AREAS AND COMMON AREA CHARGES

4.       TAXES

5.       LANDLORD'S REPAIRS

6.       TENANT'S REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE

7.       ALTERATIONS

8.       SIGNS

9.       UTILITIES

10.      INSURANCE

11.      FIRE AND CASUALTY DAMAGE

12.      LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

13.      USE

14.      INSPECTION

15.      ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

16.      CONDEMNATION

17.      HOLDING OVER

18.      QUIET ENJOYMENT

19.      EVENTS OF DEFAULT

20.      REMEDIES

21.      MORTGAGES

22.      MECHANIC'S LIENS

23.      HAZARDOUS MATERIALS

24.      LANDLORD'S LIEN

25.      NOTICES AND RENT PAYMENTS

26.      MISCELLANEOUS

27.      RENEWAL OPTION

28.      EARLY OCCUPANCY

29.      RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER

30.      EARLY TERMINATION RIGHT

31.      FIRE SPRINKLER SYSTEM

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       2

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT "A"    ...............................PROJECT SITE PLAN SHOWING PREMISES

EXHIBIT "B"    ................................LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT LAND

EXHIBIT "C"    ......................................................WORK LETTER

EXHIBIT "C-1"  .......................TENANT IMPROVEMENTS OUTLINE SPECIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT "D"    .............................MEMORANDUM OF ACCEPTANCE OF PREMISES

EXHIBIT "E"    ...........SUBORDINATION, NONDISTURBANCE AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT "F"    ............................................INTENTIONALLY DELETED

EXHIBIT "G"    ................................................FIRST OFFER SPACE

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       3

<PAGE>

                          LIST OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS

Base Rent.......................................................    Paragraph 2A

Building........................................................    Paragraph 1A

Capital Items...................................................    Paragraph 3E

Commencement Date...............................................    Paragraph 1C

Common Areas....................................................    Paragraph 3A

Common Area Charges.............................................    Paragraph 3E

Event of Default................................................    Paragraph 19

Force Majeure...................................................   Paragraph 26C

Land............................................................    Paragraph 1A

Leasehold Improvements..........................................     Exhibit "C"

Permitted Use...................................................    Paragraph 13

Premises........................................................    Paragraph 1A

Prime Rate......................................................   Paragraph 20E

Project.........................................................    Paragraph 1A

Reimbursable Expenses...........................................    Paragraph 2C

SNDA............................................................    Paragraph 21

Taking..........................................................    Paragraph 16

Taxes...........................................................    Paragraph 4A

Tenant Delays...................................................     Exhibit "C"

Tenant's Affiliates.............................................   Paragraph 15B

Term............................................................    Paragraph 1B

Toxic or Hazardous Materials....................................   Paragraph 23A

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       4

<PAGE>

                             BASIC LEASE INFORMATION

Lease Date:                August __, 2003

Tenant:                    D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc., a Delaware
                           corporation

Tenant's Contact:          Telephone: (______)_____________

Landlord:                  Hillwood Metro No. 10, L.P., a Texas limited
                           partnership and LCS Land Partners II, Ltd., a Texas
                           limited partnership

Landlord's Contact:        c/o Hillwood Investment Properties
                           Three Lincoln Centre
                           5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 800
                           Dallas, TX 75240
                           Attn: Tal Hicks
                           Telephone: (972) 201-2800

With copy to:              Hillwood Development Company, LLC
                           Three Lincoln Centre
                           5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 800
                           Dallas, TX 75240
                           Attn: Tom Mason

Premises:                  The Premises (herein so called) contain approximately
                           rentable 70,100 square feet in Landlord's
                           approximately rentable 266,100 square foot
                           multi-tenant building (the "Building") known as
                           Lakeside Trade Center Building 1, and are shown by
                           the crosshatched area on the Project Site Plan
                           attached hereto as EXHIBIT "A". The Building is
                           located on the approximately 14.39 acres of land (the
                           "Land") described on EXHIBIT "B" attached hereto. The
                           address of the Premises is 500 Enterprise Drive,
                           Suite 100, Flower Mound, Texas.

Project:                   The Project (herein so called) includes the Land, the
                           Building and all other improvements located or to be
                           located on the Land, including without limitation the
                           Common Areas described in Paragraph 3A.

Term:                      Eighty-Four (84) months, commencing on the
                           Commencement Date (which is estimated to be October
                           1, 2003 and ending at 5:00 p.m. on the last day of
                           the eighty-fourth (84th) month, subject to adjustment
                           and earlier termination as provided in the Lease.

Base Rent:                 Months 1-5, $0.00; Months 6-41 $28,390.50 ($4.86 per
                           square foot per annum); Months 42-44, $0.00; Months
                           45-60 $28,390.50 ($4.86 per square foot per annum);
                           Months 61-84, $30,785.59 ($5.27 per square foot per
                           annum) payable at the address specified in Paragraph
                           25A.

Tenant's initial proportionate
      share of Taxes under
      Paragraph 4A:                         $3,388.17 per month

Tenant's initial proportionate
     share of cost of insurance
     under Paragraph 10A:                   $292.08 per month

Tenant's initial proportionate
     share of Common Area
     Charges under Paragraph 3E:            $1,168.33 per month

Security Deposit under Paragraph 2B:        $33,239.08

Tenant's Proportionate Share:               26.34% which is the percentage
                                            obtained by dividing (i) the 70,100
                                            square feet of area in the Premises
                                            by (ii) the 266,100 square feet of
                                            area in the Building.

Broker or Agent (See Paragraph 24I):        Robert Lynn Company, representing
                                            Landlord.
                                            Robert Lynn Company, representing
                                            Tenant.

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       5

<PAGE>

                                 LEASE AGREEMENT

         THIS LEASE AGREEMENT, made and entered into as of the __ day of August,
2003, by and between Hillwood Metro No. 10, L.P., a Texas limited partnership
and LCS Land Partners II, Ltd., a Texas limited partnership ("Landlord"), and
D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Tenant");

                                   WITNESSETH:

         1.       PREMISES, PROJECT AND TERM.

         A.       In consideration of the mutual obligations of Landlord and
Tenant set forth herein, Landlord leases to Tenant, and Tenant hereby takes from
Landlord, the "Premises" (herein so called), containing approximately 70,100
square feet as shown by the crosshatched area on the Project Site Plan attached
hereto as Exhibit "A", together with all rights, privileges, easements,
appurtenances, and amenities belonging to or in any way pertaining to the
Premises, to have and to hold, subject to the terms, covenants and conditions in
this Lease. The Premises are a part of Landlord's multi-tenant real property
development known as Lakeside Trade Center, Building 1 (the "Building"), located
on approximately 14.39 acres (the "Land") described on Exhibit "B" attached
hereto and made a part hereof. The "Project" (herein so called) includes the
Land, the approximately 266,100 square foot Building and all other improvements
located or to be located on the Land, including the common areas described in
Paragraph 3A.

         B.       The term of this Lease (the "Term") shall be eighty-four (84)
months, commencing on the Commencement Date (hereinafter defined and which is
estimated to be October 1, 2003) and shall end at 5:00 p.m. on the last day of
the eighty-fourth (84th) full calendar month after the Commencement Date,
subject to adjustment and earlier termination as provided in this Lease.

         C.       The "Commencement Date" shall be the date that is the earlier
of (i) the date on which Tenant first occupies the Premises for the purpose of
conducting its business, or (ii) the date upon which the Leasehold Improvements
(hereinafter defined) have been substantially completed in accordance with the
provisions of EXHIBIT "C" attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
After the Commencement Date, Landlord will forward to Tenant a letter
documenting the delivery of the Premises and any other factual matters
pertaining to this Lease in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT "D".

         D.       Notwithstanding the fact that the Term of this Lease and
Tenant's obligation to pay rent does not commence until the Commencement Date,
this Lease shall nevertheless be binding upon the parties in accordance with its
terms when executed by Landlord and Tenant.

         2.       BASE RENT, SECURITY DEPOSIT AND ESCROW PAYMENTS.

         A.       Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord base rent ("Base Rent") for
the Premises, in advance, without demand, deduction or set off, at the following
rates and amounts during the Term hereof:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             Monthly       Annual     Per Square Foot
 Months     Base Rent     Base Rent      Per Annum
 ------     ---------     ---------   --------------
<S>         <C>          <C>          <C>
1 - 5              -0-           -0-         -0-
6 - 41      $28,390.50   $340,686.00       $4.86
42 - 44            -0-                       -0-
45 - 60     $28,390.50   $340,686.00       $4.86
61 - 84     $30,785.59   $369,427.00       $5.27
</TABLE>

         The Base Rent for the sixth month of the Term, plus the other monthly
charges set forth in Paragraph 2C below, shall be due and payable on the
Commencement Date and subsequent monthly installments shall be due and payable
on or before the first day of each calendar month succeeding the Commencement
Date, except that all payments due hereunder for any fractional calendar month
shall be prorated. Base Rent and other payments due hereunder shall be payable
at the address specified pursuant to Paragraph 25.

         B.       In addition, Tenant agrees to deposit with Landlord on the
date hereof the sum of Thirty-Three Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Nine and 08/100
Dollars ($33,239.08), which shall be held by Landlord as security for the
performance of Tenant's obligations under this Lease, it being expressly

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       6

<PAGE>

understood and agreed that this security deposit is not an advance rental
deposit or a measure of Landlord's damages in case of Tenant's default. Upon
each occurrence of an Event of Default (hereinafter defined), Landlord may use
all or part of the security deposit to pay past due rent or other payments due
Landlord under this Lease, and the cost of any other damage, injury, expense or
liability caused by such Event of Default without prejudice to any other remedy
provided herein or provided by law. On demand, Tenant shall pay Landlord the
amount that will restore the security deposit to its original amount. The
security deposit shall be deemed the property of Landlord, but any remaining
balance of such security deposit shall be returned by Landlord to Tenant within
sixty (60) days after the end of the Term, subject to adjustment and earlier
termination as provided in this Lease.

         C.       In addition to Base Rent and Tenant's other obligations
hereunder, Tenant agrees to pay its Proportionate Share (as defined in the Basic
Lease Information) of the following costs and expenses (collectively, the
"Reimbursable Expenses"): (i) Taxes (hereinafter defined) payable by Landlord
pursuant to Paragraph 4A below, (ii) the cost of jointly metered utilities
payable pursuant to Paragraph 9 below, (iii) the cost of maintaining insurance
pursuant to Paragraph 10A below, (iv) Common Area Charges (hereinafter defined)
payable by Tenant in accordance with Paragraph 3 below, including without
limitation any expenses that are designated as capital expenditures by generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), provided that any such capital
expenditures will be amortized over the useful life, as determined by GAAP, of
such capital expenditures, and such amortization will be included in Common Area
Charges for each year of such useful life falling within the Term of this Lease
(to the extent that the useful life of a capital expenditure exceeds the
expiration of the Term, Tenant will have no obligation to pay Landlord such
amount following such expiration), and (v) the cost of any repair, replacement,
or capital expenditures required under any governmental law or regulation that
was not applicable to the Building at time of original construction. During each
month of the Term of this Lease, on the same day that Base Rent is due
hereunder, Tenant shall escrow with Landlord an amount equal to 1/12th of
Tenant's proportionate share of such Reimbursable Expenses, as estimated by
Landlord. Tenant authorizes Landlord to use the funds deposited with Landlord
under this Paragraph 2C to pay such Reimbursable Expenses. Landlord shall be
entitled to revise its projection in the exercise of its reasonable business
judgment and consistent with its past practices of such Reimbursable Expenses at
any time and if Landlord so revises such projection, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord, on the same day as Base Rent is due hereunder (and on the first day of
each calendar month during the Free-Rent Period), an amount equal to 1/12th of
Tenant's proportionate share of such Reimbursable Expenses pursuant to
Landlord's revised estimate thereof. By April 30 of each calendar year (or as
soon thereafter as may be practicable) during the Term hereof Landlord shall
determine the actual Reimbursable Expenses for the preceding calendar year and
shall notify Tenant thereof. If the Tenant's total escrow payments are less than
Tenant's actual proportionate share of all such Reimbursable Expenses, Tenant
shall pay the difference to Landlord within ten (10) days after demand. If the
total escrow payments of Tenant are more than Tenant's actual proportionate
share of all such Reimbursable Expenses, Landlord shall retain such excess and
credit it against Tenant's next annual escrow payments, except that if the Lease
Term has ended, Landlord shall refund any such excess to Tenant within thirty
(30) days after the Lease expiration date.

         D.       Following the first full calendar year of the Term, Tenant's
proportionate share of "controllable" Common Area Charges for any calendar year
shall not exceed the amount of Tenant's proportionate share of "controllable"
Common Area Charges for the immediately preceding calendar year by more than ten
percent (10%). For the purposes hereof, the term "controllable" Common Area
Charges shall mean all Common Area Charges in the reasonable control of
Landlord, excluding (without limitation) taxes, insurance and utilities.

         E.       Landlord agrees to keep and maintain books and records
reflecting the Reimbursable Expenses in accordance with sound accounting
principles consistently applied. Tenant shall have the right, upon at least five
(5) days advance written notice to Landlord ("Audit Notice") and at Tenant's
sole expense, to audit Landlord's books and records in order to verify actual
Reimbursable Expenses. Any such audit shall be performed during Landlord's
normal business hours. Landlord shall have the right to dispute the result of
any such audit by Tenant. If Landlord so disputes such audit, and if Landlord
and Tenant are unable to resolve such dispute within thirty (30) days, then the
dispute shall be submitted to a reputable independent accounting firm reasonably
acceptable to Landlord and Tenant ("Firm") for resolution. The reasonable
determination of the Firm shall be binding on Landlord and Tenant. If the
parties' mutual agreement as to the Reimbursable Expenses in question, or the
determination of the Firm (as applicable), establishes that Tenant underpaid or
overpaid its proportionate share of Reimbursable Expenses (as required pursuant
to this Lease), then Landlord shall refund to Tenant any such overpayment, or
Tenant shall pay to Landlord any such underpayment (as applicable), promptly
upon the agreement of the parties or conclusion of such determination (as the
case may be). In addition, if the Firm is engaged as provided hereinabove and
the determination of such Firm establishes: (i) that Tenant overpaid or
underpaid its proportionate share of Reimbursable Expenses by five percent (5%)
or more, then (A) Landlord shall pay all costs of

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       7

<PAGE>

engaging the Firm and Tenant's reasonable expenses in connection with such audit
in case of any such overpayment (provided that Landlord's obligation to pay such
costs and expenses shall not apply to any overpayment made with respect to the
first year of the Term of this Lease in which case Tenant shall pay all such
costs and expenses), and (B) Tenant shall pay all costs of engaging the Firm and
Landlord's reasonable expenses in connection with such audit in case of any such
underpayment; or (ii) that the variance was less than five percent (5%), Tenant
shall pay the entire cost of engaging the Firm in connection with such audit. In
all other circumstances (other than those provided in the immediately preceding
sentence) each party shall pay its own expenses in connection with any such
audit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant's
obligation to pay all amounts, and to perform all of its other obligations,
under this Lease shall not be abated, suspended or otherwise affected during the
pendency of the audit, dispute, reconciliation and determination procedure set
forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall have the right to audit
Landlord's books and records only with respect to the Reimbursable Expenses for
the calendar year immediately preceding the year in which Tenant gives the Audit
Notice (but in no event with respect to periods prior to the Commencement Date).
Payment by Tenant of Reimbursable Expenses shall not be deemed to constitute a
waiver by Tenant of its rights to audit Reimbursable Expenses. This paragraph
shall survive the termination of the Lease for a period one year.

         3.       COMMON AREAS AND COMMON AREA CHARGES.

         A.       As used in this Lease, "Common Areas" shall mean all areas
within the Project which are available for the common use of tenants of the
Project and which are not leased or held for the exclusive use of Tenant or
other tenants, including, but not limited to, parking areas, driveways,
sidewalks, loading areas, access roads, corridors, landscaping and planted
areas. Landlord, from time to time, may change the size, location, nature and
use of any of the Common Areas, convert Common Areas into leasable areas,
construct additional parking facilities (including parking structures) in the
Common Areas, and increase or decrease Common Area land and/or facilities. Such
activities are permitted if they do not materially affect Tenant's use of or
access to the Premises or materially affect the parking available to Tenant.

         B.       Tenant shall have the nonexclusive right (in common with other
tenants and all others to whom Landlord has granted or may grant such rights) to
use the Common Areas for the purposes intended, subject to such reasonable rules
and regulations as Landlord may establish from time to time. Tenant shall abide
by such rules and regulations and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause others who use the Common Areas with Tenant's express or implied
permission to abide by Landlord's rules and regulations. At any time, Landlord
may, after providing Tenant with advance written notice, temporarily close
portions of the Common Areas to perform any acts in the Common Areas as is
required in connection with repairs, or in connection with improvements which,
in Landlord's reasonable judgment, are desirable to improve the Project.
Landlord will exercise good faith commercially reasonable efforts to minimize
interference with use of the Common Areas in connection with any such work.
Tenant shall not interfere with the rights of Landlord, other tenants or any
other person entitled to use the Common Areas.

         C.       Except as may be clearly marked and indicated on the Project
Site Plan attached hereto as EXHIBIT "A", Tenant's parking shall not be
reserved. Parking shall be limited to vehicles no larger than standard size
automobiles or pickup utility vehicles, which shall be parked only in striped
parking spaces and not in driveways, loading areas or other locations not
specifically designated for parking. Handicapped spaces shall only be used by
those legally entitled to such use. Tenant shall not cause large trucks or other
large vehicles to be parked within the Project or on the adjacent public
streets, except that temporary parking of large delivery vehicles or storage of
trailers shall be permitted adjacent to Tenant's dock doors. If a trailer
parking area is included in the Project, Tenant shall be entitled to use those
trailer parking spaces clearly marked and indicated to be for Tenant's use on
the attached Project Site Plan for the parking and storage of large delivery
vehicles and/or trailers.

         D.       Landlord shall maintain the Common Areas in good order,
condition and repair and shall operate the Project, in Landlord's reasonable
discretion, as a first-class industrial/commercial real property development.

         E.       In addition to other amounts required to be paid by Tenant
hereunder, Tenant shall pay to Landlord Tenant's proportionate share of the
following costs and expenses (collectively, the "Common Area Charges"):

                  (1)      The cost of repair and maintenance of the roof of the
Building (unless the Building has a standing seam metal roof, in which case
Landlord shall be responsible for roof repair and maintenance pursuant to
Paragraph 5 below).

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       8

<PAGE>

                  (2)      The cost of repair, maintenance and replacement of
(i) the exterior of the Building (including painting), other than those
structural repairs and replacements for which Landlord is responsible pursuant
to Paragraph 5; (ii) all mechanical, electrical, plumbing, sewer, sprinkler and
other life safety equipment and systems forming a part of the Building or the
Project (other than the cost of repair, replacement and maintenance of the items
which are Tenant's responsibility pursuant to Paragraph 6 which shall be paid
entirely by Tenant as provided in Paragraph 6); and (iii) all other Common Areas
and facilities constituting a part of the Building or the Project (including,
but not limited to, all paved areas in and about the Building).

                  (3)      The cost of maintenance and replacement of the grass,
shrubbery and other landscaping in and about the Building and/or the Project.

                  (4)      The cost of operating and maintaining in a good,
neat, clean and sanitary condition all parking areas, driveways, alleys and
grounds in and about the Building (including trash removal).

                  (5)      The cost of assessments under any applicable
Declaration of Covenants, Restrictions and Easements (as may be amended from
time to time) which are assessed by the applicable property owners association.
Currently, the Premises are not subject to any such assessments.

                  (6)      The cost of operating and maintaining any property,
facilities or services provided for the common use of Tenant and other tenants
of the Building or the Project, which costs shall include, without limitation,
security services (if furnished by Landlord).

                  (7)      Management fees incurred by Landlord in connection
with the Project in the amount of two percent (2%) of the monthly Base Rent for
each month of the Lease Term (and on the first day of each calendar month during
the Free-Rent Period); provided, however, that during the Free-Rent Period the
monthly management fees shall be equal to two percent (2%) of the Base Rent due
for the sixth month of the Term.

Common Area Charges shall not include the following: (i) except as expressly
provided in Paragraph 2C, costs of items considered capital repairs,
replacements, improvements and equipment under GAAP consistently applied or
otherwise ("Capital Items"); (ii) those structural repairs and replacements for
which Landlord is responsible pursuant to Paragraph 5; (iii) costs incurred by
Landlord for the repair of damage to the Property, to the extent that Landlord
is reimbursed by insurance proceeds, (iv) any sums paid to Landlord or to
subsidiaries or affiliates of Landlord for goods and/or services in or to the
Building to the extent the same exceeds the costs of such goods and/or services
rendered by unaffiliated third parties on a competitive basis; (v)
notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Lease, including, without
limitation, any provision relating to Capital Items, any and all costs arising
from the presence of hazardous materials or substances (as defined by applicable
laws in effect on the date hereof) in or about the Premises or the Project; (vi)
expenses for which any other tenant of the Building is responsible under the
terms of its lease.

         4.       TAXES.

         A.       Landlord agrees to pay all taxes, assessments and governmental
charges of any kind and nature (collectively referred to herein as "Taxes") that
accrue against the Premises, and/or the Land and/or improvements of which the
Premises are a part. For purposes of this Lease, the term "Taxes" shall mean the
actual amounts paid by Landlord after taking into account the benefits of any
applicable tax abatements or rebates. If at any time during the Term of this
Lease, there shall be levied, assessed or imposed on Landlord a capital levy or
other tax directly on the rents received herefrom and/or a franchise tax,
assessment, levy or charge measured by or based, in whole or in part, upon such
rents from the Premises and/or the Land and improvements of which the Premises
are a part, then all such taxes, assessments, levies or charges, or the part
thereof so measured or based, shall be deemed to be included within the term
"Taxes" for the purposes hereof. Landlord shall have the right to employ an
independent tax-consulting firm to attempt to assure a fair tax burden on the
Building and grounds within the applicable taxing jurisdiction. Tenant agrees to
pay its proportionate share of the commercially reasonable cost of such
consultant.

         B.       Tenant shall be liable for all taxes levied or assessed
against any personal property or fixtures placed in the Premises. If any such
taxes are levied or assessed against Landlord or Landlord's property and (i)
Landlord pays the same or (ii) the assessed value of Landlord's property is
increased by inclusion of such personal property and fixtures and Landlord pays
the increased taxes, then, upon demand Tenant shall pay to Landlord such taxes.

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       9

<PAGE>

         C.       Tenant hereby waives any right it may have under Section
41.413 of the Texas Tax Code to protest the appraised value of all or any
portion of the Premises and the Building, and any right it may have under
Section 42.015 of the Texas Tax Code to appeal an order of the appraisal review
board with respect to all or any portion of the Premises and/or the Building.
Tenant agrees that Landlord shall have the sole right to protest any appraisals
of the Premises and the Building. Tenant also hereby waives any right it may
have to receive a copy of any notice received by Landlord of reappraisal of all
or any portion of the Premises and/or the Building, including without limitation
any notice required under Section 41.413(d) of the Texas Tax Code. Tenant agrees
that Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any damages for Landlord's
failure to send to Tenant a copy of any notice of reappraisal concerning the
Premises and/or the Building, irrespective of any obligation under applicable
law of Landlord to provide such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant
protests, challenges or appeals any valuation for property tax purposes of all
or any portion of the Premises and/or the Building, and such valuation increases
from the value protested, appealed or challenged, Tenant agrees to indemnify
Landlord on an after-tax basis for any property taxes due as a result of such
increase.

         D.       Landlord agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to
comply with (i) the Chapter 381 Agreement (which relates to tax abatements) by
and between LCS Land Partners II, LTD., Hillwood Metro No. 10, L.P. and Denton
County dated August of 2001, (ii) the Town of Flower Mound and LCS Land Partners
II, LTD., and Hillwood Metro No. 10, L.P., Chapter 380 Partnership Agreement,
and (iii) any other tax abatement agreement to which Landlord is or becomes a
party.

         5.       LANDLORD'S REPAIRS. Tenant understands and agrees that
Landlord's maintenance, repair and replacement obligations are limited to those
expressly set forth in this Paragraph 5. Landlord, at its own cost and expense,
shall be responsible only for replacement and repair of the roof, the foundation
and the structural members of the exterior walls of the Building, reasonable
wear and tear excluded. The term "walls" as used herein shall not include
windows, glass or plate glass, doors, special store fronts or office entries,
except that Landlord will be responsible for repair of any window breakage
caused by structural movement or caused by the direct negligence or fault of
Landlord. Tenant shall immediately give Landlord written notice of defect or
need for repairs under this Paragraph 5, after which Landlord shall have
reasonable opportunity to repair same or cure such defect.

         6.       TENANT'S REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE.

         A.       Except as provided in Paragraph 5 (Landlord's Repairs),
Paragraph 11 (Fire and Casualty Damage) and Paragraph 16 (Condemnation), and
except for express obligations under this Lease and for normal wear and tear,
Tenant, at its own cost and expense, shall (i) maintain all parts of the
Premises (including, but not limited to, the floor slab of the Premises and the
mechanical, electrical, plumbing, sewer, sprinkler and other life safety
equipment, fixtures and systems forming a part of the Premises), in good, neat,
clean, sanitary and operable condition and (ii) promptly make all necessary
repairs and replacements to the Premises in a good and workmanlike manner. In
addition to the foregoing, Tenant shall, at its sole expense (subject to
Paragraph 11D), repair any damage to the Premises or the Building caused by acts
or omissions of Tenant or Tenant's employees, agents or invitees, or caused by
Tenant's default hereunder.

         B.       In addition to Tenant's other obligations hereunder, Tenant,
at its own cost and expense, shall enter into a regularly scheduled preventive
maintenance/service contract with a maintenance contractor reasonably approved
by Landlord for servicing all hot water, heating and air conditioning and
elevator systems and equipment within or serving the Premises. The service
contract must include all services suggested by the equipment manufacturer in
its operations/maintenance manual and an executed copy of such contract must be
provided to Landlord prior to the date Tenant takes possession of the Premises.
To the extent they may be assigned, Landlord hereby assigns to Tenant all
guaranties and warranties related to the HVAC System and hot water equipment.

         7.       ALTERATIONS. Tenant shall not make any alterations, additions
or improvements to the Premises without the prior written consent of Landlord,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to obtain Landlord's consent for
repainting, recarpeting, or other alterations totaling less than $10,000.00 in
any single instance or series of related alterations performed within a
six-month period, provided that such alterations do not affect the configuration
or location of any exterior or interior walls of the Building, the HVAC System,
the Building's structure, or the Building's electrical, plumbing, or other
mechanical systems. Additionally, Tenant, at its own cost and expense, may erect
such shelves, bins, machinery and trade fixtures as it desires provided that:
(i) such items do not alter the basic character of the Premises or the Building
and/or improvements of which the Premises are a part; (ii) such items do not
overload or damage the Premises, the Building or such improvements; (iii) such
items may be removed without injury to the

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       10

<PAGE>

Premises; and (iv) the construction, erection or installation thereof complies
with all applicable governmental laws, ordinances, regulations and with
Landlord's reasonable specifications and requirements. All alterations,
additions, improvements and partitions erected by Tenant shall be and remain the
property of Tenant during the Term of this Lease. All shelves, bins, machinery
and trade fixtures installed by Tenant shall be removed on or before the earlier
to occur of the date of termination of this Lease or vacating of the Premises by
Tenant, at which time Tenant shall restore the Premises to their original
condition excluding reasonable wear and tear. All alterations, installations,
removals and restoration shall be performed in a good and workmanlike manner so
as not to damage or alter the primary structure or structural qualities of the
Building and other improvements situated on the Premises or of which the
Premises are a part. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
it is agreed that the use of and access to the roof of the Building is expressly
reserved to Landlord and is expressly denied to Tenant. Tenant shall not
penetrate the roof of the Building in any manner, nor install or construct any
alterations, additions or improvements thereon, nor otherwise use or occupy the
roof at any time during the Term hereof, unless given prior written approval
from Landlord.

         8.       SIGNS. Any signage, decorations, advertising media, blinds,
draperies, window treatments, bars, and security installations Tenant desires
for the Premises shall be subject to Landlord's prior written approval (not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and may be submitted to Landlord prior to
the Commencement Date. Tenant shall repair, paint, and/or replace the Building
fascia surface to which its signs are attached upon vacation of the Premises, or
the removal or alteration of its signage, all at Tenant's sole cost and expense.
Tenant shall not (i) make any changes to the exterior of the Premises, (ii)
install any exterior lights, decorations, balloons, flags, pennants, banners or
painting, or (iii) erect or install any signs, windows or door lettering,
placards, decorations or advertising media of any type which can be viewed from
the exterior of the Premises, without Landlord's prior written consent (not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed). All signs, decorations, advertising media,
blinds, draperies and other window treatment or bars or other security
installations visible from outside the Premises shall conform in all respects to
the criteria established by Landlord and to the requirements of all covenants,
conditions and restrictions applicable to the Premises and the Building.

         9.       UTILITIES. Tenant shall timely pay for all water, gas, heat,
light, power, telephone, sewer, sprinkler charges and other utilities and
services used on or at the Premises, together with any taxes, penalties,
deposits, surcharges or the like pertaining to the Tenant's use of the Premises.
Tenant shall pay all security deposits required by utility companies for any
services separately metered to the Premises. The parties agree that gas and
electricity will be separately metered to the Premises. Tenant shall pay its
proportionate share of all charges for jointly metered utilities (including, but
not limited to the cost of utilities consumed in connection with providing
electrical power for the Building's canopy lighting, the lighting of the parking
facilities and other common areas and facilities associated with the Building,
the Building's fire pump room and irrigation system, as well as other
electricity gauged by the "house meter"). Landlord shall not be liable for any
interruption or failure of utility service on the Premises. Landlord shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to restore any interruption or failure of
utility service to the Building or the Premises to the extent that Landlord
controls such utility service.

         10.      INSURANCE.

         A.       Landlord shall maintain insurance covering the Building of
which the Premises are a part in an amount not less than the "replacement cost"
thereof insuring against the perils and costs of Fire, lightning, Extended
Coverage, vandalism and Malicious Mischief and such other insurance as Landlord
shall deem necessary. The above insurance will include a wavier of subrogation
in favor of Tenant. Landlord will provide Tenant with a certificate of insurance
evidencing the coverage, the wavier of subrogation and providing Tenant a 30 day
prior notice of cancellation.

         B.       Tenant at its own expense, shall maintain during the Term of
this Lease a policy or policies of worker's compensation and comprehensive
general liability insurance, including personal injury and property damage,
including contractual coverage, in the amount of Two Million Dollars
($2,000,000.00) for property damage and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00) per
occurrence for personal injuries or death of persons occurring in or about the
Premises. Tenant, at its own expense also shall maintain during the Term of this
Lease (i) fire and extended coverage insurance covering the replacement cost of
all alterations, additions, partitions and improvements installed or placed on
the Premises by Tenant or by Landlord on behalf of Tenant, and all of Tenant's
personal property contained within the Premises and (ii) business interruption
insurance insuring loss of profits in the event of an insured peril damaging the
Premises. Said policies shall (i) name Landlord as an additional insured and
insure Landlord's contingent liability under this Lease (except for the worker's
compensation policy, which instead shall include a waiver of subrogation
endorsement in favor of Landlord), (ii) be issued by an insurance company which
holds a General Policy Rating of A-12 or better, as set forth in the most
current issue of "Best Key Rating Guide" or an equivalent rating, (iii) provide
that said insurance shall

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       11

<PAGE>

not be cancelled unless thirty (30) days prior written notice shall have been
given to Landlord. In addition, such insurance provided by Tenant shall be
primary coverage for Landlord when any policy issued to Landlord is similar or
duplicate in coverage, and Landlord's policy shall be excess over Tenant's
policies. All insurance policies carried by Tenant hereunder shall expressly
provide (by endorsement or otherwise) that Landlord's rights thereunder shall be
assignable to Landlord's mortgagee who shall be shown as an additional insured
thereon. Said policy or policies or certificates thereof shall be delivered to
Landlord by Tenant upon commencement of the Term of the Lease and upon each
renewal of said insurance.

         C.       Tenant will not permit the Premises to be used for any purpose
or in any manner that would (i) void the insurance thereon, (ii) increase the
insurance risk, or (iii) cause the disallowance of any sprinkler credits,
including without limitation, use of the Premises for the receipt, storage or
handling of any product, material or merchandise that is explosive or highly
inflammable. If any increase in the cost of any insurance on the Premises or the
Building of which the Premises are a part is caused by Tenant's use of the
Premises, or because Tenant vacates the Premises, then Tenant shall pay the
amount of such increase to Landlord.

         11.      FIRE AND CASUALTY DAMAGE.

         A.       If the Premises or the Building should be damaged or destroyed
by fire or other peril, Tenant immediately shall give written notice to
Landlord. If the Building should be totally destroyed or so damaged thereby
that, in Landlord's reasonable estimation, rebuilding or repairs cannot be
completed within the earlier of (i) one hundred eighty (180) days after
Landlord's receipt of substantially all insurance proceeds with respect to such
damage or (ii) two hundred and ten (210) days after such casualty, this Lease
shall terminate and the rent shall be abated during the unexpired portion of
this Lease, effective upon the date of the occurrence of such damage.

         B.       If the Building should be damaged by any peril which would be
covered by the insurance which Landlord is required to maintain under
Paragraph 10A above, and this Lease is not terminated pursuant to Paragraph 11A
above, Landlord shall restore the Premises to substantially its previous
condition, except that Landlord shall not be required to rebuild, repair or
replace any part of the partitions, fixtures, additions and other improvements
that may have been constructed, erected or installed in, or about the Premises
for the benefit of, or by or for Tenant. Effective upon the date of the
occurrence of such damage and ending upon substantial completion of Landlord's
restoration of the Premises, if the Premises are untenantable in whole or part
during such period, the rent shall be reduced to such extent as may be fair and
reasonable under all of the circumstances. If such repairs and rebuilding have
not been substantially completed within the earlier of (i) one hundred eighty
(180) days after the date of Landlord's receipt of substantially all insurance
proceeds (subject to Force Majeure Delays [hereinafter defined] and any delays
caused by Tenant or its employees, agents or contractors) or (ii) two hundred
and ten (210) days after such casualty (subject to Force Majeure Delays
[hereinafter defined] and any delays caused by Tenant or its employees, agents
or contractors), Tenant, as Tenant's exclusive remedy, may terminate this Lease
by delivering written notice of termination to Landlord at any time prior to
such substantial completion, in which event the rights and obligations hereunder
shall cease and terminate (except as expressly provided to the contrary herein).

         C.       Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (i) in no
event shall Landlord be required to expend a sum greater than the net insurance
proceeds actually received by Landlord with respect to the damage in question in
connection with Landlord's repair and restoration obligations hereunder, and
(ii) in the event the holder of any indebtedness secured by a mortgage or deed
of trust covering the Premises requires that the insurance proceeds be applied
to such indebtedness, then Landlord shall have the right to terminate this Lease
by delivering written notice of termination to Tenant within fifteen (15) days
after such requirement is made known by any such holder, whereupon all rights
and obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate (except as expressly
provided to the contrary herein).

         D.       Landlord and Tenant hereby waive and release each other (but
only to the extent of the insurance coverage required to be maintained by the
respective parties hereunder) of and from any and all rights of recovery, claim,
action or cause of action, against each other, their agents, officers and
employees, for any liability, loss or damage that may occur to the Premises,
improvements or the Building, or personal property (building contents) within
the Building and/or Premises as the result of any fire or other casualty
required to be insured against under this Lease. Each party to this Lease agrees
immediately after execution of this Lease to give each insurance company, which
has issued to it policies of fire and extended coverage insurance, written
notice of the terms of the mutual waivers contained in this subparagraph and to
have the insurance policies properly endorsed to reflect such waivers.

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       12

<PAGE>

         12.      LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION. EXCEPT FOR ANY CLAIMS, RIGHTS
OF RECOVERY AND CAUSES OF ACTION THAT TENANT HAS RELEASED, LANDLORD SHALL
INDEMNIFY, PROTECT, HOLD TENANT, ITS AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS AND ANY AFFILIATES OF THE ABOVEMENTIONED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY THE
"TENANT AFFILIATES") HARMLESS AND DEFEND TENANT AGAINST ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS,
SUITS, LOSSES, JUDGMENTS, ACTIONS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR LIABILITY (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COSTS, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, AND EXPENSES INCURRED
IN CONNECTION THEREWITH) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LOSS, INJURY OR DAMAGE TO ANY
PERSON IN, ON OR ABOUT THE PREMISES OR ANY PART THEREOF AND/OR THE BUILDING OF
WHICH THE PREMISES ARE A PART, WHEN SUCH LOSS, INJURY OR DAMAGE SHALL BE CAUSED
BY THE ACT, NEGLECT, FAULT, OR OMISSION OF ANY DUTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME BY
LANDLORD, ITS AGENTS, SERVANTS AND EMPLOYEES (EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE
INDEMNIFIED LOSS IS CAUSED BY TENANT'S NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL ACTS, IN WHICH
EVENT THIS INDEMNITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE ALLOCABLE SHARE OF SUCH LOSS
RESULTING FROM TENANT'S NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL ACTS). EXCEPT FOR ANY CLAIMS,
RIGHTS OF RECOVERY AND CAUSES OF ACTION THAT LANDLORD HAS RELEASED, TENANT SHALL
INDEMNIFY, PROTECT, HOLD HARMLESS AND DEFEND LANDLORD, ITS AGENTS, EMPLOYEES,
PARTNERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND ANY AFFILIATES OF THE ABOVEMENTIONED PARTIES
(COLLECTIVELY THE "LANDLORD AFFILIATES") FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL
OBLIGATIONS, SUITS, LOSSES, JUDGMENTS, ACTIONS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR LIABILITY
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COSTS, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, AND
EXPENSES INCURRED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LOSS, INJURY
OR DAMAGE (I) TO ANY PERSON OR PROPERTY WHATSOEVER OCCURRING IN, ON OR ABOUT THE
PREMISES OR ANY PART THEREOF AND/OR OF THE BUILDING OF WHICH THE PREMISES ARE A
PART, WHEN SUCH LOSS, INJURY OR DAMAGE SHALL BE CAUSED BY THE ACT, NEGLECT,
FAULT OF, OR OMISSION OF ANY DUTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME BY TENANT, ITS
AGENTS, SERVANTS, EMPLOYEES, OR INVITEES, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE INDEMNIFIED
LOSS IS CAUSED BY LANDLORD'S NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL ACTS, IN WHICH EVENT THIS
INDEMNITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE ALLOCABLE SHARE OF SUCH LOSS RESULTING FROM
LANDLORD'S NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL ACTS. IF ANY CLAIM IS MADE AGAINST LANDLORD
OR LANDLORD AFFILIATES OR TENANT OR TENANT AFFILIATES, WHICH IS SUBJECT TO
INDEMNIFICATION PROTECTION HEREUNDER, THE INDEMNIFYING PARTY, AT ITS SOLE COST
AND EXPENSE, SHALL DEFEND ANY SUCH CLAIM, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BY OR THROUGH
ATTORNEYS REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE INDEMNITEE. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
PARAGRAPH 12 SHALL SURVIVE THE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF THIS LEASE WITH
RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS OR LIABILITY OCCURRING PRIOR TO SUCH EXPIRATION OR
TERMINATION.

         13.      USE.

         A.       The Premises shall be used only for the purpose of receiving,
storing, shipping and selling (other than retail) products, materials and
merchandise made and/or distributed by Tenant, and for such other lawful
purposes as may be incidental thereto (the "Permitted Use"). Tenant acknowledges
that it does not intend to use the Premises to serve the public. Outside storage
is prohibited without Landlord's prior written consent. Tenant shall comply with
the requirements of all deed restrictions, restrictive covenants and other
covenants, conditions and restrictions affecting the Building and/or the Land.
Landlord agrees it will not cause or, to the extent within Landlord's reasonable
control, permit, any matter to be filed of record subsequent to the date hereof
which would interfere with the Permitted Use, or otherwise materially change
Tenant's obligations hereunder. Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to not permit any persistent, objectionable or unpleasant odors, smoke, dust,
gas, noise or vibrations to emanate from the Premises, nor take any other action
that would constitute a nuisance or would unreasonably interfere with, or
endanger Landlord or any other tenants of the Building.

         B.       During the Term, Landlord shall, at its sole cost and expense
(and not subject to reimbursement by Tenant), comply with all laws, statutes,
ordinances, orders, rules regulations, directives and requirements of, and the
provisions of all licenses, permits (special or otherwise), approvals and
certificates issued by, all federal, state, county and city governments,
departments, bureaus, boards, agencies, offices, commissions and other
subdivisions thereof, or of any official thereof, or of any other governmental,
public or quasi-public authority, whether now or hereafter in force (including,
without limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act ("ADA")) (collectively

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       13
<PAGE>

"Governmental Requirements"), in each case to the extent applicable to the
Project or that may require structural or nonstructural modifications to be
performed either inside or outside of the Premises (but subject to Tenant's
obligations specified below in this Paragraph 13B). During the Term, Tenant
shall, at its sole cost and expense comply with all Governmental Requirements,
in each case to the extent applicable to the Project or that may require
structural or nonstructural modifications to be performed either inside or
outside of the Premises if such Governmental Requirements apply by reason of the
Tenant's use of the Premises or the Common Area. Landlord hereby represents and
warrants that, as of the Commencement Date, the Building, Land and Premises and
the related real estate shall fully comply with all Governmental Requirements
existing on the Commencement Date.

         14.      INSPECTION. Landlord and Landlord's agents and representatives
shall have the right to enter the Premises at any time, upon prior reasonable
notice, to (i) inspect the Premises, (ii) make such repairs as may be required
or permitted pursuant to this Lease, and (iii) show the Premises to prospective
purchasers of, or parties who are anticipated to provide financing with respect
to, the Building. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall have the right
to enter the Premises at any time, without notice to Tenant, in case of an
emergency posing a threat to persons or property. During the period that is six
(6) months prior to the end of the Lease Term, upon telephonic notice to Tenant,
Landlord and Landlord's representatives may enter the Premises during business
hours for the purpose of showing the Premises. In addition, Landlord shall have
the right to erect a suitable sign on the Premises stating the Premises are
available. Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing at least thirty (30) days
prior to vacating the Premises and shall arrange to meet with Landlord for a
joint inspection of the Premises prior to vacating. If Tenant fails to give such
notice or to arrange for such inspection, then Landlord's inspection of the
Premises shall be deemed correct for the purpose of determining Tenant's
responsibility for repairs and restoration of the Premises.

         15.      ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

         A.       Tenant shall not assign (either voluntarily, nor permit
assignment by operation of law), sublet, transfer or encumber this Lease, or any
interest therein, without the prior written consent of Landlord, not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any attempted assignment, subletting, transfer
or encumbrance by Tenant in violation of the terms and covenants of this
Paragraph shall be void. In the event Tenant desires to sublet the Premises, or
any portion thereof, or assign this Lease, Tenant shall give written notice
thereof to Landlord at least thirty (30) days prior to the proposed commencement
date of such subletting or assignment, which notice shall set forth the name of
the proposed sublessee or assignee, the relevant terms of any sublease or
assignment and copies of financial reports and other relevant financial
information of the proposed sublessee or assignee.

         B.       Tenant may assign this Lease or sublease the Premises, without
Landlord's consent and without being subject to Paragraph 15C or Paragraph 15D
below, to any corporation or limited partnership or limited liability company
which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Tenant, or to
any corporation resulting from the merger of or consolidation with Tenant
("Tenant's Affiliate"). In such case, any Tenant's Affiliate shall assume in
writing all of Tenant's obligations under this Lease.

         C.       In addition to, but not in limitation of, Landlord's right to
approve of any sublessee or assignee, Landlord shall have the option, in the
event of any proposed subletting or assignment, to terminate this Lease, or in
case of a proposed subletting of less than the entire Premises, to recapture the
portion of the Premises to be sublet, as of the date the subletting or
assignment is to be effective. The option shall be exercised, if at all, by
Landlord giving Tenant written notice thereof within thirty (30) days following
Landlord's receipt of Tenant's written notice as required above. If this Lease
shall be terminated with respect to the entire Premises pursuant to this
Paragraph, the Term of this Lease shall end on the date stated in Tenant's
notice as the effective date of the sublease or assignment as if that date had
been originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term hereof;
provided, however, that effective on such date Tenant shall pay Landlord all
amounts, as estimated by Landlord, payable by Tenant to such date with respect
to taxes, insurance, repairs, maintenance, restoration and other obligations,
costs or charges which are the responsibility of Tenant hereunder. Further, upon
any such cancellation Landlord and Tenant shall have no further obligations or
liabilities to each other under this Lease, except with respect to obligations
or liabilities which have accrued hereunder as of such cancellation date (in the
same manner as if such cancellation date were the date originally fixed in this
Lease for the expiration of the Term hereof) and except for those obligations
and liabilities which, by the express terms of this Lease, are to survive any
expiration or termination hereof. If Landlord recaptures only a portion of the
Premises under this Paragraph, the Base Rent during the unexpired Term hereof
shall abate proportionately based on the rent per square foot contained in this
Lease as of the date immediately prior to such recapture.

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       14
<PAGE>

         D.       Upon the occurrence of an assignment or subletting, whether or
not consented to by Landlord, or mandated by judicial intervention, Tenant
hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to Landlord fifty percent (50%) of all
rents or other sums received or receivable by Tenant under any such assignment
or sublease, which are in excess of the rents and other sums payable by Tenant
under this Lease (or in case of a sublease, which are in excess of the rents and
other sums payable by Tenant with respect to the portion of the Premises that is
subleased); provided that before Landlord is entitled to participation in such
excess, Tenant shall be entitled to recover from the excess reasonable costs and
expenses directly incurred by Tenant in connection with the execution and
performance of such assignment or sublease, including real estate broker's
commissions, commercially reasonable legal fees and costs of renovation or
construction of tenant improvements required under such assignment or sublease.
Tenant agrees to pay such amounts required to be paid to Landlord hereunder
within fifteen (15) days after receipt by Tenant.

         E.       If this Lease is assigned to any person or entity pursuant to
the provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section __ 101
et. seq. (the "Bankruptcy Code"), any and all monies or other consideration
payable or otherwise to be delivered in connection with such assignment shall be
paid or delivered to Landlord, shall be and remain the exclusive property of
Landlord and shall not constitute property of Tenant or of the estate of Tenant
within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code. Any and all monies or other
considerations constituting Landlord's property under the preceding sentence not
paid or delivered to Landlord shall be held in trust for the benefit of Landlord
and be promptly paid or delivered to Landlord. Any person or entity to which
this Lease is assigned pursuant to the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, shall
be deemed, without further act or deed, to have assumed all of the obligations
arising under this Lease on and after the date of such assignment. Any such
assignee shall upon demand execute and deliver to Landlord an instrument
confirming such assumption.

         F.       Any assignee of Tenant's interest in this Lease, by accepting
any such assignment, shall be deemed to have assumed Tenant's obligations
hereunder arising from and after the effective date of the assignment. No
assignment, subletting or other transfer, whether consented to by Landlord or
not or permitted hereunder, shall relieve Tenant of its liability hereunder. If
an Event of Default occurs while the Premises or any part thereof are sublet,
then Landlord, in addition to any other remedies herein provided, or provided by
law, may collect directly from the sublessee all rents payable by the sublessee
to Tenant under the sublease and apply such rent against any sums due Landlord
hereunder. No such collection shall be construed to constitute a novation or a
release of Tenant from the further performance of Tenant's obligations
hereunder.

         16.      CONDEMNATION. If any portion of the Premises is taken for any
public or quasi-public use by right of eminent domain or private purchase in
lieu thereof (a "Taking"), and, as a result thereof, Tenant is unable to conduct
its business operations in the Premises in a manner reasonably comparable to
that conducted before the Taking, then either party may terminate this Lease by
delivering to the other written notice thereof within 30 days after the Taking,
in which case rent shall be abated during the unexpired portion of the Term,
effective on the date of such Taking. All compensation awarded for any Taking
shall be the property of Landlord and Tenant assigns any interest it may have in
any such award to Landlord; however, Landlord shall have no interest in any
award made to Tenant for loss of business or goodwill or for tenant improvements
paid for by Tenant and not paid for by the Leasehold Improvement Allowance (as
defined in Exhibit C) the taking of Tenant's trade fixtures or Tenant's moving
expenses, if a separate award for such items is made to Tenant. If a Taking
occurs and this Lease is not terminated as provided in this Paragraph 16, then
(i) Landlord shall restore, as soon as reasonably practical under the
circumstances, the Premises to substantially the same condition as it existed
before the Taking to the extent reasonably practicable; however, Landlord's
obligation to so restore the Premises shall be limited to the award Landlord
receives in respect of such Taking, and (ii) the rent payable hereunder during
the unexpired portion of this Lease shall be reduced to such extent as may be
fair and reasonable under all of the circumstances.

         17.      HOLDING OVER. At the termination of this Lease by its
expiration or otherwise, Tenant immediately shall deliver possession of the
Premises to Landlord with all repairs and maintenance required herein to be
performed by Tenant completed. If, for any reason, Tenant retains possession of
the Premises or any part thereof after such termination, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord all damages sustained by Landlord resulting from retention of
possession by Tenant, including without limitation the loss of any proposed
subsequent tenant for any portion of the Premises. However, Landlord may, at its
option, serve written notice upon Tenant that such holding over constitutes
either (i) the creation of a month to month tenancy, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Lease, or (ii) creation of a tenancy at sufferance,
in any case upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Lease; provided,
however, that the monthly rental (or daily rental under (ii)) shall, in addition
to all other sums which are to be paid by Tenant hereunder, whether or not as
additional rent, be equal to 150% of the rental being paid monthly to Landlord
under this Lease immediately prior to such termination (prorated in the case of
(ii) on the basis of a 365 day year for each day Tenant remains in possession).
If no such

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       15
<PAGE>

notice is served, then a tenancy at sufferance shall be deemed to be created at
the rent in the preceding sentence. No holding over by Tenant, whether with or
without consent of Landlord, shall operate to extend this Lease except as
otherwise expressly provided. The preceding provisions of this Paragraph 17
shall not be construed as consent for Tenant to retain possession of the
Premises in the absence of written consent thereto by Landlord.

         18.      QUIET ENJOYMENT. Landlord has the authority to enter into this
Lease and so long as Tenant pays all amounts due hereunder and performs all
other covenants and agreements herein set forth, Tenant shall peaceably and
quietly have, hold and enjoy the Premises for the Term hereof without hindrance
from Landlord subject to the terms and provisions of this Lease. If this Lease
is a sublease, then Tenant agrees to take the Premises subject to the provisions
of the prior leases.

         19.      EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The following events (herein individually
referred to as an "Event of Default") each shall be deemed to be an event of
default by Tenant under this Lease:

         A.       Tenant shall fail to pay any installment of the Base Rent
herein reserved when due, or any other payment or reimbursement to Landlord
required herein when due, and such failure shall continue for a period of five
(5) business days after Tenant's receipt of written notice that such payment was
due; provided that if Tenant fails to pay Base Rent or any Additional Rent on
time more than two (2) times in any twelve (12) month period, an Event of
Default shall occur notwithstanding that such payments have been made within the
applicable cure period.

         B.       The Tenant or any guarantor of the Tenant's obligations
hereunder shall: (i) become insolvent; (ii) admit in writing its inability to
pay its debts; (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;
(iv) commence any case, proceeding or other action seeking to have an order for
relief entered on its behalf as a debtor or to adjudicate it a bankrupt or
insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation,
dissolution or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking
appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it
or for all or of any substantial part of its property; or (v) take any action to
authorize or in contemplation of any of the actions set forth above in this
Paragraph.

         C.       Any case, proceeding or other action against the Tenant or any
guarantor of the Tenant's obligations hereunder shall be commenced seeking: (i)
to have an order for relief entered against it as debtor or to adjudicate it a
bankrupt or insolvent; (ii) reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,
liquidation, dissolution or composition of it or its debts under any law
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors; (iii)
appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it
or for all or any substantial part of its property, and such case, proceeding or
other action (a) results in the entry of an order for relief against it which is
not fully stayed within seven (7) business days after the entry thereof or (b)
shall remain un-dismissed for a period of forty-five (45) days.

         D.       Tenant shall vacate, desert, or abandon all or a substantial
portion of the Premises without giving Landlord at least thirty (30) days
advance written notice, whether or not Tenant is in default in payment of the
rental payments due under this Lease.

         E.       Tenant shall fail to discharge any lien placed upon the
Premises in violation of Paragraph 22 hereof within thirty (30) days after any
such lien or encumbrance is filed against the Premises.

         F.       Tenant shall fail to comply with any term, provision or
covenant of this Lease (other than those listed above in this Paragraph 19), and
shall not cure such failure within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof
to Tenant (or if the failure cannot be corrected, through the exercise of
reasonable diligence, within such thirty (30) day period, if Tenant does not
commence to correct same within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter
diligently prosecute same to completion).

         G.       Tenant, its bankruptcy trustee, or any entity authorized by
court order to act on behalf of Tenant, shall reject this Lease under 11 U.S.C.
sec. 365(a) or any other provision of Title 11 of the United States Code, or the
deemed rejection of this Lease by operation of law under 11 U.S.C. sec.
365(d)(4). Any such rejection of this Lease terminates this Lease, without
notice of any kind to Tenant, effective on the later of: (1) the date Tenant
vacates the Premises following such rejection; (2) the date the Bankruptcy Court
with jurisdiction over Tenant's bankruptcy case enters an order on its docket
authorizing Tenant to reject this Lease; or (3) the date this Lease is deemed
rejected under 11 U.S.C. sec. 365(d)(4).

         20.      REMEDIES.

         A.       Upon each occurrence of an Event of Default, Landlord shall
have the option to pursue,

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       16
<PAGE>

without any notice or demand, any one or more of the following remedies and/or
any other remedies to which Landlord is entitled at law or in equity:

                  (1)      Terminate this Lease, in which event Tenant shall
immediately surrender the Premises to Landlord. If Tenant fails to do so,
Landlord may, without any further notice and without prejudice to any other
remedy Landlord may have for possession or arrearages in rental, enter upon and
take possession of the Premises and remove Tenant and its effects, in a
commercially reasonable manner, without being liable for prosecution or any
claim for damages therefor, and Tenant shall indemnify Landlord for all loss and
damage which Landlord may suffer by reason of such termination, whether through
inability to relet the Premises or otherwise, including any loss of rental for
the remainder of the Term.

                  (2)      If the Event of Default relates to nonpayment of Base
Rent or any other monetary sum due hereunder, or the desertion, vacation or
abandonment of the Premises, terminate this Lease, in which event Tenant's
default shall be deemed a total and entire breach of Tenant's obligations under
this Lease and Tenant immediately shall become liable for damages in an amount
equal to the excess of (i) the total rental for the remainder of the Term,
discounted at the Prime Rate (hereinafter defined) to the then present value,
together with all other expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with
Tenant's default, all sums due pursuant to Paragraph 20B below, and the unpaid
rental due as of the date of termination, over (ii) the fair market rental value
of the Premises for the balance of the Term, discounted at the Prime Rate to the
then present value. For the purposes of clause (i) above, the components of
monthly rent (other than Base Rent) for the remainder of the Term shall be
deemed to be equal to the respective monthly amounts thereof as were due and
payable during the month in which the Lease was terminated. It is acknowledged,
intended and agreed that the amounts which Landlord is entitled to recover under
this Paragraph 20A(2) constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty for
Tenant's defaults related to nonpayment of rental, or the desertion, vacation or
abandonment of the Premises. Such amounts constitute the parties' best, good
faith, and reasonable estimate of the damages which would be suffered by
Landlord in the event any such default occurs, the exact amount of such damages
being difficult or impractical to calculate.

                  (3)      Enter upon and take possession of the Premises as
Tenant's agent without terminating this Lease and without being liable for
prosecution or any claim for damages therefor, and Landlord may relet the
Premises as Tenant's agent and receive the rental therefor, in which event
Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand all sums due pursuant to Paragraph 20B
below, together with any deficiency that may arise by reason of such reletting.

                  (4)      Do whatever Tenant is obligated to do under this
Lease and enter the Premises, without being liable for prosecution or any claim
for damages therefor, to accomplish such purpose. Tenant shall reimburse
Landlord immediately upon demand for any expenses which Landlord incurs in thus
effecting compliance with this Lease on Tenant's behalf, together with interest
thereon at the Prime Rate (hereinafter defined) plus 2% from the date Landlord
incurs the expense in question until Landlord is reimbursed therefor.

                  (5)      Without notice, alter the locks and any other
security device or devices which allow Tenant access to the Premises or the
Building, and Landlord shall not be required to provide a new key or right of
access to Tenant, and restrict or terminate any right to use parking facilities
associated with the Building as well as utility services to the Premises. This
Paragraph 20A(5) is intended to and shall supersede the provisions of Section
93.002 of the Texas Property Code.

         B.       Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, in addition to any
other sum provided to be paid herein, Tenant also shall be liable for and shall
pay to Landlord: (i) brokers' fees incurred by Landlord in connection with
reletting the whole or any part of the Premises; (ii) the costs of removing and
storing Tenant's or other occupant's property; (iii) the costs of repairing,
altering, remodeling or otherwise putting the Premises into condition acceptable
to a new tenant or tenants to the extent commercially reasonable; (iv) all
reasonable expenses incurred in marketing the Premises and (v) all reasonable
expenses incurred by Landlord in enforcing or defending Landlord's rights and/or
remedies. If either party hereto institutes any action or proceeding to enforce
any provision hereof by reason of any alleged breach of any provision of this
Lease, the prevailing party shall be entitled to receive from the losing party
all reasonable attorneys' fees and all court costs in connection with such
proceeding.

         C.       In the event Tenant fails to make any payment due hereunder
within ten (10) days after payment is due, to help defray the additional cost to
Landlord for processing such late payments, Tenant shall pay to Landlord on
demand a late charge in an amount equal to five percent (5%) of such payment;
and the failure to pay such amount within five (5) days after demand therefor
shall be an additional Event of Default hereunder. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Tenant shall be entitled to two (2) late payments

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       17
<PAGE>

during any twelve (12) month period without application of said late charge. The
provision for such late charge shall be in addition to all of Landlord's other
rights and remedies hereunder or at law and shall not be construed as liquidated
damages or as limiting Landlord's remedies in any manner.

         D.       Exercise by Landlord of any one or more remedies hereunder
granted or otherwise available shall not be deemed to be an acceptance of
surrender of the Premises by Landlord, whether by agreement or by operation of
law, it being understood that such surrender can be effected only by the written
agreement of Landlord and Tenant. Tenant and Landlord further agree that
forbearance by Landlord to enforce its rights pursuant to this Lease, at law or
in equity, shall not be a waiver of Landlord's right to enforce one or more of
its rights in connection with that or any subsequent default.

         E.       The term "Prime Rate" as used herein shall mean the per annum
"prime rate" of interest as published, on the date on which this Lease is
terminated in accordance with this Paragraph 20, by The Wall Street Journal,
Southwest Edition, in its listing of "Money Rates," or if The Wall Street
Journal is not published on the date on which this Lease is terminated, then the
"prime rate" of interest as published in The Wall Street Journal on the most
recent date prior to the date on which this Lease is so terminated.

         F.       If Landlord fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder
within thirty (30) days after written notice from Tenant specifying in detail
such failure (or if the failure cannot be corrected, through the exercise of
reasonable diligence, within such thirty (30) day period, if Landlord does not
commence to correct same within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter
diligently prosecute same to completion), Tenant's sole and exclusive remedy
shall be an action for actual (excluding consequential and punitive) damages.
Unless and until Landlord fails to so cure any default after such notice, Tenant
shall not have any remedy or cause of action by reason thereof. All obligations
of Landlord hereunder will be construed as covenants, not conditions; and all
such obligations will be binding upon Landlord only during the period of its
possession of the Premises and not thereafter. The term "Landlord" shall mean
only the owner, for the time being of the Premises, and in the event of the
transfer by such owner of its interest in the Premises, such owner shall
thereupon be released and discharged from all covenants and obligations of the
Landlord thereafter accruing, but such covenants and obligations shall be
binding during the Lease Term upon each new owner for the duration of such
owner's ownership. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Landlord shall
not have any personal liability hereunder. In the event of any breach or default
by Landlord of any term or provision of this Lease, Tenant agrees to look solely
to the equity or interest then owned by Landlord in the Premises or of the
Building of which the Premises are a part. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
Tenant obtains a judgment against Landlord for a breach of this Section 20(F)
and Landlord fails to pay such judgment within 30 days after its receipt of
notice that the judgment has become final, then Tenant shall be entitled to
offset against the Base Rent payable under this Lease the amount of such
judgment.

         G.       If Landlord repossesses the Premises pursuant to the authority
herein granted, then Landlord shall have the right to (i) keep in place and use
or (ii) remove and store, all of the furniture, fixtures and equipment at the
Premises, including that which is owned by or leased to Tenant at all times
prior to any foreclosure thereon by Landlord or repossession thereof by any
lessor thereof or third party having a lien thereon. Landlord also shall have
the right to relinquish possession of all or any portion of such furniture,
fixtures, equipment and other property to any person ("Claimant") who presents
to Landlord a copy of any instrument represented by Claimant to have been
executed by Tenant (or any predecessor of Tenant) granting Claimant the right
under various circumstances to take possession of such furniture, fixtures,
equipment or other property, without the necessity on the part of Landlord to
inquire into the authenticity or legality of said instrument. The rights of
Landlord herein stated shall be in addition to any and all other rights that
Landlord has or may hereafter have at law or in equity; and Tenant stipulates
and agrees that the rights herein granted Landlord are commercially reasonable.

         H.       Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, all
amounts payable by Tenant to or on behalf of Landlord under this Lease, whether
or not expressly denominated as rent, shall constitute rent.

         I.       This is a contract under which applicable law excuses Landlord
from accepting performance from (or rendering performance to) any person or
entity other than Tenant.

         21.      MORTGAGES. Tenant accepts this Lease subject and subordinate
to any mortgages and/or deeds of trust now or at any time hereafter constituting
a lien or charge upon the Premises or the improvements situated thereon or the
Building; provided, however, that Landlord agrees to obtain and deliver to
Tenant a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement ("SNDA") in
substantially the form of EXHIBIT "E" attached hereto and made a part hereof, or
other form reasonably acceptable to Landlord and Tenant, executed by any current
mortgagee with respect to the Building, within thirty (30) days following
receipt by Landlord of Tenant's written request given at any time following the
date

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       18
<PAGE>

hereof. Tenant agrees to enter into the SNDA with such mortgagee promptly upon
Landlord's request therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the mortgagee,
trustee, or holder of any such mortgage or deed of trust elects to have Tenant's
interest in this Lease superior to any such instrument, then by notice to Tenant
from such mortgagee, trustee or holder, this Lease shall be deemed superior to
such lien, whether this Lease was executed before or after said mortgage or deed
of trust. Tenant, at any time hereafter, within ten (10) business days after
receipt of written demand, shall execute any commercially reasonable SNDA that
may be required by any future mortgagee or beneficiary under a mortgage or deed
of trust hereafter placed upon the Building, for the purpose of subjecting and
subordinating this Lease to the lien of any such mortgage or deed of trust,
provided Tenant's rights under this Lease are not disturbed pursuant to the
terms thereof. If any future mortgagee or beneficiary under a mortgage or deed
of trust hereafter placed upon the Building desires to subordinate its mortgage
or deed of trust to this Lease, Tenant agrees that it shall promptly execute
such instruments as may be reasonably required by such mortgagee or beneficiary
in order to effect such subordination.

         22.      MECHANIC'S LIENS. Tenant has no authority, express or implied,
to create or place any lien or encumbrance of any kind or nature whatsoever
upon, or in any manner to bind, the interest of Landlord or Tenant in the
Premises or to charge the rentals payable hereunder for any claim in favor of
any person dealing with Tenant, including those who may furnish materials or
perform labor for any construction or repairs. Tenant covenants and agrees that
it will pay or cause to be paid all sums legally due and payable by it on
account of any labor performed or materials furnished in connection with any
work performed on the Premises and that it will save and hold Landlord harmless
from any and all loss, cost or expense based on or arising out of asserted
claims or liens against the leasehold estate or against the right, title and
interest of the Landlord in the Premises or under the terms of this Lease.
Tenant agrees to give Landlord prompt written notice of the placing of any lien
or encumbrance against the Premises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth in this Lease, in the event that such lien is not released and removed
within thirty (30) days after the date notice of such lien is delivered by
Landlord to Tenant, Landlord, at its sole option, may immediately take all
action necessary to release and remove such lien, without any duty to
investigate the validity thereof, and all sums, costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, incurred by Landlord in connection with
such lien shall be deemed additional rent -under this Lease and shall
immediately be due and payable by Tenant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any
mechanics' or materialmen's lien ("M&M Lien") is ever asserted or placed against
or attaches to the Premises or any portion thereof as a result of any act or
omission of Tenant or its agents, then in lieu of paying the claim relating to
such M&M Lien Tenant shall have the right to contest the assertion, placement or
attachment of such M&M Lien so long as (i) prior to any such contest (and no
later than thirty (30) days after such lien has been filed) Tenant at its sole
expense provides to Landlord a bond indemnifying against such M&M Lien that
complies with applicable laws and removes the M&M Lien, and (ii) Tenant contests
such M&M Lien diligently and in good faith; provided, however, the foregoing
right of Tenant to contest any such M&M Lien shall not impair or otherwise
affect Tenant's indemnification obligations with respect to such M&M Lien. If
any lien is asserted against the Premises due to acts of Landlord or its agents
or contractors, Tenant shall not be obligated to remove such lien (it being
agreed that the removal of such lien shall be Landlord's obligation).

         23.      HAZARDOUS MATERIALS. Tenant shall never incorporate into, or
dispose of, at, in or under the Premises, the Building or the Land, any toxic or
hazardous materials (as defined hereafter). Tenant further agrees not to use at,
place in, or store at the Premises any toxic or hazardous materials, except for
those toxic or hazardous materials that are either (a) office supplies, (b)
kitchen cleaning materials that are generally considered to be a household
cleaner and are purchased in a container not larger than one (1) gallon or (c)
other materials or products lawfully used in the ordinary course of Tenant's
business (e.g., fuel, rubbing alcohol, and other products related to
pharmaceutical distribution) and then only if (i) all such toxic or hazardous
materials, supplies and materials are properly labeled and contained, (ii) all
such toxic or hazardous materials are stored, handled, transported and disposed
of in accordance with accepted industry standards and all applicable laws, rules
and regulations, and (iii) if a material safety data sheet is required under
applicable laws to accompany the toxic or hazardous materials, supplies or
materials, a copy of such current material safety data sheet is provided to
Landlord. For purposes of this Lease, "toxic or hazardous materials" shall mean
hazardous or toxic chemicals or any materials containing hazardous or toxic
chemicals at levels or content which cause such materials to be classified as
hazardous or toxic as then prescribed by the industry standards or by the then
current levels or content as set from time to time by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency ("EPA") or the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health
Administration ("OSHA") or as defined under 29 CFR 1910 or 29 CFR 1925 or other
applicable governmental laws, rules or regulations. In the event there is a
spill of toxic or hazardous materials (other than permitted office supplies and
kitchen cleaning supplies) at the Premises, or, if caused by Tenant or persons
acting under Tenant, the Building or the Land, Tenant shall notify Landlord of
the method, time and procedure for any cleanup and removal of such toxic or
hazardous materials; and, Landlord shall have the right to require reasonable
changes in such method, time or procedure. In the event there is a spill of a
toxic or hazardous material that comes from office

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       19
<PAGE>

supplies in the Premises, Tenant shall notify Landlord if the spill would in any
way endanger or pose a threat to Tenant's employees, Building maintenance or
custodial personnel, other Building tenants or the general public. In the event
of any breach of this provision by Tenant or any contamination of the Premises,
the Building or the Land, by Tenant, Tenant shall pay all costs for the removal
or abatement or cleanup of any toxic or hazardous materials at the Premises, the
Building and the Land. If any lender or governmental agency shall ever require
testing to ascertain whether or not there has been any release of hazardous
materials caused by Tenant and/or Tenant's invitees, then the reasonable costs
thereof shall be reimbursed by Tenant to Landlord upon demand as additional
charges if such requirement applies to the Premises. In addition, Tenant shall
execute affidavits, representations and the like from time to time at Landlord's
request concerning Tenant's best knowledge and belief regarding the presence of
toxic or hazardous materials on the Premises. In all events, Tenant shall
indemnify Landlord in the manner elsewhere provided in this Lease from any
release of toxic or hazardous materials on the Premises occurring while Tenant
is in possession or elsewhere if caused by Tenant or persons acting under
Tenant. This Paragraph 23A shall survive the expiration or any termination of
this Lease.

         24.      INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

         25.      NOTICES AND RENT PAYMENTS. Each provision of this instrument
or of any applicable governmental laws, ordinances, regulations and other
requirements with reference to the sending, mailing or delivering of notice or
the making of any payment by Landlord to Tenant, or with reference to the
sending, mailing or delivering of any notice or the making of any payment by
Tenant to Landlord, shall be deemed to be complied with when and if the
following steps are taken:

         A.       All rent and other payments required to be made by Tenant to
Landlord hereunder shall be payable to Landlord c/o Hillwood Investment
Properties, Three Lincoln Centre, 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 800, Dallas, TX 75240,
or at such other address as Landlord may specify from time to time by written
notice delivered in accordance herewith. Tenant's obligation to pay rent and any
other amounts to Landlord under the terms of this Lease shall not be deemed
satisfied until such rent and other amounts have been actually received by
Landlord. In addition to Base Rent due hereunder, all sums of money and all
payments due Landlord hereunder shall be deemed to be additional rental owed to
Landlord.

         B.       All payments required to be made by Landlord to Tenant
hereunder shall be payable to Tenant at the address of the Premises set forth in
the Basic Lease Information, or at such other address within the continental
United States as Tenant may specify from time to time by written notice
delivered in accordance herewith.

         C.       All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be served on the parties at the addresses set forth in the
Basic Lease Information. Any such notices shall be either (a) sent by overnight
delivery using a nationally recognized overnight courier, in which case notice
shall be deemed delivered one business day after deposit with such courier, (b)
sent by telefax, in which case notice shall be deemed delivered upon
transmission of such notice provided that an original of such facsimile is also
sent to the addressee by means described in clauses (a) or (c), or (c) sent by
personal delivery, in which case notice shall be deemed delivered upon receipt
or refusal of delivery. A party's address may be changed by written notice to
the other party; provided, however, that no notice of a change of address shall
be effective until actual receipt of such notice. Copies of notices are for
informational purposes only, and a failure to give or receive copies of any
notice shall not be deemed a failure to give notice. Notices given by counsel to
Landlord shall be deemed given by Landlord and notices given by counsel to
Tenant shall be deemed given by Tenant.

         26.      MISCELLANEOUS.

         A.       Words of any gender used in this Lease shall be held and
construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular number shall be
held to include the plural, unless the context otherwise requires. The captions
inserted in this Lease are for convenience only and in no way define, limit or
otherwise describe the scope or intent of this Lease, or any provision hereof,
or in any way affect the interpretation of this Lease.

         B.       The terms, provisions and covenants contained in this Lease
shall run with the land and shall apply to, inure to the benefit of, and be
binding upon, the parties hereto and upon their respective heirs, executors,
personal representatives, legal representatives, successors and assigns, except
as otherwise herein expressly provided. Landlord shall have the right to
transfer and assign, in whole or in part, its rights and obligations in the
Building and property that are the subject of this Lease. Upon any Landlord's
conveyance of the Building or the Land, and the assignment of its rights under
this Lease, to another party ("Successor"), such Landlord shall be released from
its obligations hereunder and the Successor shall become the "Landlord"
hereunder from and after the date of any such conveyance and

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       20
<PAGE>

assignment and shall thereafter have all of the rights and obligations of the
Landlord hereunder, in accordance with the terms hereof, during the period of
its ownership of the Building. Each party agrees to furnish to the other,
promptly upon demand, a corporate resolution, proof of due authorization by
partners, or other appropriate documentation evidencing the due authorization of
such party to enter into this Lease.

         C.       Landlord shall not be held responsible for delays in the
performance of its obligations hereunder when caused by material shortages,
weather, acts of God, labor disputes or other causes beyond the reasonable
control of Landlord (collectively, the "Force Majeure Delays").

         D.       Tenant agrees, from time to time, within ten (10) days after
request by Landlord, to deliver to Landlord or Landlord's designee, a
certificate of occupancy, financial statements and an estoppel certificate
stating (1) that this Lease is in full force and effect, (2) the date to which
rent is paid, (3) that there is no default on the part of Landlord or Tenant
under this Lease, (4) that Tenant does not have any right of offset, claims or
defenses to the performance of its obligations under this Lease, and (5) such
other factual matters pertaining to this Lease as may be requested by Landlord.
Tenant hereby irrevocably appoints Landlord as attorney-in-fact for the Tenant
with full power and authority to execute and deliver in the name of Tenant such
estoppel certificate if Tenant fails to deliver the same within such ten (10)
day period and such certificate as signed by Landlord or Landlord's designee, as
the case may be, shall be fully binding on Tenant, unless Tenant fails to
deliver a contrary certificate within five (5) days after receipt by Tenant of a
copy of the certificate executed by Landlord or Landlord's designee, as the case
may be, on behalf of Tenant.

         E.       This Lease constitutes the entire understanding and agreement
of the Landlord and Tenant with respect to the subject matter of this Lease, and
contains all of the covenants and agreements of Landlord and Tenant with respect
thereto. Landlord and Tenant each acknowledge that no representations,
inducements, promises or agreements, oral or written, have been made by Landlord
or Tenant, or anyone acting on behalf of Landlord or Tenant, which are not
contained herein, and any prior agreements, promises, negotiations, or
representations not expressly set forth in this Lease are of no force or effect.
The foregoing Basic Lease Information is incorporated into and made a part of
this Lease. If any conflict exists between any Basic Lease Information and the
Lease, then the Lease shall control. This Lease may not be altered, changed or
amended except by an instrument in writing signed by both parties hereto.

         F.       All obligations of Tenant hereunder not fully performed as of
the expiration or earlier termination of the Term of this Lease shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of the Term hereof, including without
limitation, all payment obligations with respect to taxes and insurance and all
obligations concerning the condition and repair of the Premises. Upon the
expiration or earlier termination of the Term hereof, and prior to Tenant
vacating the Premises, Tenant shall pay to Landlord any amount reasonably
estimated by Landlord as necessary to put the Premises, including without
limitation, all heating and air conditioning systems and equipment thereon, in
good condition and repair, reasonable wear and tear excluded. Tenant shall also,
prior to vacating the Premises, pay to Landlord the amount, as estimated by
Landlord, of Tenant's obligation hereunder for real estate taxes and insurance
premiums, common area maintenance, utility and other charges for the year in
which the Lease expires or terminates. All such amounts shall be used and held
by Landlord for payment of such obligations of Tenant hereunder, with Tenant
being liable for any additional costs therefor upon demand by Landlord, or with
any excess to be returned to Tenant after all such obligations have been
determined and satisfied as the case may be. Any security deposit held by
Landlord shall be credited against the amounts due from Tenant under this
Paragraph 26F.

         G.       If any clause or provision of this Lease is illegal, invalid
or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during the Term of this
Lease, then and in that event, it is the intention of the parties hereto that
the remainder of this Lease shall not be affected thereby, and it is also the
intention of the parties to this Lease that in lieu of each clause or provision
of this Lease that is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, there be added, as a
part of this Lease, a clause or provision as similar in terms to such illegal,
invalid or unenforceable clause or provision as may be possible and be legal,
valid and enforceable.

         H.       All references in this Lease to "the date hereof" or similar
references shall be deemed to refer to the last date, in point of time, on which
all parties hereto have executed this Lease.

         I.       When this Lease is signed by and delivered to both Landlord
and Tenant, Landlord shall pay a real estate commission to Landlord's Broker
named in the Basic Lease Information as provided in the written agreement
between Landlord and Landlord's Broker. When this Lease is signed by and
delivered to both Landlord and Tenant, Landlord shall also pay a real estate
commission to Tenant's

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       21
<PAGE>

Broker named in the Basic Lease Information as provided in the written agreement
between Landlord and Tenant's Broker. Landlord and Tenant each warrant that they
have dealt with no other real estate brokers in connection with this transaction
except those specified in the Basic Lease Information. Each party agrees to
indemnify and hold the other party harmless from and against any claims by any
other broker, agent or other persons claiming a commission or other form of
compensation by virtue of having dealt with the indemnifying party other than
those specified in the Basic Lease Information with regard to this leasing
transaction.

         J.       If and when included within the term "Landlord", as used in
this instrument, there is more than one person, firm or corporation, all shall
jointly arrange among themselves for their joint execution of a notice
specifying some individual at some specific address for the receipt of notices
and payments to Landlord. If and when included within the term "Tenant", as used
in this instrument, there is more than one person, firm or corporation, all
shall jointly arrange among themselves for their joint execution of a notice
specifying some individual at some specific address within the continental
United States for the receipt of notices and payments to Tenant. All parties
included within the terms "Landlord" and "Tenant", respectively, shall be bound
by notices given in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 25 hereof to the
same effect as if each had received such notice.

         K.       By taking possession of the Premises, Tenant shall be deemed
to have: (a) acknowledged that the Premises and the improvements to be
constructed pursuant to EXHIBIT "C" attached hereto are substantially complete
except for "punch list" items (if any) and are accepted "as is" and "with all
faults"; (b) accepted the Premises as suitable for the purposes for which the
Premises are leased; and (c) acknowledged that the Premises are in a good and
satisfactory condition. Landlord expressly disclaims, and Tenant hereby waives
to the full extent permitted by law, any implied warranty that the Premises or
the Building are suitable for Tenant's intended commercial purpose, and any and
all other implied warranties (whether arising by virtue of statute, case law or
otherwise). The foregoing shall not be construed to relieve Landlord from its
obligations which are expressly set forth in this Lease.

         L.       Submission of this Lease shall not be deemed to be a
reservation of the Premises. Landlord shall not be bound hereby until its
delivery to Tenant of an executed copy hereof signed by Landlord, already having
been signed by Tenant, and until such delivery Landlord reserves the right to
exhibit and lease the Premises to other prospective tenants. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, Landlord may withhold delivery or
possession of the Premises from Tenant until such time as Tenant has paid to
Landlord the security deposit required by Paragraph 2B hereof.

         M.       Landlord and Tenant agree that the terms and conditions of
this Lease are confidential and the parties hereto agree not to disclose the
terms of this Lease to any third party (other than to its attorneys and
accountants and other than to parties who propose to purchase or finance the
Building, or the Project, or who propose to become investors in Landlord) except
as may be required by law or by the order of a court of competent jurisdiction.

         N.       Tenant agrees that Landlord or an affiliate of Landlord may
include Tenant's name and logo in marketing literature for the Project, and
other developments owned and/or operated by Landlord or an affiliate of
Landlord, for the limited purpose of informing third parties that Tenant is
occupying the Project or the larger development of which the Project is a part.

         27.      RENEWAL OPTION. Provided that Tenant is not in material
default of any of the terms, covenants and conditions hereof beyond the
expiration of applicable notice and cure periods set forth herein, and the
Premises (or a part thereof) has not been sublet, without written consent from
Landlord, Tenant will have the right and option to extend the original Lease
Term for one (1) further term of three (3) years. Such extension of the original
Lease Term shall be on the same terms, covenants and conditions as provided for
in the original Lease Term except for this Paragraph 27 and except that the
rental rate specified in Paragraph 2A of this Lease during the extended term
shall be at the fair market rental in effect at the beginning of the extended
term on equivalent properties, of equivalent size, in equivalent areas ("Fair
Market Rent"). Tenant will deliver written notice to Landlord of Tenant's intent
to exercise the renewal option granted herein not more than twelve (12) months
nor less than nine (9) months prior to the expiration of the original Lease
Term. In the event Tenant fails to deliver such written notice within the time
period set forth above, Tenant's right to extend the term hereunder shall expire
and be of no further force and effect. In the event Landlord and Tenant fail to
agree in writing upon the Fair Market Rent within thirty (30) days after
exercise by Tenant of the renewal option, the renewal option will be null and
void.

         28.      EARLY OCCUPANCY. Subject to governmental approval, Landlord
shall allow, on such terms and conditions established by Landlord in its sole
and absolute discretion, Tenant to occupy a portion of the Premises
approximately forty-five (45) days prior to the Commencement Date, provided

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       22
<PAGE>

that such early occupancy: (i) shall be for the sole purpose of installing
racking and other furniture, fixtures and equipment; (ii) shall not interfere
with the construction of the Premises; and (iii) shall be subject to all of the
terms and conditions of this Lease (including, but not limited to, Tenant's
indemnification obligations and Tenant's obligations to carry insurance) other
than the payment of Base Rent and other monthly charges the payment of which
shall commence as provided herein. During the early-occupancy period, Tenant
will be responsible for providing and paying for its own utility services (e.g.,
gas, electric, water and telephone) for its activities and for providing
security for any of its property located on the Project. DURING TENANT'S EARLY
OCCUPANCY AS PROVIDED IN THIS PARAGRAPH 28, TENANT ASSUMES ALL RISK OF DAMAGE TO
AND THEFT OF PROPERTY AND INJURY TO PERSONS, IN, ON, OR ABOUT THE PREMISES FROM
ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND AGREES THAT LANDLORD AND THE LANDLORD AFFILIATES SHALL
NOT BE LIABLE FOR, AND ARE HEREBY RELEASED FROM ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR, ANY
DAMAGE TO OR THEFT OF PROPERTY OR INJURY TO PERSONS, WHICH DAMAGE, THEFT OR
INJURY IS SUFFERED BY TENANT OR BY OTHER PERSONS CLAIMING THROUGH TENANT.

         29.      RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER. If at any time during the Term Landlord
desires to lease the space identified on Exhibit "G" (the "First Offer Space"),
then (provided that Tenant is not in default hereunder beyond the expiration of
any applicable grace period) Landlord will give Tenant written notice of the
terms on which Landlord would be willing to lease the First Offer Space ("First
Offer Notice"). Tenant will have a period of five (5) business days after
receipt of such First Offer Notice within which to give Landlord written notice
of Tenant's election to lease the subject space upon the same terms and
provisions specified in the First Offer Notice. If Tenant so elects to accept
the offer, Tenant will have a period of three (3) business days after receipt
from Landlord of an amendment to this Lease incorporating the terms of the First
Offer Notice into this Lease, within which to execute such amendment. The form
of amendment submitted by Landlord shall include the business points relating to
the First Offer Space, but shall not change the other provisions of the Lease
generally applicable to the Premises separately from said business points. In
the event that Tenant fails to respond to the First Offer Notice or fails to
execute a lease amendment as provided above, then Landlord will have the right
to enter into a lease with any third party upon the same terms and conditions
submitted in the First Offer Notice; provided that if Landlord fails to enter
into any such lease with any third party within ninety (90) days following the
date of the First Offer Notice, Landlord must again comply with the requirements
of this Paragraph 29. If Landlord enters into a lease with any third party as
provided above, then the Tenant's rights under this Paragraph 29 shall
terminate.

         30.      EARLY TERMINATION RIGHT.

         Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease as to all of the
Premises, which termination shall become effective (at Tenant's election) on the
last day of the 68th month of the Term ("Termination Date"), provided that (i)
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the applicable
Termination Date and (ii) Tenant delivers to Landlord a written notice of
termination ("Termination Notice") on or before the last day of the 12th month
prior to the applicable Termination Date. The Termination Notice shall include a
payment to Landlord in the sum of $255,000 ("Termination Payment").

         31.      FIRE SPRINKLER SYSTEM. The fire sprinkler system within the
Premises shall be sufficient to service the Premises with at least a four hour
fire wall between tenants within the Building with no openings unprotected from
penetrations. Neither the Premises, the Building (as a whole) nor any single
tenant shall have any space that would exceed the current standards for fire
sprinklers as established by the National Fire Protection Association and
Industrial Risk Insurers. The fire sprinkler system shall be in service at all
times. Landlord agrees to notify Tenant (i) promptly of any inadvertent shut
down of the sprinkler system and (ii) at least one business day in advance of
any planned shutdown.

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       23
<PAGE>

EXECUTED BY LANDLORD, this ____ day of August, 2003.

                                    HILLWOOD METRO NO. 10, L.P.,
                                    a Texas limited partnership

                                    By: Hillwood Operating, L.P.,
                                        a Texas limited partnership,
                                        its general partner

                                        By: Hillwood Development Company, LLC,
                                            a Texas limited liability company,
                                            its sole general partner

                                            By: /s/ Dewitt T. Hicks III
                                                Dewitt T. Hicks III
                                                Executive Vice President

                                    LCS LAND PARTNERS II, LTD.,
                                    a Texas limited partnership

                                    By: Hillwood Operating, L.P.,
                                        a Texas limited partnership,
                                        its general partner

                                        By: Hillwood Development Company, LLC,
                                            a Texas limited liability company,
                                            its sole general partner

                                            By: /s/ Dewitt T. Hicks III
                                                Dewitt T. Hicks III
                                                Executive Vice President

EXECUTED BY TENANT, this ____ day of August, 2003.

                                    D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.,
                                    a Delaware corporation

                                        By: /s/ Thomas S. Hilton
                                            Name: Thomas S. Hilton
                                            Title: Senior Vice President and CFO

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       24
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                                PROJECT SITE PLAN

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       25
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "B"

                         PROJECT LAND LEGAL DESCRIPTION

BEING 14.39 acres of land situated in the Joseph Turner Survey, Abstract No.
1251, Town of Flower Mound, Denton County, Texas, and being all of Lot 13, Block
A out of an 81.083 acre tract of land conveyed to LCS Land Partners II, Ltd. and
Hillwood Metro No. 10, L.P., as recorded in Cabinet U, Page 554 of the Plat
Records of Denton County, Texas (P.R.D.C.T.), said 14.39 acre tract of land
being more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows:

BEGINNING at a 5/8-inch found iron rod with cap stamped "GORRONDONA & ASSOC.
INC." for the northeast corner of said 81.083 acre tract;

THENCE South 00 degrees 52 minutes 50 seconds East, along the east line of said
81.083 acre tract, a distance of 580.03 feet to a 1/2-inch set iron rod with
yellow plastic cap stamped "HALFF ASSOC. INC." (hereinafter referred to as "with
cap") for corner on the north right of way line of Enterprise Road (a 60 foot
dedicated right of way) as recorded in Cabinet U, Page 484 of the P.R.D.C.T.

THENCE South 89 degrees 26 minutes 36 seconds West, departing said east line and
along said north right of way line, a distance of 1,090.00 feet to a 1/2-inch
set iron rod with cap for corner;

THENCE North 00 degrees 33 minutes 24 seconds West, departing said north right
of way line, a distance of 572.03 feet to a 1/2-inch set iron rod with cap for
corner on the north line of said 81.083 acre tract;

THENCE North 89 degrees 01 minute 18 seconds East, along the north line of said
81.083 acre tract, a distance of 1,086.75 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING
containing 626,932 square feet or 14.39 acres, more or less.

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       26
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "C"

                                   WORK LETTER
                                   (Allowance)

         (a)      Tenant has participated, and will continue to participate in
preliminary space-planning meetings with Landlord and Landlord's architect, and
will submit all of its requirements for improvements to the Premises desired by
Tenant (the "Leasehold Improvements") to Landlord by July 25, 2003, which
Leasehold Improvements must conform to the Tenant Improvements Outline
Specifications attached hereto as EXHIBIT "C-1". Landlord will cause its
architect to prepare and submit plans and specifications for the Leasehold
Improvements (the "Leasehold Improvement Plans") to Tenant not later than three
(3) days thereafter. Tenant shall have one (1) day after receipt to approve the
Leasehold Improvement Plans or to give comments to Landlord, approval of Tenant
hereunder not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If Tenant makes such
comments, Landlord shall have three (3) days to revise the Leasehold Improvement
Plans and resubmit them to Tenant. Tenant shall have one (1) day after receipt
of the resubmitted Leasehold Improvement Plans to approve the Leasehold
Improvement Plans, and this process of preparation, submittal and review shall
continue until such plans are approved, provided however that the parties will
cooperate with all due diligence to cause the Leasehold Improvement Plans to be
completed and mutually approved on or before August 1, 2003. The Leasehold
Improvement Plans must comply with (i) the Town of Flower Mound Fire and
Building Codes, (ii) State of Texas Accessibility Standards, (iii) Americans
with Disability Act legislation, (iv) all other laws, codes and governmental
regulations applicable thereto, and (v) be of quality similar to other Class A
office/warehouse buildings in the vicinity. All changes in the Leasehold
Improvements must receive the prior written approval of Landlord, not to be
unreasonably withheld (provided, however, Landlord may in its sole discretion
disapprove any proposed change in the Leasehold Improvements which would alter
the footprint of the building, materially change or deviate from the building
design criteria, materially increase the amount of office space, impair the
structural integrity of the building, or alter the general character of the
building as a warehouse/distribution facility), pursuant to a written change
order executed by Landlord and Tenant. If Tenant proposes a change order,
Landlord agrees to advise Tenant within 10 days after Tenant's request, of the
cost of implementing the change order and the number of days of Tenant Delay (if
any) that Landlord anticipates will result as a consequence of implementing the
change order. If Tenant fails to approve such change order within five (5) days
after Landlord's delivery of cost and completion time estimates, Tenant shall be
deemed to have withdrawn the proposed change. All improvements and alterations
resulting from changes to the Leasehold Improvements which are implemented
pursuant to the foregoing provisions shall be removed by Tenant at its expense
at or prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease (or termination of
Tenant's right of possession), in the manner provided for the removal of
alterations under the Lease, if Landlord requires in writing (at the time of
approving such changes) that removal is required. The amount of delay due to a
change order requested by Tenant shall equal the actual number of days of delay
resulting from such change. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
constitute Landlord's consent to, or Landlord's agreement that it will approve,
any change order proposed by Tenant. If Landlord approves a change order
requested by Tenant (the "Approved Change Order"), Tenant shall be responsible
for all expenses in connection with the change order (including the cost of
prosecuting the change order and revising the Leasehold Improvement Plans) as
provided above.

         (b)      When the Leasehold Improvement Plans have been approved,
Landlord agrees to bid the Leasehold Improvement Plans to at least three (3)
subcontractors in each major trade. Landlord and the general contractor will
select the subcontractors with Tenant's reasonable input. Tenant will have ten
(10) days from submittal by Landlord to approve the Leasehold Improvement
construction cost bid. There will be no construction management fee charged to
Tenant by Landlord. The costs of the Leasehold Improvements to be constructed in
accordance with the Leasehold Improvement Plans is referred to as the "Leasehold
Improvement Work Costs". Landlord will be responsible and will pay for all
Leasehold Improvement Work Costs up to Seven Hundred Twenty-One Thousand Eight
Hundred Forty-Nine and No/100 Dollars ($721,849.00) (the "Leasehold Improvement
Allowance"), and Tenant will be responsible and will pay for all Leasehold
Improvement Work Costs in excess of the Leasehold Improvement Allowance, such
excess cost being referred to as "Tenant's Cost". Tenant will pay one-half of
Tenant's Cost to Landlord within five (5) days after the general contractor bid
costs have been mutually approved by Landlord and Tenant, and one-half within
five (5) days following the date of substantial completion of the Leasehold
Improvements. Tenant shall be permitted to apply no more than $5,000 of the
Leasehold Improvement Allowance to the architectural and engineering fees
associated with the Leasehold Improvement Plans. Tenant will be responsible for
any architectural and engineering fees in excess of $5,000.00.

         (c)      Landlord will use reasonable diligence to substantially
complete the Leasehold Improvements by October 1, 2003 (the "Estimated
Completion Date"). If the Commencement Date has

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       27
<PAGE>

not occurred by the Estimated Completion Date (which Estimated Completion Date
shall be extended by one day for each day constituting a Tenant Delay
[hereinafter defined] or Force Majeure Delay [as defined in the Lease]), then
Tenant shall be entitled to receive, as liquidated damages and its sole and
exclusive remedy, two days of free base rent for each day that shall elapse
between the Estimated Completion Date and the Commencement Date. Landlord will
have no obligation to "fast track" any work, but may do so at its option. Any
increased costs resulting from any "fast-tracking" will be paid by Landlord. As
used herein, the term "Substantial Completion Date" of the Improvements will
mean the date that such improvements have been completed in accordance with the
Leasehold Improvement Plans, except for punch list items. The Substantial
Completion Date shall be conclusively evidenced by issuance of a temporary
certificate of occupancy or other documentation allowing Tenant to lawfully
occupy the Premises. If the Substantial Completion Date has not occurred by
November 1, 2003 (which date shall be extended by one day for each day of Force
Majeure Delay and/or Tenant Delay), the Commencement Date shall be adjusted to
March 1, 2004. When the Leasehold Improvements have been substantially
completed, Landlord will notify Tenant in writing. Within ten (10) days
thereafter, Tenant will submit to Landlord in writing a punch list of items
needing completion or correction. Landlord will use its reasonable diligence to
complete such items within thirty (30) days after the receipt of such notice. If
Tenant, its employees, agents or contractors cause construction to be delayed,
the Commencement Date will be the date that substantial completion would have
occurred if such delays ("Tenant Delays") had not taken place. Tenant Delays
include, but are not limited to, delays resulting from any of the following:

                  (i)      Failure of Tenant or its architects, engineers, space
planners or others employed by Tenant to timely and reasonably comply with the
schedule for preparation of the Leasehold Improvement Plans specified in
paragraph (b) above;

                  (ii)     Changes made by Tenant either before or during
construction of the Improvements if the changes result in the Improvements being
substantially completed later than they would have been substantially completed
absent such changes;

                  (iii)    Landlord's inability to obtain, or delay in
obtaining, a building permit, final Building Inspection Report or other required
governmental approval, inspection, license or certificate or any necessary
approval of any architectural control committee or other association required
under covenants, conditions or restrictions applicable to the Building, and such
inability is due to Tenant's failure to reasonably cooperate in the approval
process (including Tenant's failure to agree in a timely manner to make changes
to the Leasehold Improvement Plans, if and as required by such authorities);

                  (iv)     Failure of Tenant to fully execute the Lease on or
before August 1, 2003;

                  (v)      Failure of Tenant to fully and finally approve the
Leasehold Improvement Plans on or before August 1, 2003; and

                  (vi)     Failure of Tenant to approve the Leasehold
Improvement construction cost bid within ten (10) days from submittal by
Landlord.

         (e)      If the Commencement Date established in accordance with this
EXHIBIT "C" occurs later than the Estimated Completion Date, Landlord will not
be in default and Tenant will accept the Premises upon issuance of the aforesaid
temporary certificate of occupancy.

         (f)      Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, all
dates and time periods for Landlord's performance under this will be subject to
extension for the period of any Tenant Delays and Force Majeure Delays.

         (g)      All Improvements will be owned by Landlord and will remain on
the Land at the expiration or early termination of this Lease.

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       28
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT "C-1"

                   TENANT IMPROVEMENTS OUTLINE SPECIFICATIONS

- -        5,348 SF Office

- -        4hr firewall between tenants within the building with no openings
         unprotected from penetrations (painted white)

- -        A/C warehouse including R-19 insulation

- -        Insulate 10 each existing dock doors

- -        25fc of metal halide warehouse lighting based on an un-racked facility

- -        9 each 25,000# mechanical dock levelers and dock seals

- -        4 each swing arm dock lights

- -        800 amp electrical service

- -        8 each 20 amp disconnects for battery chargers

- -        5 each quad electrical outlets and data junction boxes at dock doors

- -        1 each exterior disconnect for compactor

- -        Wiring of existing fans and louvers

- -        Burglar bars on existing fans, louvers, and clerestories

- -        Upper and lower cabinets in mail room

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       29
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "D"

Date

[Tenant]

Re:      Lease Agreement dated _______________ between [Landlord] and [Tenant]
         Property Located at _________________________________________

Dear ______________:

Enclosed, please find a copy of the Temporary Certificate of Occupancy for the
facility listed above. This letter will serve to document our agreement
regarding certain terms of the lease for the referenced premises:

         a.       The Commencement Date is ____________________.

         b.       The Premises contain __________ square feet of area.

         c.       The Building contains __________ square feet of area.

         d.       Tenant's Proportionate Share is __________%.

Your agreement to these terms will be understood unless you notify me otherwise.

For your convenience, I have enclosed a rent schedule, which shows when your
rental payments are due. We do not send out monthly invoices. All rental
payments are due by the 1st of each month and should be made payable to Landlord
c/o Hillwood Investment Properties.

Please mail your payments to the following address:

                  Hillwood Investment Properties
                  Three Lincoln Centre
                  5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 800
                  Dallas, TX 75240

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (972) 450-9100.
I look forward to working with you. Welcome to your new facility!

Sincerely,

Enclosures

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       30
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "E"

                                      SNDA

                          SUBORDINATION, ATTORNMENT AND
                            NON-DISTURBANCE AGREEMENT

STATE OF ____________________)

COUNTY OF ___________________)

         THIS SUBORDINATION, ATTORNMENT, AND NON-DISTURBANCE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is made and entered into as of the ____ day of _________, 2002, by
and between ____________________________ ("Tenant"), and _________________
("Lender").

                                R E C I T A L S:

         Tenant is the present tenant under that certain Lease Agreement dated
_________________, ____ (hereinafter the "Lease"), with respect to an
approximately ________ square feet of floor space located on the parcel of real
property more particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a
part hereof. The premises demised to Tenant under the Lease, as more
particularly described therein, are referred to herein as the "Premises."

         ___________________________________, as the landlord under the Lease
(the "Landlord"), has obtained a loan from Lender, which is secured by a first
Deed of Trust and Security Agreement covering the Premises and an Assignment of
Rents and Leases which collaterally assign to Lender all leases relating
thereto. Said Deed of Trust and Security Agreement and Assignment of Rents and
Leases, as the same may hereafter be amended, increased, renewed, extended,
spread, consolidated, severed, restated, or otherwise changed from time to time
(the consent of Tenant to which shall not be required), are referred to herein
as the "Security Instruments." As a condition to making such loan, Lender has
required that Tenant execute this instrument. The Deed of Trust and the
Assignment of Rents and Leases are recorded at___________________, of the Real
Property Records of ______________ County, ______________.

                                A G R E E M E N T

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
hereinafter set forth, and as an inducement to Lender to extend financing to the
Landlord, the parties hereto do mutually covenant and agree as follows:

         1.       SUBORDINATION. The Lease shall at all times be subject and
subordinate in all respects to the Security Instruments, the lien and security
interest imposed by the Security Instruments, and all advances made under the
Security Instruments.

         2.       LENDER'S RIGHT TO CURE. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the Lease or this Agreement, Tenant shall give prompt written notice
to Lender of any default or breach by Landlord under the Lease that are of such
a nature as to give Tenant a right to terminate the Lease, to reduce rent, or to
credit or offset any amounts against future rents. After Lender receives such
notice, Lender shall have a period of sixty (60) days beyond the time available
to Landlord under the Lease in which to cure the breach or default by Landlord.
Lender shall have no obligation to cure (and shall have no liability or
obligation for not curing) any breach or default by Landlord.

         3.       NON-DISTURBANCE. So long as Tenant is not in default in the
payment of rent, additional rent, or other charges or conditions of the Lease,
Tenant shall not be disturbed by Lender in Tenant's possession, enjoyment, use,
and occupancy of the Premises during the original or any renewal term of the
Lease or any extension or modification thereof.

         4.       PAYMENT OF RENTS TO LENDER. Upon Lender's written request and
without regard to contrary instructions from Landlord, Tenant agrees that it
will make the payments to be made by Tenant under the Lease directly to Lender.
Prior to the time that Lender shall succeed to the interest of Landlord in the
Premises as described in Section 5 below, receipt of such payments by Lender
shall not relieve

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       31
<PAGE>

Landlord of its obligations under the Lease nor operate to make Lender
responsible for the performance thereof, and Tenant shall continue to look
solely to Landlord for performance of such obligations.

         5.       ATTORNMENT. If the interest of Landlord in the Premises shall
be acquired by Lender or any other successor landlord through foreclosure, deed
in lieu of foreclosure, or by any other method, and Lender shall succeed to the
interest of Landlord under the Lease, then the Lease shall continue in full
force and effect and shall not be terminated or disturbed except in accordance
with the terms thereof. Tenant shall thereupon be bound to Lender, and Lender
shall be bound to Tenant, under all the terms, covenants, and conditions of the
Lease for the balance of the term thereof remaining, and any extensions or
renewals thereof, with the same force and effect as if Lender was the original
landlord under the Lease. Tenant does hereby attorn to Lender as its landlord,
said attornment to be effective and self-operative without the execution of any
additional documents by the parties hereto immediately upon Lender's succeeding
to the interest of Landlord under the Lease.

         6.       PROTECTION OF LENDER. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the Lease or the Security Instruments, Lender shall not be liable for or
bound by any of the following matters:

         (a)      except for any default or breach of which Lender has been
                  notified pursuant to Section 2 hereof but has failed to cure,
                  any default or breach in the Landlord's obligations under the
                  Lease occurring prior to the time Lender succeeds to the
                  interest of Landlord in the Premises;

         (b)      any payment of rent (including fixed rent, percentage rent, or
                  additional rent) that Tenant might have made to Landlord more
                  than thirty (30) days before the date such rent was first due
                  and payable under the Lease with respect to any period after
                  the time Lender succeeds to the interest of Landlord in the
                  Premises;

         (c)      any deposit or security which was delivered to Landlord but
                  which was not subsequently delivered to Lender;

         (d)      any modification or amendment to the Lease, or any waiver of
                  any terms of the Lease, made without Lender's prior written
                  consent as required by the Security Instruments;

         (e)      any consensual or negotiated surrender, cancellation, or
                  termination of the Lease, in whole or in part, agreed upon
                  between Landlord and Tenant, made without Lender's prior
                  written consent as required by the Security Instruments; or

         (f)      any obligation of Landlord under the Lease to make, pay for,
                  or reimburse Tenant for any construction, alterations,
                  demolition, or other improvements or work at the
                  ______________, including the Premises (other than day-to-day
                  maintenance and repairs).

         (g)      Neither (Lender) nor any other party who from time to time
                  shall be included in the definition of Lender hereunder, shall
                  have any liability or responsibility under or pursuant to the
                  terms of this Agreement after it ceases to own an interest in
                  the Premises. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
                  require Lender to see to the application of the proceeds of
                  the loan, and Lessee's agreements set forth herein shall not
                  be impaired on account of any modification of the documents
                  evidencing and securing the loan. Lessee acknowledges that
                  Lender is obligated only to Borrower to make the loan only
                  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
                  Security Instruments between Lender and Borrower pertaining to
                  the loan. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that neither
                  Lender nor any purchaser of the Premises at foreclosure sale
                  or any grantee of the Premises named in a deed-in-lieu of
                  foreclosure, nor any heir, legal representative, successor, or
                  assignee of Lender or any such purchaser or grantee, has or
                  shall have any personal liability for the obligations of
                  Tenant under the Lease; provided, however, that the Lessee may
                  exercise any other right or remedy provided thereby or by law
                  in the event of any failure by Tenant to perform any such
                  material obligation.

         7.       NOTICES. All notices, demands, or requests, and responses
thereto, required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be
in writing and shall be given or served by the United States mail, postage
prepaid and certified with return receipt requested, or by a nationally
recognized overnight courier service, addressed as follows:

                  If to Lender:

                  ___________________________

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       32
<PAGE>

                  ___________________________
                  ___________________________
                  ___________________________
                  ___________________________

                  If to Tenant:

                  ___________________________
                  ___________________________
                  ___________________________
                  ___________________________

or at such other single address in the United States as either party may by
notice in writing designate. Any notice shall be effective the next business day
after being sent by overnight courier service and five (5) business days after
being sent by certified mail (return receipt requested).

         8.       SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall bind and benefit
the parties, their successors and assigns. If Lender assigns the Security
Instruments, then upon delivery to Tenant of written notice thereof accompanied
by the assignee's written assumption of all obligations under this Agreement,
all liability of the assignor shall terminate.

         9.       ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between Lender and Tenant regarding the subordination of the Lease to
the Security Instruments and the rights and obligations of Tenant and Lender as
to the subject matter of this Agreement.

         10.      INTERACTION WITH LEASE WITH SECURITY INSTRUMENTS. If this
Agreement conflicts with the Lease, then this Agreement shall govern as between
Tenant and Lender, including upon any attornment pursuant to this Agreement.
This Agreement supersedes, and constitutes full compliance with, any provisions
in the Lease that provide for subordination of the Lease to, or for delivery of
nondisturbance agreements by the holder of, the Security Instruments. Lender
confirms that Lender has consented to Landlord's entering into the Lease.

         11.      INTERPRETATION; GOVERNING LAW. The interpretation, validity,
and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the
internal laws of the State of California.

         12.      AMENDMENTS. This Agreement may be amended, discharged, or
terminated, or any of its provisions waived, only by a written instrument
executed by the party to be charged.

         13.      EXECUTION. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

         14.      WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
CLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS) ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE LEASE, OR THE SECURITY INSTRUMENTS. TENANT
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF LENDER OR LENDER'S COUNSEL HAS
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF SUCH
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THIS WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISION.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement, or
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed, as of the day and year first
above written.

                                          TENANT:

                                          ______________________________________

                                          By:___________________________________
                                          Name:_________________________________
                                          Title:________________________________
                                          Date of execution:____________________

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       33
<PAGE>

                                          LENDER:

                                          ______________________________________

                                          By:___________________________________
                                          Name:_________________________________
                                          Title:________________________________
                                          Date of execution:____________________

STATE OF ________________________  )
COUNTY OF _______________________  )

         This instrument was acknowledged before me on _________________, ____
by ________________, __________________ of ________________ on behalf of
___________________________.

                                          ______________________________________
                                          Notary Public
                                          My commission expires:________________

[NOTARIAL SEAL]

STATE OF ________________________  )
COUNTY OF _______________________  )

         This instrument was acknowledged before me on _______________, ____ by
___________________________, on behalf of said association.

                                          ______________________________________
                                          Notary Public
                                          My commission expires:________________

[NOTARIAL SEAL]

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       34
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A
                                       TO
             SUBORDINATION, ATTORNMENT AND NON-DISTURBANCE AGREEMENT

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       35
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "F"

                              INTENTIONALLY DELETED

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       36
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "G"

                                FIRST OFFER SPACE

                                                          Initial: L_____ T_____

                                       37

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c79770exv13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2003 ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                               .
                                                                               .
                                                                               .

                                                                      EXHIBIT 13

REGISTRANT'S 2003 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Fiscal Year Ended
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------
Income Statement Data (1)                          June 30,       June 30,      June 30,      June 30,    June 30,
(in thousands, except share and per share data)      2003           2002          2001          2000        1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Net sales                                         $ 2,223,388   $ 2,453,748   $ 1,645,993   $ 1,458,047  $  815,319
Gross profit                                           90,699       102,831        68,824        56,422      41,536
Income from operations                                 36,387        46,339        26,946        22,299      14,842
Net income                                              9,686        21,059         9,144         8,199       6,625
Pro forma net income (2)                               15,140        21,059         9,144         8,199       6,625
Diluted earnings per share (3)                           0.65          1.42          1.01          0.92        0.79
Pro forma diluted earnings per share(2)(3)               1.03          1.42          1.01          0.92        0.79
Diluted common shares outstanding                  14,513,116    14,677,781     9,131,514     9,099,752   8,439,752
</TABLE>

Balance Sheet Data
(in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       June 30, 2003  June 30, 2002  June 30, 2001  June 30, 2000  June 30, 1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Current assets           $ 404,129      $ 413,914      $ 270,050      $ 237,494      $ 181,824
Working capital            215,639        182,636         97,533         93,556         28,525
Total assets               472,695        483,138        330,204        294,419        236,990
Long-term debt             110,423         81,457         94,489         99,647         40,449
Stockholders' equity       170,079        167,397         57,510         45,265         40,887
</TABLE>

(1)      Refer to page 2 of the Form 10-K for a description of significant
         company events that explain income statement and balance sheet trends.

(2)      In fiscal 2003, pro forma net income and pro forma diluted earnings per
         share exclude one-time charges for an accounting change related to the
         adoption of SFAS 142 (reduced diluted EPS by $0.30 and net income by
         $4,249) and the termination of the company's accounts receivable
         securitization program (reduced diluted EPA by $0.08 and net income by
         $1,205).

(3)      Adjusted to reflect 2-for-1 stock split effective April 12, 2002.

PRICE RANGE PER COMMON SHARE:

D&K Healthcare's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the
trading symbol "DKHR". Prior to July 1, 2003, D&K Healthcare's common stock was
traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol "DKWD". As of
September 19, 2003, there were approximately 4,600 shareholders based on the
number of record holders and an estimated number of beneficial holders of the
company's common stock. The following table sets forth the high and low sale
prices of D&K Healthcare common stock for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
2003                   Low       High
<S>                  <C>       <C>
First Quarter        $ 8.12    $ 34.81
Second Quarter         7.38      10.75
Third Quarter          8.25      10.56
Fourth Quarter        10.18      16.43
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
2002                   Low       High
<S>                  <C>       <C>
First Quarter        $ 17.78   $ 24.10
Second Quarter         21.43     29.63
Third Quarter          25.33     32.90
Fourth Quarter         27.40     39.50
</TABLE>

                                       46

<PAGE>

CORPORATE OFFICES:

D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
8235 Forsyth Boulevard
St. Louis, Missouri 63105
(888) 727-3485
(314) 727-3485
Fax: (314) 727-5759
web: www.dkhealthcare.com

TRANSFER AGENT REGISTRAR:

Computershare Investor Services LLC
2 North LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois   60602
(312) 588-4192
www.computershare.com/contactus

AUDITORS:

KPMG LLP
St. Louis, Missouri

COUNSEL:

Armstrong Teasdale LLP
St. Louis, Missouri

ANNUAL MEETING:

The annual meeting of stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m. Wednesday,
November 12, 2003, at the company's corporate office, 8235 Forsyth Boulevard,
9th Floor, St. Louis, Missouri.

                                       47


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c79770exv21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                               .
                                                                               .
                                                                               .

                                                                      EXHIBIT 21

                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       SUBSIDIARY NAME                        STATE OF INCORPORATION   % OWNED
       ---------------                        ----------------------   -------
<S>                                           <C>                      <C>
Associated Pharmacies, Inc. (inactive)             Arkansas              100%

VC Services, Inc.                                  Minnesota             100%

Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc.                        Arkansas              70%

Jaron, Inc.                                        Florida               100%

D & K Receivables Corporation                      Delaware              100%

Jewett Drug Co.                                    South Dakota          100%

Tykon, Inc.                                        Wisconsin             100%

Southwest Computer Systems, Inc. (inactive)        Arkansas              100%

U.P.C., Inc. (inactive)                            Minnesota             100%

Diversified Healthcare, LLC                        Kentucky              100%
</TABLE>

                                       48


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c79770exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF KPMG LLP
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

The Board of Directors
D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statements Nos.
333-67976 and 333-60146 on Form S-3, No. 333-64112 on Form S-3 MEF, and Nos.
333-98437, 333-50506, and 333-24263 on Form S-8 of D&K Healthcare Resources,
Inc. of our report dated August 6, 2003, with respect to the consolidated
balance sheet of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30,
2003 and 2002 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
financial statement schedule, which report appears in the June 30, 2003 annual
report on Form 10-K of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.

Our report dated August 6, 2003 contains an explanatory paragraph that states
that the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and
subsidiaries for the year ended June 30, 2001 were audited by other auditors who
have ceased operations. The Company declared a two-for-one stock split in the
form of a stock dividend during the year ending June 30, 2002, and the amounts
in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2001
relating to all share and per share amounts have been restated to retroactively
reflect this stock split. We audited the adjustments that were applied to
restate the share and per share amounts reflected in the June 30, 2001
consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, such adjustments are
appropriate and have been properly applied. However, we were not engaged to
audit, review, or apply any procedures to the June 30, 2001 consolidated
financial statements of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries other
than with respect to such adjustments and, accordingly, do not express an
opinion or any other form of assurance on the June 30, 2001 consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole.

Our report dated August 6, 2003 contains an explanatory paragraph that states
that the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and
subsidiaries for the year ended June 30, 2001 were audited by other auditors who
have ceased operations. These consolidated financial statements have been
revised to include the transitional disclosures required by Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,
which was adopted by the Company as of July 1, 2002. In our opinion, the
disclosures for the year ended June 30, 2001 in Note 3 are appropriate. However,
we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the June 30,
2001 consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and
subsidiaries other than with respect to such disclosures and, accordingly, we do
not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the June 30, 2001
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.

Our report dated August 6, 2003, contains an explanatory paragraph that states
that the consolidated financial statements of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and
subsidiaries for the year ended June 30, 2001 were audited by other auditors who
have ceased operations. The Company changed the composition of its reportable
segments during the year ended June 30, 2003, and the amounts in the June 30,
2001 consolidated financial statements relating to reportable segments have been
restated to conform to the June 30, 2003 composition of reportable segments. We
have audited the adjustments that were applied to restate the disclosures for
reportable segments reflected in the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial
statements. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been
properly applied. However, we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any
procedures to the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial statements of D&K
Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries other than with respect to such
adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of
assurance on the June 30, 2001 consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole.

/s/ KPMG LLP

St. Louis, Missouri

September 29, 2003

                                       49


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c79770exv23w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

We have not been able to obtain, after reasonable efforts, the written consent
from our former independent public accountant, Arthur Andersen LLP, to our
incorporation by reference on Form 10-K pertaining to D&K Healthcare Resources,
Inc. of their report dated August 7, 2001 with respect to the financial
statements and the supplemental schedule of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2001, as
required by Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Accordingly,
you will be unable to recover amounts sought in any action against Arthur
Andersen LLP, the former independent public accountant, pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933 and the regulations thereunder, and therefore any right
of recovery may be limited as a result of the lack of that consent.

                                       50


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c79770exv31w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION BY CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1

                      CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION

I, J. Hord Armstrong, III, certify that:

         1)       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the
                  registrant.;

         2)       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                  necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                  circumstances under which such statements were made, not
                  misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

         3)       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
                  financial information included in this report, fairly present
                  in all material respects the financial condition, results of
                  operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
                  the periods presented in this report;

         4)       The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
                  responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
                  controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
                  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have:

                  a)       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                           caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                           designed under our supervision, to ensure that
                           material information relating to the registrant,
                           including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                           known to us by others within those entities,
                           particularly during the period in which this
                           quarterly report is being prepared;

                  b)       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
                           disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
                           this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                           of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
                           end of the period covered by this report based on
                           such evaluation; and

                  c)       disclosed in this report any change in the
                           registrant's internal control over financial
                           reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
                           recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
                           quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
                           materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                           materially affect, the registrant's internal control
                           over financial reporting ; and

         5)       The registrant's other certifying officer and I have
                  disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                  control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                  and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors
                  (or persons performing the equivalent function):

                  a)       all significant deficiencies in the design or
                           operation of internal control over financial
                           reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
                           affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
                           summarize and report financial information; and

                  b)       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                           management or other employees who have a significant
                           role in the registrant's internal control over
                           financial reporting.

Date: September 29, 2003                          /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Title: Chairman of the Board and
                                                    Chief Executive Officer
                                                 (Principal Executive Officer)

                                       51


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c79770exv31w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION BY CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2

                      CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION

I, Thomas S. Hilton, certify that:

         1)       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the
                  registrant.;

         2)       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                  necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                  circumstances under which such statements were made, not
                  misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

         3)       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
                  financial information included in this report, fairly present
                  in all material respects the financial condition, results of
                  operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
                  the periods presented in this report;

         4)       The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
                  responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
                  controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
                  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have:

                  a)       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                           caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                           designed under our supervision, to ensure that
                           material information relating to the registrant,
                           including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                           known to us by others within those entities,
                           particularly during the period in which this
                           quarterly report is being prepared;

                  b)       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
                           disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
                           this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                           of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
                           end of the period covered by this report based on
                           such evaluation; and

                  c)       disclosed in this report any change in the
                           registrant's internal control over financial
                           reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
                           recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
                           quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
                           materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                           materially affect, the registrant's internal control
                           over financial reporting ; and

         5)       The registrant's other certifying officer and I have
                  disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                  control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                  and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors
                  (or persons performing the equivalent function):

                  a)       all significant deficiencies in the design or
                           operation of internal control over financial
                           reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
                           affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
                           summarize and report financial information; and

                  b)       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                           management or other employees who have a significant
                           role in the registrant's internal control over
                           financial reporting.

Date: September 29, 2003                             /s/ Thomas S. Hilton
                                                -------------------------------
                                               Title: Senior Vice President and
                                                    Chief Financial Officer
                                                 (Principal Financial Officer)

                                       52


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c79770exv32.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION OF CEO & CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 32

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
("Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2003, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), we
certify, to the best of our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

         1.       The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
                  13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

         2.       The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
                  all material respects, the financial condition and results of
                  operations of Company.

Dated: September 29, 2003

                               /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                               ---------------------------

                               J. Hord Armstrong, III
                               Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

                               /s/ Thomas S. Hilton
                               ---------------------------

                               Thomas S. Hilton
                               Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

A SIGNED ORIGINAL OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 HAS BEEN
PROVIDED TO THE COMPANY AND WILL BE RETAINED BY THE COMPANY AND FURNISHED TO THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.

THE FOREGOING CERTIFICATION IS BEING FURNISHED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION RELEASE NO. 34-47551 AND SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED FILED AS
PART OF THE FORM 10-K.

                                       53

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
