-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OrDiMHyK2uB88fRAw4H3EJDgzzwp4hMSRWyu9maQKl/6H2rrGQgjSKkwxpXD/0Zx
 ww9BxPPDcsz5SR7HEKKDyw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950137-04-007671.txt : 20040913
<SEC-HEADER>0000950137-04-007671.hdr.sgml : 20040913
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040913154517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-04-007671
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20040630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040913
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20040913

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888914
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				431465483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20348
		FILM NUMBER:		041027569

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8235 FORSYTH BLVD
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3147273485

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8235 FORSYTH BLVD
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	D & K WHOLESALE DRUG INC/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c88104e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004           Commission File Number 0-20348

                        D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               Delaware                                 43-1465483
   (State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
    incorporation or organization)

                   8235 Forsyth Boulevard, St. Louis, Missouri
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

                                      63105
                                   (Zip Code)

                                 (314) 727-3485
               Registrant's telephone number, including area code

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par
                   value $.01
                   Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights
                   (Title of Class)

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant: approximately $135,319,457 as of September 7, 2004.

      Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of September 07,
2004, 14,057,449 shares of Common Stock, par value $.01, were outstanding.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer. Yes [X]
No [ ]

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the following documents are incorporated by reference in the Part of
this report indicated below:

Part II - Registrant's 2004 Annual Report to Stockholders

Part III - Registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders

                                       1

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

GENERAL

      D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. is a full-service wholesale distributor of
branded and generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter healthcare and beauty
aid products. We serve three classes of customers:

      -     INDEPENDENT AND REGIONAL PHARMACIES: Located in 27 states primarily
            in the Midwest, Upper Midwest and South, these D&K customers
            generally operate single or multisite locations in one or more
            states.

      -     NATIONAL ACCOUNTS: D&K national account customers generally operate
            a large number of locations in multiple regions of the United
            States.

      -     OTHER HEALTHCARE PROVIDERS: These D&K customers include hospitals,
            alternate-site care providers and pharmacy benefit management
            companies located in our 27-state primary distribution territory.

      We serve our customers by distributing a broad range of products through
eight distribution facilities located in Missouri, Kentucky, Minnesota,
Arkansas, South Dakota and Texas. We also offer a number of proprietary
information systems, marketing programs and other business management solutions
to assist customers in operating and growing their businesses. In addition, D&K
owns a 70 % equity stake in Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. ("PBI"), an industry
leader in alternate site group purchasing services located in Broomfield, CO. In
June 2004, the Company reached agreement to acquire the remaining 30% interest
in PBI, and is expected to close this transaction by September 30, 2004.

      Sales to independent and regional pharmacies consist of branded
pharmaceuticals (approximately 89% of net sales in fiscal 2004), generic
pharmaceuticals (approximately 8% of net sales in fiscal 2004) and
over-the-counter health and beauty aid products (approximately 3% of net sales
in fiscal 2004). Our national accounts trade class sales are predominantly
branded pharmaceuticals.

      On December 5, 2003, the Company acquired 100 % of the outstanding common
stock of Walsh HealthCare Solutions, Inc. ("Walsh") of Texarkana, Texas. Walsh
is a full-service pharmaceutical distributor with distribution centers located
in San Antonio, Texas and Paragould, Arkansas.

      On March 13, 2002, we declared a two-for-one stock split in the form of a
stock dividend effective April 12, 2002. We have adjusted all share and per
share amounts in this report and in the consolidated financial statements to
retroactively reflect this stock split.

      On July 5, 2001, we completed a secondary stock offering of approximately
4.8 million shares of our common stock. We used the net proceeds of
approximately $77 million to repay debt.

      In July 2001, as part of the secondary stock offering, we increased our
ownership percentage in PBI to 68%, and in August 2001 we increased our
ownership another 2%. We increased our ownership by exchanging PBI stock for
shares of D&K common stock as provided for in the acquisition agreement for our
initial 50% ownership interest. We describe these transactions more fully in
Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.

      On June 15, 2001, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Diversified
Healthcare, LLC, a pharmaceutical distribution company based in Owensboro,
Kentucky that provides comprehensive pharmaceutical distribution services to
customers in the Midwest region.

      On June 1, 1999, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Jewett Drug
Co., a pharmaceutical distribution company based in Aberdeen, South Dakota that
provides comprehensive pharmaceutical distribution services to customers in the
Upper Midwest and Great Plains regions.

      We believe that our size, decentralized operating structure and high level
of customer service provide us with competitive advantages and position us to
benefit from trends impacting our industry. The national wholesale distributors
are growing in size and scale as they pursue a strategy to become primary
distributors to national pharmacies and other large healthcare providers. We
believe their approach creates opportunities for us to effectively compete with
them based on our business focus and differentiated service offering.

                                       2
<PAGE>

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

      Wholesale pharmaceutical distributors serve pharmacies and healthcare
providers as a single source for pharmaceutical and over-the-counter health and
beauty aid products from hundreds of different manufacturers. Wholesale
pharmaceutical distributors lower customer inventory costs, provide efficient
and timely product delivery, and provide valuable inventory and purchasing
information. Also, value-added programs developed by wholesale pharmaceutical
distributors, including packaging, stockless inventory and pharmacy computer
systems, help customers reduce costs and improve operating efficiencies.

      Wholesale pharmaceutical distributors are an important distribution
channel for pharmaceutical manufacturers, accounting for approximately 73% of
the $212.7 billion of prescription drug sales to retailers and institutions
during 2003. Wholesale pharmaceutical distribution industry sales increased from
$2.4 billion in 1970 to an estimated $155.2 billion in 2003, growth we expect to
continue. Several principal factors contribute to this historical and
anticipated growth:

      -     AGING POPULATION: The number of individuals in the United States
            over age 65 grew from approximately 12.3 million in 1950 to
            approximately 35 million in 2000; the U.S. Census Bureau projects it
            will increase to more than 70 million by the year 2030. This
            demographic group represents the largest percentage of new
            prescriptions filled and obtains more prescriptions per capita
            annually than any other age group.

      -     INCREASED PHARMACEUTICAL USE: In recent years, a number of factors
            have contributed to the growth in drug-based therapies to prevent
            and treat disease. These include increased research and development
            spending by manufacturers leading to new pharmaceutical
            introductions, the lower costs of drug-based therapy relative to
            surgery, and increased direct-to-consumer advertising by
            manufacturers.

      -     IMPORTANCE OF WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL: In response to the
            rising costs and complexity of inventory management and product
            distribution, pharmaceutical manufacturers are relying increasingly
            on wholesale distributors to fill these functions more efficiently.
            Over the past decade, as the cost and complexity of maintaining
            inventories and arranging for delivery of pharmaceutical products
            have risen, manufacturers of pharmaceuticals have significantly
            increased the distribution of their products through wholesalers.
            Drug wholesalers are generally able to offer their customers and
            suppliers more efficient distribution and inventory management than
            pharmaceutical manufacturers. As a result, from 1990 to 2003, the
            percentage of total pharmaceutical sales through wholesale
            distributors increased from approximately 57% to approximately 73%.

      -     RISING PHARMACEUTICAL PRICES. For more than a decade, the
            manufacturers' price increases for branded pharmaceuticals have met
            or exceeded the overall increases in the Consumer Price Index. We
            believe this trend will continue largely because the relatively
            inelastic demand for branded pharmaceuticals supports the higher
            prices charged for patented drugs as manufacturers attempt to recoup
            costs associated with developing, testing, and seeking U.S. Food and
            Drug Administration approval of new products. From 1990 to 2003, the
            average retail price of a prescription increased from $22.06 to
            $57.48.

CUSTOMERS AND PRODUCTS

      Our customer base consists of independent and regional pharmacies,
national pharmacy chains (national accounts), and other healthcare providers.
Independent pharmacies are generally community-based and, we believe, benefit
the most from our customized sales, information systems, and other value-added
services. Regional pharmacies generally focus on serving people from multiple
sites in one or more states. National accounts generally have stores located in
more than one region in the United States; they include supermarket and mass
merchandiser pharmacies. Other healthcare providers consist of hospitals, other
alternate-site care providers (including nursing homes, clinics, home health
services and managed care organizations), and pharmacy benefit management
companies.

      We are committed to serving the unique needs of independent and regional
pharmacies and have structured our business and operating model to do this
efficiently and profitably.

      We operate on a fiscal year-end of June 30. Unless otherwise indicated,
all further references to "2004," "2003," and "2002" in this document will mean
our fiscal years ended June 30, 2004, June 30, 2003, and June 30, 2002,
respectively.

                                       3
<PAGE>

NET SALES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                2004                        2003                        2002
                                      ---------------------       ---------------------       ---------------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                   AMOUNT     PERCENT          AMOUNT     PERCENT          AMOUNT     PERCENT
                                      -----------   -------       -----------   -------       -----------   -------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Independent and regional pharmacies   $ 1,820,312     71.6%       $ 1,156,460     52.0%       $ 1,089,326     44.4%
National accounts                         593,733     23.4%           929,582     41.8%         1,246,654     50.8%
Other healthcare providers                113,697      4.5%           126,333      5.7%           107,517      4.4%
PBI / Software sales                       13,448      0.5%            11,013      0.5%            10,251      0.4%
                                      -----------   ------        -----------   ------        -----------   ------
         Total                        $ 2,541,190    100.0%       $ 2,223,388    100.0%       $ 2,453,748    100.0%
                                      ===========   ======        ===========   ======        ===========   ======
</TABLE>

      During 2004, 2003 and 2002, our 10 largest customers accounted for
approximately 28.4%, 43.1%, and 56.4%, respectively, of our net sales. Our
largest customer during 2004 accounted for approximately 7% of our net sales.
Our largest customer in 2003 and 2002 accounted for approximately 9% and 24% of
our net sales, respectively.

Independent and Regional Pharmacies

      Since our inception, one of our primary strategies has been to focus on
serving the specialized needs of independent and regional pharmacies. While our
larger national competitors increasingly organize their businesses around
serving the primary needs of national pharmacy chains and national contracts
with group purchasing organizations and pharmacy benefit managers, we are
organized to profitably and efficiently provide all of our services to our
independent and regional pharmacy customers in 27 states, primarily in the
Midwest, Upper Midwest, and South from our seven full-service distribution
centers in six states. Our independent and regional pharmacy business grew from
$1,089.3 million in net sales in 2002 to $1,820.3 million in 2004.

      Our product offerings to independent and regional pharmacies consist of
more than 40,000 SKUs, including branded and generic pharmaceuticals and
over-the-counter health and beauty aid products. We deliver these products
directly to the stores of our independent pharmacy customers and deliver both to
the stores and warehouses of our regional pharmacy customers if they maintain
centralized inventory.

      Our decentralized organization allows our distribution centers to form
strong, attentive and responsive business relationships with our independent and
regional pharmacy customers. Each center has the personnel and capabilities to
autonomously provide customized distribution, information systems, inventory
management and other services to our local independent and regional pharmacy
customers. We fulfill our customers' orders with a high degree of speed and
accuracy and we believe that they value our flexibility and willingness to meet
and accommodate their special requests and needs. We believe that the large
national wholesale distributors, which are organized to serve primarily large
national pharmacies and national contracts, do not have the operating
flexibility to service independent and regional pharmacies as we do.

National Accounts

      We have a significant business serving as a secondary supplier of
high-volume branded pharmaceuticals to national pharmacies and other national
accounts that is built on our strong independent and regional pharmacy business
and our competitive position and solid relationships with pharmaceutical
manufacturers. We provide our national account customers with more than 2,800
branded and generic bulk pharmaceuticals that we purchase from pharmaceutical
manufacturers on favorable terms. Our net revenues from these sales have fallen
from $1,246.7 million in 2002 to $593.7 million in 2004, primarily due to
changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' inventory management practices that
reduced the availability of attractively priced purchase opportunities. As a
percentage of our total net sales, national accounts has fallen from 42% in 2003
to 23% in 2004. We anticipate that in future periods this percentage will be in
the 10-15% range of total net sales as independent and regional pharmacy sales
continue to grow. We provide our national accounts customers bulk
pharmaceuticals that we purchase, if available, on favorable terms from the
manufacturers. If we are unable to obtain bulk inventory on favorable terms, our
sales in this area will continue to decline.

      Our industry is subject to regulations that require organizations that
distribute or sell pharmaceuticals to trace the detailed history of products
back to the manufacturer or an authorized distributor. We purchase the vast
majority of our pharmaceuticals directly from manufacturers; the balance comes
directly from authorized distributors or otherwise

                                       4
<PAGE>

is obtained in accordance with applicable law. We believe our reputation and
conservative business practices make us a desirable business partner for
pharmaceutical manufacturers and national pharmacy chains.

      We use our longstanding manufacturer and national account relationships to
provide services that benefit both our customers and our suppliers. We have
developed and maintain the reputation and contacts that enable us to identify
opportunities to purchase branded pharmaceuticals from manufacturers at
attractive prices. In addition to our experience and expertise, we also employ
sophisticated information and inventory management systems to project the demand
for products in advance of purchasing them for distribution.

Additional Services

      Consistent with our strategy to offer a high level of customer service to
our customers, we offer a number of proprietary information systems, marketing,
and other business management solutions to help customers operate and grow their
businesses profitably. Through our Tykon, Inc. subsidiary, we have developed and
market a proprietary order entry and confirmation system to the drug
distribution industry. We offer and fully support these services from our
distribution centers. Although we make these services available to all
customers, our independent pharmacy customers profit most from these services
and are the heaviest users. Our services and support provide independent and
regional pharmacies with resources normally available only to larger businesses.
In providing these resources, we believe that we enable them to operate more
efficiently and competitively and that we increase our value to them.

      Principal elements of our service offering to our customers include:

      -     Order entry and confirmation systems: These include
            DirectKonnect(SM), a proprietary order entry/order confirmation
            system, that completely automates all order creation, transmission
            and confirmation operations, and PARTNERS(SM), a fully automated and
            customizable replenishment software system which helps pharmacies
            more efficiently coordinate product supply and demand. These
            proprietary order entry and confirmation systems help customers
            improve their margins and significantly reduce their working capital
            needs through effective inventory management.

      -     Dispensing management systems: SCRIPTMASTER(R) gives customers
            computerized order entry, point-of-sale capabilities, inventory
            control, patient histories, drug interactions and pharmacy
            reimbursement. This service provides pharmacies with cost savings
            and enhanced efficiencies as well as manufacturers with valuable
            prescription histories.

      -     Merchandising and marketing services: Under our MedPlus(R) identity
            program, we plan and coordinate cooperative advertising programs for
            our customers and provide various promotional products, including
            single-source generics from leading pharmaceutical manufacturers at
            highly competitive prices. MedPlus(R) also offers new product
            introduction programs, point-of-sale materials, calendars, blood
            pressure testing units, automatic new product distribution, rack
            jobbing, store fixtures and retail employee training programs. Other
            services offered under MedPlus(R) include: retail merchandising,
            inventory management systems, electronic order entry, shelf labels
            and price stickers, private label products, monthly feature
            promotions, home healthcare marketing programs, store layout
            assistance, business management reports, pharmacy computer systems
            and monthly catalogs.

OPERATIONS

      We are an organization of locally managed pharmaceutical wholesale
distribution centers. Each distribution center has its own executive, sales and
operations staff. These operations use our corporate staff for procurement,
marketing, financial, legal, information systems and executive management
resources; the corporate staff also manages assets and working capital. Our
decentralized sales and distribution network, combined with our centralized
procurement and corporate support, enable us to provide high levels of
specialized customer service while minimizing administrative expenses and
maximizing volume discounts for product purchases.

      Our distribution centers include computer systems and sophisticated
materials handling equipment for receiving, storing and distributing large
quantities and varieties of products. We continuously seek to improve our
warehouse automation technologies to maximize operational efficiencies on a
cost-effective basis. Our distribution centers receive virtually all orders
electronically and, upon receipt, the warehouse-management system produces
"picking documents" that contain product selection, loading and truck routing
information. The system also provides customized price information (geared to
the customers' local markets) or individual price stickers that accompany

                                       5
<PAGE>

each shipment to facilitate the customers' item pricing. Our distribution
centers can ship virtually all orders in less than 24 hours after customers
place them. We deliver orders using our fleet of trucks and vans or contract
carriers.

      During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2004, we completed the expansion of
our Cape Girardeau, Missouri distribution center. We added 60,000 square feet to
the existing building to nearly double the size of the facility. In addition to
expanding the facility size, we installed new automated machinery and equipment
including sophisticated materials handling equipment for receiving, storing and
distributing large quantities and varieties of products.

SALES AND MARKETING

      We employ sales and customer service representatives at each of our
distribution centers. Our sales representatives receive regular training to
continuously improve customer service and to provide them with the skills and
resources for increasing business with existing customers and establishing new
customer relationships. Each distribution center also maintains a
telephone-based customer service department staffed with trained representatives
who answer customer questions and solve problems.

      We focus our marketing efforts on developing and maintaining primary
relationships with customers. Our sales force emphasizes frequent personal
interaction with customers, who come to rely on our dependability and
responsiveness, order accuracy and the breadth of our product line. Our
customers also rely on our sales force for assistance with advertising,
merchandising, stocking and inventory management.

      We believe that our distribution center-based service differentiates us
from our national competitors; it is a key element in our marketing program. Our
decentralized customer service staffs focus on developing relationships with
customers, responding quickly to customer inquiries, and placing orders
accurately and efficiently.

      In July 2003, we entered into an agreement with Parata Systems, LLC to
become the exclusive distributor of their robotic dispensing system (RDS) for
independent and regional pharmacies in a 23-state region and Puerto Rico. The
Parata RDS is specifically designed to meet the needs of retail pharmacies by
automating up to 150 prescriptions per hour. The RDS uses a bar-coded
maintenance system to ensure accuracy and eliminate potential for operator
error. Faced with shortages of qualified pharmacists and pharmacy technicians,
the Parata RDS can be a significant tool to increase efficiency, effectiveness
and accuracy, and provide pharmacists with more time for interactions with
patients.

PURCHASING AND INVENTORY CONTROL

      We use sophisticated inventory control and purchasing software to track
inventory, analyze demand history, and project future demand. Our system is
designed to enhance profit margins by eliminating the manual ordering process,
allowing for automatic inventory replenishment, and identifying inventory buying
opportunities.

      We purchase products from approximately 1,200 suppliers. During 2004 and
2003, our 10 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 54% and 57%,
respectively, of our purchases by dollar volume. Our largest supplier accounted
for approximately 16% (by dollar volume) of our purchases during 2004 and
approximately 8% (by dollar volume) of our purchases during 2003. The increase
in percentage purchases from our largest single supplier between 2004 and 2003
was primarily the result of an industry merger. The majority of our supply
contracts are terminable by either party upon short notice and without penalty,
a common industry practice. We believe that our relationships with our suppliers
are strong.

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS

      Each of our distribution centers operates as a distinct business with
complete system functionality including sales order, inventory, and
transportation management; customer service; accounts payable and receivable;
general ledger; and financial reporting.

      We use the PeopleSoft EnterpriseOne, formerly JD Edwards OneWorld(TM),
product as our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software package to integrate
all these functions, which were previously maintained separately by each
distribution center. Completed in July 2003, the new system consolidates
operations in St. Louis and Cape Girardeau, Missouri, and provides us with
significantly improved operations management and financial reporting systems. We
are in process of converting the Walsh distribution centers to our system. The
Paragould location was converted in July 2004 and the San Antonio location is
scheduled to be converted in the second quarter of fiscal 2005.

                                       6
<PAGE>

BUYING GROUP

      In November 1995, we purchased 50% of Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. (PBI), a
Colorado-based group purchasing organization. PBI, with over 3,600 member
organizations, is one of the largest pharmaceutical group purchasing
organizations in the United States. PBI's members include long-term care
providers, home infusion providers and medical equipment distributors. In
connection with our secondary stock offering in July 2001, we increased our
ownership in PBI to 68%, and acquired an additional 2% in a subsequent
transaction in August 2001. The resulting consolidation of PBI's operations
increased our gross profit and gross margin percentage but had no effect on
earnings per share. PBI represented 0.3% of our net sales in both 2004 and 2003
and 8.5% and 8.6% of our gross profit in 2004 and 2003, respectively.

      In June 2004, the Company reached agreement to acquire the remaining 30%
interest in PBI for $12.4 million. This transaction is subject to certain
financing contingencies, but is expected to close by September 30, 2004.

COMPETITION

      The wholesale distribution of branded and generic pharmaceuticals and
over-the-counter health and beauty aid products, is highly competitive. National
and regional distributors compete primarily on the basis of service and price.
Other competitive factors include delivery service, credit terms, breadth of
product line, customer support, merchandising and marketing programs. We compete
with national, regional, and other wholesale distributors, pharmaceutical
manufacturers, generic pharmaceutical telemarketers and specialty distributors
for product purchases and financial support in the form of trade credit from
manufacturers. Certain of our competitors, including McKesson Corporation,
AmerisourceBergen Corporation, and Cardinal Health, Inc., have significantly
greater financial and marketing resources.

EMPLOYEES

      As of August 31, 2004, we employed 784 persons; 737 were full-time
employees. Approximately 31 employees at our Minneapolis distribution center are
covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the Miscellaneous Drivers,
Helpers and Warehousemen's Union, Local 638, which expires in March 2008.
Approximately 14 employees at our Jewett Drug Co. subsidiary are covered by a
collective bargaining agreement with the General Drivers and Helpers Union Local
749, affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, which expires
February 29, 2008. We believe we have good employee relations.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

      Certain statements in this document regarding future events, prospects,
projections or financial performance are forward looking statements. Such
forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and may be identified by
words such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends" and
similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to
risks and uncertainties such as those listed below and elsewhere in this report,
which among others, should be considered in evaluation our future financial
performance. The reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. D&K Healthcare
undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements.

FACTORS THAT MAY IMPACT FUTURE RESULTS

            The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we
currently believe may materially affect our company. Other risks and
uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material or of which we
are not presently aware may become important factors that affect our Company in
the future. If any of the risks discussed below actually occur, our business,
financial condition, operating results, cash flows or prospects could be
materially adversely affected.

            INTENSE COMPETITION IN THE WHOLESALE PHARMACEUTICAL DISTRIBUTION
INDUSTRY COULD CAUSE OUR SALES AND MARGINS TO DECLINE. The wholesale
distribution of pharmaceuticals is highly competitive, with national and
regional distributors competing primarily on the basis of service and price.
Other competitive factors include delivery service, credit terms, breadth of
product line, customer support and merchandising, information system services
and marketing programs. We compete with:

                                       7
<PAGE>

      -     large, national distributors;

      -     local and regional wholesalers;

      -     manufacturers;

      -     generic pharmaceutical telemarketers; and

      -     specialty distributors.

            Our national competitors have significantly greater financial,
distribution and marketing resources than we do. Moreover, our industry has
experienced significant consolidation in recent years and, as a result, some of
our competitors have significantly increased their advantage in such resources.
Additionally, the products we distribute are generally available to our
customers from multiple sources and many of our customers also utilize other
wholesale distributors. Our competitors could obtain exclusive rights from
manufacturers to market particular products that currently are not subject to
exclusive distribution arrangements or which are currently distributed by us,
which could cause us to lose sales or customers and our margins could decline.
In addition, manufacturers could elect to sell a higher proportion of their
products directly to customers, which would decrease the demand for such
products from wholesale distributors and increase competition. We cannot assure
you that we will not encounter increased competition in the future or that we
will be able to keep our market share because of the high level of competition
in our industry.

            OUR BUSINESS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF RELATIONS WITH ANY OF
OUR SIGNIFICANT SUPPLIERS ARE TERMINATED. Our ability to purchase
pharmaceuticals, or to expand the scope of pharmaceuticals purchased, from a
particular supplier is largely dependent upon such supplier's assessment of our
creditworthiness and our ability to resell the products we purchase. We are also
dependent upon our suppliers' continuing need for, and willingness to utilize,
our services. If we cease to be able to purchase pharmaceuticals from any of our
significant suppliers, such occurrence could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition because many
suppliers own exclusive patent rights and are the sole manufacturers of certain
pharmaceuticals. If we were to become unable to purchase patented products from
any such supplier, we would be required to purchase such products from other
distributors on less favorable terms, and our profit margin on the sale of such
products could be eliminated. Substantially all of our agreements with suppliers
are terminable by either party upon short notice and without penalty.

            OUR INDUSTRY HAS EXPERIENCED DECLINING MARGIN PERCENTAGES IN RECENT
YEARS AND, IF THIS TREND CONTINUES, OUR BUSINESS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.
Over the past decade, participants in the wholesale pharmaceutical distribution
industry have experienced declining gross and operating margin percentages.
Industry sources estimate that the average gross margin percentage of companies
in the industry has decreased from approximately 7.35% in calendar year 1990 to
approximately 4.33% in calendar year 2002. Our gross margin percentage decreased
from approximately 6.74% in fiscal year 1992 to approximately 4.07% in fiscal
year 2004, primarily as a result of pricing pressures reducing margins.
Currently, profitability of wholesale distributors, including us, is largely
dependent upon earning volume incentives, cash discounts and rebates from
pharmaceutical manufacturers. Our profitability is also partially dependent on
our ability to purchase inventory in advance of anticipated or known
manufacturer price increases. Although investment buying opportunities may
enable us to increase our gross margin percentage when manufacturers increase
prices, such buying requires subjective assessments of future price changes as
well as significant working capital. If our gross margin percentages decline
significantly, or if our assessments of future price changes are incorrect, or
if we do not have the necessary working capital to take advantage of buying
opportunities, our profitability could be materially adversely affected.

            CHANGES IN VENDOR SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT POLICIES AND THE USE OF
INVENTORY MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS IN THE PHARMACEUTICAL DISTRIBUTION INDUSTRY
COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Our business is dependent on
our ability to purchase pharmaceutical products. We historically invested
capital in pharmaceutical inventory to take advantage of relevant market
dynamics, including anticipated manufacturer price increases. We have recently
seen changes in vendor supply chain management policies related to product
availability, including the use of inventory management agreements. Inventory
management agreements generally provide for the distributor to be compensated on
a negotiated basis to help manufacturers better match their shipments to meet
market demand, thereby resulting in less surplus inventory available to the
distributor. Continued changes in vendor policies related to product
availability may limit our ability to leverage our resources and could adversely
impact our business and results of operations.

            THE LOSS OF ONE OR MORE OF OUR LARGEST CUSTOMERS OR A SIGNIFICANT
DECLINE IN THE LEVEL OF PURCHASES MADE BY ONE OR MORE OF OUR LARGEST CUSTOMERS
COULD HURT OUR BUSINESS BY REDUCING OUR REVENUES AND EARNINGS. Our 10 largest
customers accounted for approximately 28% (by dollar volume) of our revenues
during fiscal 2004 and approximately 43% (by dollar volume) of our revenues
during fiscal 2003. Our largest customer accounted for

                                       8
<PAGE>

approximately 7% (by dollar volume) of our revenues during fiscal 2004 and
approximately 9% of our revenues during fiscal 2003. As is customary in our
industry, our customers are generally permitted to terminate our relationship or
reduce purchasing levels on relatively short notice and without penalty.
Termination of a relationship by a significant customer or a significant decline
in the level of purchases made by a significant customer could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Additionally, an adverse change in the financial condition of a significant
customer, including an adverse change as a result of a change in governmental or
private reimbursement programs, could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to collect our receivables from the customer and the volume of our sales
to the customer.

            OUR SALES COULD DECLINE IF WE WERE TO LOSE OUR PRIME VENDOR STATUS
WITH A COOPERATIVE PURCHASING GROUP. We have contracted with several cooperative
purchasing groups to be their primary vendor. While we continue to contract
directly with the members of these purchasing groups, members are entitled to
the pricing we have negotiated with the groups. The majority of our independent
and regional customers are members of these cooperative purchasing groups. If a
cooperative purchasing group elected not to renew its contract with us, we
cannot assure you that all or any of our individual customers that are members
of that purchasing group would continue to purchase products from us. If a
significant number of customers were to elect not to continue to purchase
products from us, our sales would decline.

            OUR BUSINESS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF WE LOSE ANY MEMBERS OF
OUR KEY PERSONNEL. We are dependent on the services of our senior management and
on the relationships between our key personnel and our significant customers and
suppliers. We have entered into employment agreements or non-competition
agreements with four key members of our management team. The loss of certain
members of our senior management, particularly our Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Operating Officer or Chief Financial Officer, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We generally do not carry life insurance policies on the lives of our key senior
managers or key purchasing or sales personnel. As is generally true in the
industry, if any of our senior management or key personnel with an established
reputation within the industry were to leave our employ, we cannot assure you
that our customers or suppliers who have relationships with such person would
not purchase products from such person's new employer, rather than from us, or
would continue to sell products or inventory to us on terms at least as
favorable as before such person's departure.

            OUR BUSINESS COULD SUFFER IF WE ARE UNABLE TO COMPLETE AND INTEGRATE
ACQUISITIONS SUCCESSFULLY. One aspect of our growth and operating strategy is to
pursue strategic acquisitions of other pharmaceutical wholesalers and companies
that expand or complement our business. We cannot assure you that suitable
acquisition candidates will be identified, that acquisitions can be consummated
on acceptable terms, that any acquired companies can be integrated successfully
into our operations or that we will be able to retain an acquired company's
significant customer and supplier relationships or otherwise realize the
intended benefits of any acquisition. Any such expansion could require
significant capital resources and divert management's attention from our
existing business. Such acquisitions could also result in liabilities being
incurred that were not known at the time of acquisition or the creation of tax
and accounting issues. Failure to accomplish future acquisitions could limit our
revenues and earnings potential.

            CHANGES IN THE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT US. The
healthcare industry has undergone significant change in recent years as a result
of various efforts to reduce costs, including proposed national healthcare
reform, trends toward managed care, spending cuts in Medicare, consolidation of
pharmaceutical and medical/surgery supply distributors, the development of
large, sophisticated purchasing groups and efforts by third party payors to
contain or reduce healthcare costs. Group purchasing organizations' contracting
practices, especially those of larger entities serving hospital clients, have
been subjected to government scrutiny and lawsuits in recent years, primarily
from an antitrust perspective. We cannot predict whether these trends will
continue or whether any other healthcare reform efforts will be enacted and what
effect any such reforms may have on our practices and products or our customers
and suppliers. Any future changes in the healthcare industry, including a
reduction in governmental financial support of healthcare services, adverse
changes in legislation or regulations governing the delivery or pricing of
prescription drugs, healthcare services or mandated benefits may cause
healthcare industry participants to significantly reduce the amount of our
products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our
products and services. Changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or
distribution policies could also significantly and adversely affect our
revenues, margins and profitability.

            FEDERAL AND STATE LAWS THAT PROTECT PATIENT HEALTH INFORMATION MAY
INCREASE OUR COSTS AND LIMIT OUR ABILITY TO COLLECT AND USE THAT INFORMATION.
Our activities subject us to numerous federal and state laws and regulations
governing the collection, dissemination, use, security and confidentiality of
patient-identifiable health information, including the federal Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and related rules and
regulations. The issuance of these regulations and of future judicial or
regulatory guidance regarding the interpretation

                                       9
<PAGE>

of regulations, the states' ability to promulgate stricter rules, and continuing
uncertainty regarding many aspects of the regulations' implementation may make
compliance with the relatively new regulatory landscape difficult. For example,
our existing programs and systems may not enable us to comply in all respects
with the new security regulations. In order to comply with the regulatory
requirements, we will be required to employ additional or different programs and
systems. Further, compliance with these regulations would require changes to
many of the procedures we currently use to conduct our business, which may lead
to additional costs that we have not yet identified. The new regulations and the
related compliance costs could have a material adverse effect on our business.

            WE COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF THERE ARE CHANGES IN THE
REGULATIONS AFFECTING THE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY OR IF WE FAIL TO COMPLY WITH
CURRENT REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO OUR BUSINESS. The healthcare industry is more
heavily regulated than many other industries. As a distributor of certain
controlled substances and prescription pharmaceuticals, we are required to
register with and obtain licenses and permits from certain federal and state
agencies and must comply with operating and security measures prescribed by
those agencies. We are also subject to various regulations including the 1987
Prescription Drug Marketing Act, an amendment to the federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act, which regulates the purchase, storage, security and distribution
of prescription pharmaceuticals. Our compliance with these regulations is
monitored through periodic site inspections conducted by various governmental
agencies. Any failure to comply with these regulations or to respond to changes
in these regulations could result in penalties on us such as fines, restrictions
on our operations or a temporary or permanent closure of our facilities. These
penalties could harm our operating results. We cannot assure you that future
changes in applicable laws or regulations will not materially increase the costs
of conducting business or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

            OUR OPERATIONS AND QUARTERLY RESULTS ARE SUBJECT TO SEASONALITY AND
VARIABILITY. Historically, our operations have experienced certain seasonal
patterns. Generally, our net sales are highest in the third and fourth quarters
and lowest in the first quarter of our fiscal year. As a result, we have
historically achieved approximately 60% of our earnings in our third and fourth
fiscal quarters. These fluctuations are attributable, in part, to the timing of
product price increases enacted by manufacturers and to the winter cold and flu
season. Our earnings may continue to vary materially from quarter to quarter due
to these and other factors.

Item 2. Properties

      We conduct our business from a total of twelve office and warehouse
facilities:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         LOCATION                               DESCRIPTION                   SQUARE FOOTAGE
- ----------------------------          -------------------------------         --------------
<S>                                   <C>                                     <C>
Cape Girardeau, Missouri (1)          Distribution and administration            126,000
Lexington, Kentucky (1)               Distribution and administration             61,900
Minneapolis, Minnesota (2)            Distribution and administration             63,000
Aberdeen, South Dakota (1)            Distribution and administration             40,000
Flower Mound, Texas (1)               Distribution and administration             70,100
Owensboro, Kentucky  (2)              Distribution and administration             34,000
Texarkana, Texas (1)                  Walsh headquarters                          40,600
San Antonio, Texas (1)                Distribution and administration            147,000
Paragould, Arkansas (2)               Distribution and administration             78,000
Caguas, Puerto Rico (1)               Distribution and administration              5,000
Boulder, Colorado (1)                 PBI headquarters                             5,500
St. Louis, Missouri (1)               Corporate offices                           31,765
</TABLE>

- -------------
1) Leased.

2) Owned.

      During fiscal 2004 we completed the expansion of our Cape Girardeau
facility adding approximately 60,000 square feet to the current facility. In
addition, in August 2004, we entered into a lease for a 180,000 square foot
facility in McCalla, Alabama, which is near Birmingham. This facility is
scheduled to become fully operational in the first calendar quarter of 2005. We
believe our facilities are adequate to support our present business plans.

                                       10
<PAGE>

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

      On February 5, 2004, an individual named Gary Dutton filed a complaint in
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri against
the Company and its Chief Executive, Operating and Financial Officers
("Defendants") asserting a class action for alleged breach of fiduciary duties
and violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint alleges that the
Company's press releases and reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission between April 23, 2001 and September 16, 2002 were materially false
and misleading in that they failed to disclose that the Company's results were
based, in material part, on arrangements with a single supplier which the
Company allegedly knew could not be sustained. The complaint also claims that as
a result of the alleged omissions, the market prices of the Company's common
shares during the period were artificially inflated. The complaint seeks
unspecified compensatory damages. The Company believes that the complaint
describes types of transactions in which the Company has not engaged, contains a
number of inaccurate statements, does not state any valid cause of action and
that the Company will have substantial meritorious defenses to the complaint.
The Court has not selected lead class counsel and the Company has not yet had an
opportunity to assert its defenses to the complaint. The Defendants intend to
vigorously defend the claims.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

      We did not submit any matters to a vote of our security holders during the
quarter ended June 30, 2004.

Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant

      The name, age and position of each of our executive officers are set forth
below.

      J. Hord Armstrong, III, 63, has served as Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer and Treasurer, and a director since December 1987. Prior to
joining us, Mr. Armstrong served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Arch Mineral Corporation, a coal mining and sales corporation, from 1981 to
1987, and as its Treasurer from 1978 to 1981.

      Martin D. Wilson, 43, has served as President and Chief Operating Officer
since January 1996, as Secretary from August 1993 to April 1999 and as a
director since 1997. Mr. Wilson served as Executive Vice President, Finance and
Administration from May 1995 to January 1996, as Vice President, Finance and
Administration from April 1991 to May 1995, and as Controller from March 1988 to
April 1991. Prior to joining us, Mr. Wilson was associated with KPMG Peat
Marwick, a public accounting firm. Mr. Wilson serves as a Trustee of the St.
Louis College of Pharmacy.

      Thomas S. Hilton, 52, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer since January 1999. Between May 1980 and June 1998, Mr. Hilton
was employed by the Peabody Group, a coal mining and sales corporation in a
variety of management positions including Vice President and Treasurer from
March 1993 to May 1995, and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from May
1995 to June 1998.

      Brian G. Landry, 48, has served as Senior Vice President of Operations and
Chief Information Officer since January 2004. . Mr. Landry previously served as
Vice President and Chief Information Officer from April 2000, Vice President,
information systems product management from April 1999 to April 2000 and as Vice
President and General Manager of our Minneapolis distribution center from
November 1996 to April 1999. From October 1992 to October 1996, Mr. Landry was
employed by Cardinal Health as a general manager of a distribution center.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

      The information set forth under the caption "Price Range Per Common Share"
on the inside back cover of the registrant's 2004 Annual Report to Stockholders
is incorporated herein by this reference.

      The following table contains certain information concerning shares of
common stock of the company subject to options issued under our 1992 Long-term
Incentive Plan (as amended), 1993 Stock Option Plan (as amended) and 2001
Long-term Incentive Plan. Our stockholders approved the 1992 Long-term Incentive
Plan and the 2001 Long-term Incentive Plan. The 1993 Stock Option Plan (the 1993
Plan) is for employees and certain others (not company directors or executive
officers) who perform services for us and did not require shareholder approval.
Under the 1993 Plan, we can grant options that do not qualify as incentive stock
options at a price not less than fair market value of the company's common stock
at the time of grant. The term of the options cannot exceed 10 years from the
date of grant. There were 700,000 shares authorized under the 1993 Plan.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                                       REMAINING AVAILABLE FOR
                                                                                              FUTURE
                                NUMBER OF SECURITIES TO BE  WEIGHTED-AVERAGE EXERCISE   ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY
                                 ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF      PRICE OF OUTSTANDING        COMPENSATION PLANS
                                   OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,             OPTIONS,            (EXCLUDING SECURITIES
                                   WARRANTS AND RIGHTS         WARRANTS AND RIGHTS     REFLECTED IN COLUMN (a))
       PLAN CATEGORY                       (a)                         (b)                      (C)
- ------------------------------  --------------------------  -------------------------  ------------------------
<S>                             <C>                         <C>                        <C>
Equity compensation plans
approved by stockholders                1,376,466                   $15.06                      329,433

Equity  compensation plans not
approved by stockholders                  126,250                   $11.64                           --
                                        ---------                   ------                      -------
           TOTAL                        1,502,716                   $14.78                      329,433
                                        =========                   ======                      =======
</TABLE>

                      ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              (d) MAXIMUM
                                                                     (c) TOTAL NUMBER OF       NUMBER OF
                                                                           SHARES                SHARES
                              (a) TOTAL NUMBER                        PURCHASED AS PART     THAT MAY YET BE
                                     OF             (b) AVERAGE              OF             PURCHASED UNDER
                                   SHARES            PRICE PAID      PUBLICLY ANNOUNCED       THE PLANS OR
           PERIOD                 PURCHASED          PER SHARE        PLANS OR PROGRAMS         PROGRAMS
- --------------------------    ----------------      -----------      -------------------    ----------------
<S>                           <C>                   <C>              <C>                    <C>
August 2003                        56,500              $14.45              656,500                 0
                                   ------              ------              -------               ---
Total                              56,500              $14.45              656,500                 0
                                   ======              ======              =======               ===
</TABLE>

In September 2002, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.0
million shares, which expired in September 2003. During fiscal 2004, an
additional 56,500 shares were repurchased under this authorization bring the
total number of shares repurchased to 656,500.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

      The information set forth under the caption "Financial Highlights" on the
inside front cover of the registrant's 2004 Annual Report to Stockholders is
incorporated herein by this reference.

                                       12
<PAGE>

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

RECENT TRENDS

      Sales in the national accounts trade class are continuing to fall below
expectations in the first two months of 2005, as fewer than anticipated product
price increases enacted by pharmaceutical manufacturers have resulted in lower
activity in this trade class. Changes in manufacturers' inventory management
practices resulting in reduced availability of product have also impacted
revenues in this trade class.

      Fewer than anticipated product price increases also resulted in lower
gross profit margin in the independent and regional pharmacies trade class
during the first two months of 2005. However, during this period sales trends in
the trade class show continued growth which partially offset the effect of lower
gross profit margins. We believe this sales growth reflects improved regional
and independent retail pharmacy industry sales trends in the our service
territory and the impact of new business.

      Changing behavior on the part of pharmaceutical manufacturers is impacting
and will continue to impact how distributors generate earnings. Three important
changes we have noted include changes in the timing of product price increases,
tightening of control over inventory in the distribution channel resulting in
fewer opportunities to purchase inventory from sources other than the original
manufacturer, and a transition to "fee for service" compensation models which
generally reduce the ability to accumulate inventory positions ahead of price
increases. With these changes, and with others likely over time, we expect that
our business model and earnings growth will evolve to reflect that of our core
business. We refer to our "core" operations as the combination of our
"independent and regional pharmacies" trade class and the "other healthcare
providers" trade class. Customers in both of these classes of trade rely on us
as their primary pharmaceutical and over-the-counter products supplier. We are
servicing these customers on a daily basis from one of our seven full-service
distribution centers. We have taken several important steps to position D&K for
the change in pharmaceutical manufacturers' behavior. We have strengthened and
broadened our core business through the acquisition of Walsh HealthCare
Solutions. As a result of the Walsh acquisition, we expect our net sales and
profits to increase. Walsh generated net sales of approximately $900 million in
its fiscal year ended April 30, 2003 and pre-tax income of approximately $4.8
million, excluding non-recurring items. The Walsh acquisition provided modest
earnings accretion in fiscal 2004 and we feel that there will be significant
accretion in fiscal 2005. We have positioned our national accounts business with
a flexible cost structure with minimal fixed costs, so that we can maintain a
presence and take advantage of opportunities if and when they exist. We also
anticipate continued industry consolidation, which may provide additional
acquisition opportunities.

      The current environment makes it difficult to forecast the timing of sales
from national accounts. Factors such as higher scrutiny of the healthcare
industry in an election year, changes in manufacturers' inventory management
practices, changes in product pricing practices, the transition from a `buy and
hold' industry model to a `fee for service' model, are all making the current
environment difficult to predict. We believe that 2005 earnings results will
likely be `back-end' loaded, similar to 2004.

      During the fiscal 2004 fourth quarter we expanded sales and distribution
activities in the Southeast United States. In August 2004, we leased an 180,000
square foot facility near Birmingham, Alabama to support customers in Alabama,
Georgia, South Carolina, Mississippi and the Florida panhandle. The Birmingham
distribution center is scheduled to become operational in the first calendar
quarter of 2005, with current deliveries to customers being accomplished by our
other distribution centers.

      On April 26, 2004, we filed a Form S-3 shelf registration statement that
will allow us to sell, from time to time in one or more offerings, up to $200
million of any combination of debt and equity securities described in the
registration statement. At this time, we do not have any plans to sell any of
these securities. This disclosure does not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

      The table below sets forth certain statement of income data for the last
three fiscal years expressed as a percentage of net sales and in comparison with
the prior fiscal year. Unless otherwise indicated, for purposes of this
discussion, all references to "2004," "2003," and "2002" shall mean the
Company's fiscal years ended June 30, 2004, June 30, 2003, and June 30, 2002,
respectively.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      The table below contains certain operations data for the last three years
expressed as a percentage of net sales and in comparison with the prior year:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         PERCENTAGE CHANGE FROM
                                            PERCENTAGE OF NET SALES                            PRIOR YEAR
                                   -----------------------------------------          ---------------------------
                                    2004              2003             2002           2003-2004         2002-2003
                                   ------            ------           ------          ---------         ---------
<S>                                <C>               <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>
Net sales                          100.00%           100.00%          100.00%            14.3%            (9.4%)
Gross profit                         4.07%             4.08%            4.19%            14.0%           (11.8%)
Total operating expenses            (2.82%)           (2.44%)          (2.30%)           31.9%            (3.9%)
                                   ------            ------           ------
Income from operations               1.25%             1.64%            1.89%           (12.8%)          (21.5%)
Interest expense, net               (0.55%)           (0.48%)          (0.40%)           30.5%             9.7%
Securitization termination costs       --             (0.09%)             --               NM               NM
Other, net                          (0.00%)           (0.00%)          (0.03%)             NM               NM
Income tax provision                (0.27%)           (0.41%)          (0.58%)          (23.2%)          (35.8%)
Minority interest                   (0.03%)           (0.03%)          (0.03%)           10.0%            (3.4%)
                                   ------            ------           ------
Net income before cumulative
  effect of accounting change        0.40%             0.63%            0.86%           (26.7%)          (33.8%)
Cumulative effect of
  accounting change, net               --             (0.19%)             --               NM               NM
                                   ------            ------           ------
Net income                           0.40%             0.44%            0.86%             5.5%           (54.0%)
                                   ======            ======           ======
</TABLE>

FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2004 COMPARED WITH THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2003

      NET SALES Net sales increased $317.8 million to $2.541 billion, or 14.3%,
in 2004 compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. Sales to
independent and regional pharmacies increased $663.9 million to $1.820 billion,
or 57.4%. Approximately 69% of the increase related to Walsh sales included in
our results since the acquisition in December 2003. Approximately 25% of the
increase relates to new business with the balance driven by same store growth.
National accounts sales decreased $335.8 million to $593.7 million, or 36.1%,
compared to last year primarily as a result of changes in pharmaceutical
manufacturers' inventory management practices that reduced the availability of
attractively priced purchase opportunities. We provide our national accounts
customers bulk pharmaceuticals that we purchase, if available, on favorable
terms from the manufacturers. If we are unable to obtain bulk inventory on
favorable terms, our sales in this area will continue to decline.

      During 2004 and 2003 we made no dock-to-dock sales, which historically
were not included in net sales due to our accounting policy of recording only
the commission on such transactions as a reduction to cost of sales in our
consolidated statements of operations. Dock-to-dock sales represent bulk sales
of pharmaceuticals to self-warehousing chain pharmacies for which we act only as
an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products to the
customers' warehouses. The commission on dock-to-dock sales is typically lower
than the gross profit realized on sales of products from inventory.

      GROSS PROFIT Gross profit increased $12.7 million to $103.4 million, or
14.0%, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. As a percentage
of net sales, gross margin decreased from 4.08% to 4.07% compared to the
corresponding period of the prior year. The increase in gross profit was in our
wholesale drug distribution segment due to the addition of Walsh sales and
additional sales related to new business and same store growth. The increase
also included gains from two class action legal settlements received during the
year totaling $3.1 million that reduced cost of sales. Without these
settlements, gross margin would have been 3.95%. The decrease in gross margin
relates to lower national accounts sales that typically had higher gross margin
realization than independent and regional pharmacy sales and continued pricing
pressure on new and existing business.

      OPERATING EXPENSES Operating expenses (including depreciation and
amortization) increased $17.3 million to $71.7 million, or 31.9%, compared to
the corresponding period of the prior year. The ratio of operating expenses to
net sales was 2.82%, a 38 basis point increase from the comparable period of the
prior year. The increase in operating expenses resulted primarily from the
inclusion of Walsh-related operating expenses since the acquisition in December
2003. The ratio of operating expense to net sales increased due to the decrease
in national accounts sales.

                                       14
<PAGE>

      INTEREST EXPENSE, NET Net interest expense increased $3.2 million to $13.9
million, or 30.5%, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. As a
percentage of net sales, net interest expense increased to 0.55% from 0.48%,
compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The increase in net
interest expense was primarily the result of higher average borrowing levels
driven by financing the purchase of Walsh in combination with higher average
investment in inventory.

      INCOME TAX PROVISION Our effective income tax rate was 38.7% for 2004
compared to 38.2% for the corresponding period of the prior year. These rates
were different from the statutory blended federal and state rates primarily
because of the impact of state income taxes. Our effective rate is slightly
higher than the corresponding period of last year due to the impact of the sales
mix on the blended state income tax rate.

      MINORITY INTEREST Minority interest increased to $0.8 million for 2004
compared to $0.7 million in 2003. This represents our minority interest in PBI
with the slight increase related to PBI's performance during 2004.

FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2003 COMPARED WITH THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2002

      NET SALES Net sales decreased $230.4 million to $2.223 billion, or 9.4%,
in 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The sales
decline was in the national accounts trade class and related to fewer
attractively priced purchase opportunities. Sales to independent and regional
pharmacies increased $67.1 million to $1.156 billion, or 6.2%, primarily as a
result of the net increase in sales to existing customers. National accounts
sales decreased $317.1 million to $929.6 million, or 25.4%, compared to 2002
related to fewer attractively priced purchase opportunities of approximately
$554 million partially offset by sales to new customers of approximately $235
million. Sales to other healthcare providers increased $18.8 million to $126.3
million, or 17.5% as a result of new customers.

      During 2003 we made no dock-to-dock sales, which historically were not
included in net sales due to our accounting policy of recording only the
commission on such transactions as a reduction to cost of sales in our
consolidated statements of operations. Dock-to-dock sales represent bulk sales
of pharmaceuticals to self-warehousing chain pharmacies for which we act only as
an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products to the
customers' warehouses. The commission on dock-to-dock sales is typically lower
than the gross profit realized on sales of products from inventory. Dock-to-dock
sales were $70.5 million during 2002.

      GROSS PROFIT Gross profit decreased $12.1 million to $90.7 million, or
11.8%, for 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. As a
percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased from 4.19% to 4.08% for 2003,
compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in gross
margin percentage was due to the impact on our prices of the competitive forces
in the business.

      OPERATING EXPENSES Operating expenses (including depreciation and
amortization) decreased $2.2 million to $54.3 million, or 3.9%, for 2003
compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The ratio of operating
expenses to net sales for 2003 was 2.44%, a 14 basis point increase from the
comparable period of the prior year. The decrease in operating expenses resulted
from the elimination of approximately $2.5 million of goodwill amortization
related to our adoption of SFAS 142, offset by higher depreciation expense of
approximately $0.4 million related to the new ERP computer system that was fully
implemented during 2003. The ratio of operating expense to net sales increased
due to the decrease in national accounts sales.

      INTEREST EXPENSE, NET Net interest expense increased $0.9 million to $10.7
million, or 9.7%, for 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the prior
year. As a percentage of net sales, net interest expense increased to 0.48% from
0.40% for 2003, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. The
increase in net interest expense was primarily the result of higher average
borrowing levels driven by higher average investment in inventory.

      SECURITIZATION TERMINATION COSTS In March 2003, we entered into a new
credit facility that resulted in the termination of the existing accounts
receivable securitization agreement. As a result, a one-time charge of $2.0
million was incurred during the third quarter of 2003. These costs were
associated with eliminating a $50 million fixed rate component of the accounts
receivable securitization program.

      INCOME TAX PROVISION Our effective income tax rate was 38.2% for 2003
compared to 39.3% for the corresponding period of the prior year. These rates
were different from the statutory blended federal and state rates primarily
because of the impact of state income taxes. Our effective rate is lower than
the corresponding period of last year due to the impact of the sales mix on the
blended state income tax rate.

                                       15
<PAGE>

      MINORITY INTEREST Minority interest remained at $0.7 million for 2003. We
began recording minority interest during 2002 as a result of our additional
investment in PBI in July 2001.

      CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGE, NET As a result of the adoption of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets", we recognized an impairment loss of approximately $7.0
million ($4.2 million net of tax) during the first quarter of 2003. This
impairment results from an appraisal valuation and relates to goodwill
originally established for the acquisition of Jewett Drug Co.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

      On March 31, 2003, we entered into a new $600 million credit facility. The
credit facility, an asset-based senior secured revolving credit facility,
increased our available credit from $430 million to $600 million. The new single
credit facility replaced a $230 million revolving bank line of credit and a $200
million accounts receivable securitization program. Under the credit facility,
the total amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding at any time cannot
exceed the lesser of an amount based on percentages of eligible receivables and
inventories (the borrowing base formula). Total credit available at June 30,
2004 was approximately $390 million of which approximately $83 million was
unused. The interest rate on the new credit facility is based on the 30-day
London Interbank Offering Rate (LIBOR) plus a factor based on certain financial
criteria. The interest rate was 3.59% at June 30, 2004. The agreement expires in
March 2007, and, therefore, the related debt has been classified as long-term.
We are required to pay an annual facility fee, which was $100,000 in 2004. In
addition, we are charged a monthly fee of 0.375% of the unused balance of the
facility.

      We are required under the terms of our debt agreements to comply with
certain financial covenants, including those related to fixed charge coverage
ratio and tangible net worth. We are required to reduce borrowings by cash
received. We also are limited in our ability to make loans and investments,
enter into leases, or incur additional debt, among other things, without the
consent of our lenders. We are in compliance with our debt covenants as of June
30, 2004.

      The new credit facility resulted in the termination of the existing
accounts receivable securitization agreement. As a result, a one-time charge of
$2.0 million was incurred during the third fiscal quarter of 2003. These costs
were associated with eliminating a $50 million fixed rate component of the
accounts receivable securitization program that had an interest rate of 4.85%.
Under the provisions of SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities," (as amended by SFAS No.
140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities") the accounts receivable sold under the
agreement were removed from the consolidated balance sheet.

      We generally meet our working capital requirements through a combination
of internally generated funds, borrowings under the revolving line of credit and
trade credit from our suppliers.

      We use the following ratios as key indicators of our liquidity and working
capital management:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    JUNE 30,         JUNE 30,
                                                      2004             2003
                                                  ----------      -----------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Working capital (000s)                            $  382,900      $  215,639
Current ratio                                      2.52 to 1       2.14 to 1
</TABLE>

      Working capital is total current assets less total current liabilities on
our balance sheet. The current ratio is calculated by dividing total current
assets by total current liabilities. As cash is collected on accounts
receivable, it is used to immediately reduce long term debt.

      Working capital and current ratio at June 30, 2004 are higher than June
30, 2003 levels. The change was due mainly to increases in inventory levels and
the additional working capital provided by Walsh that amounted to $97.3 million
at June 30, 2004.

      We invested $5.4 million in capital assets in 2004 compared with $2.4
million in 2003. The 2004 expenditures were primarily related to the expansion
at our Cape Girardeau distribution center. The 2003 expenditures were primarily
related to leasehold improvements associated with our new corporate offices. We
believe that continuing investment in capital assets is necessary to achieve our
goal of improving operational efficiency, thereby enhancing our productivity and
profitability.

                                       16
<PAGE>

      Net cash inflows from financing activities totaled $193.3 million for 2004
with net cash outflows of $58.7 million in 2003. Borrowings under our revolving
line of credit related to the purchase of Walsh and to support our inventory
levels produced this result. During 2003, repayments under our revolving line of
credit related to the decrease in inventory levels combined with our purchase of
treasury stock produced this result.

      Stockholders' equity increased to $179.3 million at June 30, 2004 from
$170.1 million at June 30, 2003, primarily due to the net earnings during the
period. We believe that funds available under the new credit facility, together
with internally generated funds, will be sufficient to meet our capital
requirements for the foreseeable future.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The following table summarizes our outstanding contractual obligations as of
June 30, 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD

                                                               FY 2006-FY    FY 2009 -   FY 2012 AND
   CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS          TOTAL        FY 2005          2008        FY 2011     THEREAFTER
- -------------------------------    -------       -------       ----------    ---------   -----------
<S>                                <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
Long-Term Debt Obligations (1)     $308.4          $ 0.7           $307.7           --            --
Capital Lease Obligations          $  0.4          $ 0.3           $  0.1           --            --
Operating Lease Obligations (2)    $ 30.9          $ 6.0           $ 14.3         $7.3          $3.3
Purchase Obligations (3)           $ 31.8          $10.5           $ 21.3           --            --
Other Long-Term Liabilities        $  2.7          $ 0.3           $  0.7         $0.2          $1.5
Total                              $374.2          $17.8           $344.1         $7.5          $4.8
</TABLE>

(1)   Includes repayment of revolving credit facility in March 2007

(2)   Our future minimum rental commitments under noncancellable leases comprise
      the category.

(3)   Represents required purchases under our agreement with Parata Systems, LLC

INFLATION

      We prepare our consolidated financial statements on the basis of
historical costs and they do not reflect changes in the relative purchasing
power of the dollar. Because we take advantage of purchasing opportunities in
anticipation of price increases (forward purchasing), we believe that our gross
profits generally increase when manufacturers increase the prices of products we
distribute. Our gross profits may decline if manufacturers increase prices more
slowly.

      Generally, we pass price increases through to customers, therefore
reducing the negative effect of inflation. During the past three years, we have
offset other non-inventory cost increases such as payroll, supplies and services
by increasing volume and improving productivity.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying the accounting
policies most critical to our financial statements have a significant impact on
our reported results. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has defined
the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the
portrayal of our financial condition and results, and require us to make our
most difficult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, our most
critical policies include the following: (1) inventory valuation; (2) accounts
receivable; (3) valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets (4) accounting
for stock options; and (5) income taxes. We also have other key accounting
policies including policies for revenue recognition. We believe that these other
policies either do not generally require us to make estimates and judgments that
are as difficult or as subjective as the others listed above, or are less likely
to have a significant impact on our reported results of operations for a given
period. For additional information, see Note 1 "Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies" in Item 8 of Part II, "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data,"

                                       17
<PAGE>

of this report. Although we believe that our estimates and assumptions are
reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time the estimates
and assumptions were made. Actual results may differ significantly from our
estimates and our estimates could be different using different assumptions or
conditions.

Revenue Recognition

      Revenue is recognized when products are shipped or services are provided
to customers and we have no further obligation with respect to such products or
services. Revenues as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations are net of sales returns and allowances. We recognize sales returns
as a reduction of revenue and cost of sales for the sales price and cost,
respectively. Our customer return policy generally allows customers to return
products only if the products have the ability to be added back to inventory and
resold at full value or can be returned to suppliers for credit. Rebates
received from suppliers are recognized as a reduction in cost of sales at the
time the product is sold. Shipping and handling costs associated with the
shipment of goods are recorded as operating expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations.

Inventory Valuation

      Inventories consist of pharmaceutical drugs and related over-the-counter
items, which are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
the first-in, first-out method. We establish reserves that permanently reduce
the cost basis of our inventory to reflect situations in which the cost of the
inventory is not expected to be recovered. We record provisions for inventory
reserves as part of cost of sales. During 2004, approximately $75,000 was
charged to cost of sales relating to inventory reserve adjustments. A change in
our inventory reserves of $250,000 would impact our diluted earnings per share
by approximately $0.01 based on shares outstanding at June 30, 2004.

Accounts Receivable

      We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers, including reviews
of their current credit information, and we adjust credit limits based upon
their payment histories and current credit worthiness. We continuously monitor
collections and payments from customers and maintain a provision for estimated
credit losses based upon our historical experience and any specific customer
collection issues we have identified. However, our ultimate ability to collect
receivables depends on the individual customer's financial condition, which can
change rapidly and without warning.

Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets

      We review goodwill and certain identifiable intangible assets when events
or circumstances indicate that the net book value may not be recoverable.
Effective with our adoption of SFAS No. 142,"Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets" in July 2002, we are no longer amortizing goodwill and intangible assets
that have indefinite lives but will test them annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. We will continue to
amortize other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. As a result
of this adoption and assessment, we recognized an impairment loss of
approximately $7.0 million ($4.2 million net of tax) during the first quarter of
fiscal 2003. This was recognized as the cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle. This impairment results from an appraisal valuation and
relates to goodwill originally established for the acquisition of Jewett Drug
Co., which is included in our wholesale drug distribution segment.

Stock Options

      We account for employee-based stock compensation in accordance with
Accounting Principles Board Opinion ("APB") No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees." Under APB No. 25, we record compensation expense based on a stock
option's intrinsic value, which is the difference between a stock's market value
and the exercise price at the date of grant. As we generally grant stock options
at market value at the date of the grant, our compensation expense as a result
of option grants has been nominal. An alternative to APB No. 25 used by many
companies in accounting for stock options is SFAS No.123, "Stock-Based
Compensation." SFAS No. 123 uses the fair value method in valuing stock options
and requires expensing of such values. Companies determine fair value based on
an option-pricing model, with the Black-Scholes model used most commonly. These
pricing models require using several estimates including the expected life of
the option, volatility of common stock, dividend yields (including estimates of
future dividends and market values of common stock), risk-free interest rates
and employee turnover. In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure, An
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 123" ("SFAS 148"). This statement provides
alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based
method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In

                                       18
<PAGE>

addition, SFAS 148 amends the disclosure requirements of Statement No. 123 to
require more prominent disclosures, in both interim and annual financial
statements, about the method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation
and the effect the method used has on reported results. The provisions of SFAS
148 are effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2002 and the
interim disclosure provisions are effective for financial reports containing
financial statements for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2002. We
will continue to account for stock-based compensation using the intrinsic value
method and have adopted the disclosure requirements prescribed by SFAS 148. The
additional required disclosures have been provided in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Income taxes

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined by the differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and
liabilities. Please reference Note 11 entitled Income Taxes of "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements" for the types of items that give rise to
significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes
are classified as assets or liabilities based on the classification of the
related asset or liability for financial reporting purposes. Deferred income
taxes that are not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting are
classified according to the expected reversal date. The recoverability of
deferred tax assets is dependent upon our assessment of whether it is
more-likely- than-not that sufficient future taxable income will be generated in
the relevant tax jurisdiction to utilize the deferred tax asset. A valuation
allowance is provided for the portion of deferred tax assets, which are
"more-likely-than-not" to be unrealized. We regularly review deferred tax assets
for recoverability based upon projected future taxable income and the expected
timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. As a result of this
review, we have not established a valuation allowance against the deferred tax
assets.

      We are periodically reviewed by domestic and foreign tax authorities
regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include questions regarding the
timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax
jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposure associated with various filing
positions, we record reserves for probable exposures. Based on our evaluation of
current tax positions, we believe we have appropriately accrued for probable
exposures.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

      In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133
on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 149 amends SFAS No.
133 for decisions made as part of the FASB's Derivatives Implementation Group
process, other FASB projects dealing with financial instruments, and in
connection with implementation issues raised in relation to the application of
the definition of a derivative. This statement is generally effective for
contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging
relationships designated after June 30, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 149 did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

      In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, "Accounting for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity"
("SFAS 150"). SFAS 150 modifies the accounting for certain financial instruments
that, under previous guidance, issuers could account for as equity. SFAS 150
requires that those instruments be classified as liabilities in statements of
financial position and affects an issuer's accounting for (1) mandatorily
redeemable shares, which the issuing company is obligated to buy back in
exchange for cash or other assets, (2) instruments, other than outstanding
shares, that do or may require the issuer to buy back some of its shares in
exchange for cash or other assets, or (3) obligations that can be settled with
shares, the monetary value of which is fixed, tied solely or predominantly to a
variable such as a market index, or varies inversely with the value of the
issuer's shares. In addition to its requirements for the classification and
measurement of financial instruments within its scope, SFAS 150 also requires
disclosures about alternative ways of settling those instruments and the capital
structure of entities, all of whose shares are mandatorily redeemable. SFAS 150
is effective for financial instruments entered into or modified after May 31,
2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first interim period
beginning after June 15, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 150 did not have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.

                                       19
<PAGE>

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

      Our primary exposure to market risk consists of changes in interest rates
on borrowings. An increase in interest rates would adversely affect the
operating results and the cash flow available to fund operations and expansion.
Based on the average anticipated borrowings during 2005, a change of 25 basis
points in the average variable borrowing rate would result in a change of
approximately $0.7 million in annual interest expense. We continually monitor
this risk and review the potential benefits of entering into hedging
transactions, such as interest rate swap agreements, to mitigate the exposure to
interest rate fluctuations. Our hedging arrangements at June 30, 2004 are
described more fully in the footnotes to our consolidated financial statements.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     PAGE
                                                                                   -------
<S>                                                                                <C>
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                            Page 21
Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2004 and June 30, 2003                     Page 22
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2004,
   June 30, 2003, and June 30, 2002                                                Page 23
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
   Ended June 30, 2004, June 30, 2003, and June 30, 2002                           Page 24
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2004,
   June 30, 2003, and June 30, 2002                                                Page 25
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                         Page 26
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>

             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors
D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.:

      We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of D&K
Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2004
and 2003, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June
30, 2004. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial
statements, we also have audited the related financial statement schedule. These
consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule based on our audits.

      We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of D&K
Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2004 and 2003, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended June 30, 2004 in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the consolidated financial
statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the
information set forth therein.

      As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" effective July 1, 2002.

KPMG LLP
August 6, 2004

                                       21
<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

As of June 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               2004             2003
                                                                                            ----------       ----------
<S>                                                                                         <C>              <C>
ASSETS
Current Assets
  Cash (including restricted cash of $12,499 and $14,301 respectively)                      $   12,499       $   14,301
  Receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $5,444 and $1,604, respectively       130,770          122,982
  Inventories                                                                                  461,295          257,984
  Deferred income taxes                                                                          7,874            2,322
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                     21,862            6,540
                                                                                            ----------       ----------
         Total current assets                                                                  634,300          404,129
Property and Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
  $12,274 and $10,673, respectively                                                             24,494           11,140
Other Assets                                                                                    14,298           11,511
Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization                                                       64,233           44,105
Other Intangible Assets, net of accumulated amortization                                         6,546            1,810
                                                                                            ----------       ----------
         Total assets                                                                       $  743,871       $  472,695
                                                                                            ==========       ==========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current Liabilities
  Current maturities of long-term debt                                                      $      676       $    1,677
  Accounts payable                                                                             219,580          173,342
  Accrued expenses                                                                              31,144           13,471
                                                                                            ----------       ----------
         Total current liabilities                                                             251,400          188,490
Long-term Liabilities                                                                            2,663            3,703
Deferred Income Taxes                                                                            2,785               --
Long-term Debt                                                                                 307,693          110,423
                                                                                            ----------       ----------
         Total liabilities                                                                     564,541          302,616
Stockholders' Equity
  Preferred stock                                                                                   --               --
  Common stock                                                                                     152              152
  Paid-in capital                                                                              125,552          124,704
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                          (1,208)          (1,371)
  Deferred compensation - restricted stock                                                        (730)            (411)
  Retained earnings                                                                             67,790           58,415
  Less treasury stock                                                                          (12,226)         (11,410)
                                                                                            ----------       ----------
         Total stockholders' equity                                                            179,330          170,079
                                                                                            ----------       ----------
         Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                         $  743,871       $  472,695
                                                                                            ==========       ==========
</TABLE>

Preferred stock has no par value; 1 million shares are authorized. In 2004 and
2003, no shares were issued or outstanding.

Common stock has a par value of $.01 per share; 25 million shares are
authorized; 15,306,749 and 15,177,100 shares were issued at June 30,2004 and
2003, respectively. At June 30, 2004, 14,057,449 shares were outstanding and
1,249,300 shares were held in treasury. At June 30 2003, 13,984,300 shares were
outstanding and 1,192,800 shares were held in treasury.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       22
<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the year ended June 30,  (in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2004            2003              2002
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
<S>                                                                       <C>              <C>               <C>
Net Sales                                                                 $ 2,541,190      $ 2,223,388       $ 2,453,748
Cost of Sales                                                               2,437,795        2,132,689         2,350,917
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
     Gross profit                                                             103,395           90,699           102,831
Depreciation and Amortization                                                   3,782            2,492             4,453
Operating Expenses                                                             67,874           51,820            52,039
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
     Income from operations                                                    31,739           36,387            46,339
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
Other Income (Expense):
     Interest expense                                                         (14,531)         (11,070)          (10,386)
     Interest income                                                              622              410               667
     Securitization termination costs                                              --           (2,008)               --
     Other, net                                                                   124              (13)             (710)
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
                                                                              (13,785)         (12,681)          (10,429)
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
     Income before income tax provision and minority interest                  17,954           23,706            35,910
Income Tax Provision                                                           (6,956)          (9,058)          (14,113)
Minority Interest                                                                (784)            (713)             (738)
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
     Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change                  10,214           13,935            21,059
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------

Cumulative effect of accounting change, net                                        --           (4,249)               --
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
Net income                                                                $    10,214      $     9,686       $    21,059
                                                                          ===========      ===========       ===========
Earnings Per Share - Basic
Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change                  $      0.73      $      0.98       $      1.48
Cumulative effect of accounting change                                             --            (0.30)               --
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
Net income                                                                $      0.73      $      0.68       $      1.48
                                                                          ===========      ===========       ===========

Earnings Per Share - Diluted
Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change                  $      0.71      $      0.95       $      1.42
Cumulative effect of accounting change                                             --            (0.30)               --
                                                                          -----------      -----------       -----------
Net income                                                                $      0.71      $      0.65       $      1.42
                                                                          ===========      ===========       ===========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       23
<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  ACCUMULATED      DEFERRED
                                                                     OTHER       COMPENSATION-
                                               COMMON  PAID-IN   COMPREHENSIVE    RESTRICTED     RETAINED    TREASURY
(in thousands)                                  STOCK  CAPITAL       LOSS           STOCK        EARNINGS      STOCK     TOTAL
                                               ------  --------  -------------   -------------   --------    --------   --------
<S>                                            <C>     <C>       <C>             <C>             <C>         <C>        <C>
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2001                       $   47  $ 34,006  $        (356)  $          --   $ 29,359    $ (5,546)  $ 57,510
  Comprehensive income:
       Net income                                  --        --             --              --     21,059          --     21,059
  Change in value of cash flow hedge,
       net of $347 tax benefit                     --        --           (531)             --         --          --       (531)
                                                                                                                        --------
           Total comprehensive income                                                                                     20,528
  Secondary stock offering                         24    76,838             --              --         --          --     76,862
  Shares issued upon acquisition of PBI             2     6,905             --              --         --          --      6,907
  Stock options exercised, including tax
       benefit                                      3     6,340             --              --         --          --      6,343
  Stock split in the form of a stock dividend      75        --             --              --        (75)         --         --
  Dividends paid ($0.0525/share)                   --        --             --              --       (753)         --       (753)
                                               ------  --------  -------------   -------------   --------    --------   --------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2002                       $  151  $124,089  $        (887)  $          --   $ 49,590    $ (5,546)  $167,397
  Comprehensive income:
       Net income                                  --        --             --              --      9,686          --      9,686
  Change in value of cash flow hedge,
       net of $318 tax benefit                     --        --           (484)             --         --          --       (484)
                                                                                                                        --------
       Total comprehensive income                                                                                          9,202
  Issuance of restricted stock                      1       615             --            (616)        --          --         --
  Deferred compensation amortization -
       restricted stock                            --        --             --             205         --          --        205
  Treasury stock purchases                         --        --             --              --         --      (5,864)    (5,864)
  Dividends paid ($0.06/share)                     --        --             --              --       (861)         --       (861)
                                               ------  --------  -------------   -------------   --------    --------   --------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2003                       $  152  $124,704  $      (1,371)  $        (411)  $ 58,415    $(11,410)  $170,079
  Comprehensive income:
       Net income                                  --        --             --              --     10,214          --     10,214
  Change in value of cash flow hedge,
       net of $104 tax benefit                     --        --            163              --         --          --        163
                                                                                                                        --------
           Total comprehensive income                                                                                     10,377
  Issuance of restricted stock                     --       699             --            (699)        --          --         --
  Deferred compensation amortization -
       restricted stock                            --        --             --             380         --          --        380
  Stock options exercised, including tax
       benefit                                     --       149             --              --         --          --        149
  Treasury stock purchases                         --        --             --              --         --        (816)      (816)
  Dividends paid ($0.06/share)                     --        --             --              --       (839)         --       (839)
                                               ------  --------  -------------   -------------   --------    --------   --------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2004                       $  152  $125,552  $      (1,208)  $        (730)  $ 67,790    $(12,226)  $179,330
                                               ======  ========  =============   =============   ========    ========   ========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       24
<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
For the year ended June 30,  (in thousands)                              2004              2003              2002
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
<S>                                                                  <C>               <C>                <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income                                                         $     10,214      $      9,686       $   21,059
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
     flows from operating activities  --
       Depreciation and amortization                                        3,788             2,492            4,453
       Amortization of debt issuance costs                                  1,632             1,425            1,096
       Loss / (gain) from sale of assets                                       73                (3)             333
       Deferred income taxes                                                1,673            (3,463)          (1,796)
       Cumulative effect of accounting change, net                             --             4,249               --
       Decrease (increase) in receivables, net                             42,341           (11,765)          15,478
       (Increase) decrease in inventories                                (115,088)          106,260         (149,204)
       Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets               (8,897)           (1,816)          (5,576)
       Increase (decrease) in accounts payable                            (29,020)          (42,435)          56,626
       Increase in accrued expenses                                        11,221             3,006            4,419
       Other, net                                                          (4,557)           (3,839)          (1,500)
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
         Net cash flows from operating activities                         (86,620)           63,797          (54,612)
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired                        (102,868)               --              961
  Investment in other assets                                                 (200)             (200)            (200)
  Purchases of property and equipment                                      (5,392)           (2,371)          (3,445)
  Proceeds from sale of assets                                                  4                 3              543
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
         Net cash flows from investing activities                        (108,456)           (2,568)          (2,141)
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Borrowings under revolving line of credit                             2,807,387         1,158,172          896,667
  Repayments under revolving line of credit                            (2,609,861)       (1,128,602)        (912,752)
  Repurchase of receivables under securitization agreement                     --           (80,000)              --
  Proceeds from secondary stock offering                                       --                --           76,862
  Payments of long-term debt                                                 (985)             (948)            (757)
  Payments of capital lease obligations                                      (271)             (249)            (236)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                      96                --            2,260
  Payment for termination of derivative instrument                         (1,047)               --               --
  Payment of dividends                                                       (839)             (861)            (753)
  Dividends paid by affiliate                                                (390)             (330)            (300)
  Purchase of treasury stock                                                 (816)           (5,864)              --
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
       Net cash flows from financing activities                           193,274           (58,682)          60,991
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
       (Decrease) increase in cash                                         (1,802)            2,547            4,238
Cash, beginning of period                                                  14,301            11,754            7,516
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
Cash, end of period                                                      $ 12,499          $ 14,301         $ 11,754
                                                                     ------------      ------------       ----------
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
  Cash paid during the period for  --
       Interest                                                        $   12,119         $   9,605         $  9,258
       Income taxes, net                                               $    3,156         $   7,241         $ 11,076
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                       25
<PAGE>

                 D&K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

      The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all
divisions and wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc. (the Company). All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions are eliminated.

Fiscal Year

      The Company's fiscal year end is June 30. References to years relate to
fiscal years rather than calendar years unless otherwise stated.

Concentration of Credit Risk

      The Company is a full-service, regional wholesale pharmaceutical drug
distributor. From facilities in Missouri, Kentucky, Minnesota, Arkansas, South
Dakota and Texas, the Company distributes a broad range of branded and generic
pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter health and beauty aid products to its
customers in more than 27 states. The Company is focused on serving the unique
needs of independent and regional pharmacies.

      In 2004, sales to one customer represented approximately 7% of total net
sales. In 2003, sales to one customer represented approximately 9% of total net
sales. In 2002, sales to one customer represented approximately 24% of total net
sales.

Use of Estimates

      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Revenue Recognition

      Revenue is recognized when products are shipped or services are provided
to customers and the Company has no further obligation with respect to such
products or services. Revenues as reflected in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations are net of sales returns and allowances. The Company
recognizes sales returns as a reduction of revenue and cost of sales for the
sales price and cost, respectively. Our customer return policy generally allows
customers to return products only if the products have the ability to be added
back to inventory and resold at full value or can be returned to suppliers for
credit. Rebates received from suppliers are recognized as a reduction in cost of
sales at the time the product is sold. Shipping and handling costs associated
with the shipment of goods are recorded as operating expenses in the
consolidated statements of operations, which amounted to $7.3 million, $4.6
million and $4.5 million in 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively.

      During 2002, the Company had $70.5 million of "dock-to-dock" sales, which
are excluded from net sales due to the Company's policy of recording only the
commission on such transactions as a reduction against cost of goods sold in the
consolidated statements of operations. The Company had no dock-to-dock sales in
2004 and 2003. Dock-to-dock sales represent large volume sales of
pharmaceuticals to major self-warehousing retail chain pharmacies whereby the
Company acts as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products
to the customers' warehouses.

Stock-Based Compensation

      The Company has adopted the disclosure requirements of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 148, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation - Transition and Disclosure." SFAS 148 amends SFAS 123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation," to provide alternative methods of transition for
a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
compensation and also amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS 123 to require
prominent disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the
methods of

                                       26
<PAGE>

accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method
used on reported results. As permitted by SFAS 148 and SFAS 123, the Company
continues to apply the accounting provisions of Accounting Principles Board
("APB") Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees."

      The Company generally grants its stock options at exercise prices equal to
the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant and,
therefore, under APB 25, no compensation expense is recognized in the statements
of operations.

      The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of the grant
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the following
weighted-average assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          2004         2003            2002
                                       ---------     ---------      ---------
<S>                                    <C>           <C>            <C>
Risk free interest rates                 2.91%         3.05%          4.19%
Expected life of options               4.0 years     4.0 years      5.0 years
Volatility of stock price                 81%           61%            43%
Expected dividend yield                 0.002%        0.002%         0.002%
Fair value of options granted            $9.64        $10.82         $10.50
</TABLE>

      Had the Company recorded compensation expense based on the estimated grant
date fair values, as defined by SFAS 123, for awards granted under its stock
option plans and stock purchase plan, the pro forma net income and earnings per
share would have been as follows (in thousands, except per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             2004           2003              2002
                                                                         ----------       ----------       ----------
<S>                                                                      <C>              <C>              <C>
Net income - as reported                                                 $   10,214       $    9,686       $   21,059
Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation expense
determined under fair value based method for all awards, net of tax          (1,354)          (1,454)          (2,059)
Net income  - pro forma                                                  $    8,860       $    8,232       $   19,000
Earnings per share:
     Basic - as reported                                                 $     0.73       $     0.68       $     1.48
     Basic - pro forma                                                   $     0.64       $     0.58       $     1.33
     Diluted - as reported                                               $     0.71       $     0.65       $     1.42
     Diluted - pro forma                                                 $     0.62       $     0.56       $     1.29
</TABLE>

      These pro forma amounts may not be representative of the effects for
future years as options vest over several years and additional awards are
generally granted each year.

Restricted Cash

      Restricted cash of $12.5 million and $14.3 million, respectively, at June
30, 2004 and June 30, 2003, represents cash receipts from customers that must be
used to reduce borrowings under the credit facility and are included in cash.

Receivables

      Receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest.
The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company's best estimate of the amount
of probable credit losses in the Company's existing receivables. The Company
determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience. The Company
reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts monthly. Account balances are
charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been
exhausted and the potential for recovery is remote.

Inventories

      Inventories consist of pharmaceutical drugs and related over-the-counter
items, which are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
the first-in, first-out method. Reserves are established for our inventory to
reflect situations in which the cost of the inventory is not expected to be
recovered. Provisions for inventory reserves are recorded as part of cost of
sales.

                                       27
<PAGE>

Property and Equipment

      Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation
and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are charged to operations
primarily using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated
useful lives of the various classes of assets, which vary from two to 30 years,
or the lease term for leasehold improvements. For income tax purposes,
accelerated depreciation methods are used. Repairs and maintenance costs are
expensed as incurred.

Intangible Assets

      Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization.
Amortization is determined using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the related assets.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

      SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived
Assets," establishes a single accounting model for long-lived assets to be
disposed of. Adopting this standard did not have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.

      In accordance with SFAS No. 144, long-lived assets are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to
be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the
asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed
of would be separately presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer
depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposed group classified as held
for sale would be presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability
sections of the balance sheet.

Goodwill

      The Company accounts for goodwill under SFAS 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets," which requires the Company to review for impairment of
goodwill on an annual basis, and between annual tests whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The
Company performed its goodwill impairment tests upon adoption of SFAS 142 and
again as of April 30, 2004. Upon adoption of SFAS 142 on July 1, 2002, the
Company ceased amortization of its existing net goodwill balance. Prior to
adoption of SFAS 142, goodwill was amortized on a straight-line basis over the
expected periods to be benefited and assessed for recoverability by determining
whether the amortization of the goodwill balance over its remaining life could
be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows of the acquired
operation. See Note 3 for further information regarding the adoption of SFAS 142
and the on-going impact.

Interest Rate Risk Management

      In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activities", as amended by SFAS No. 138
"Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities",
all derivative instruments are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet and
all changes in fair value are recorded to earnings or to stockholders' equity
through other comprehensive income. The Company does not use derivative
instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

Income Taxes

      Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for estimated future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective basis
for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured and
recorded using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled.

Book Overdrafts

                                       28
<PAGE>


      Accounts payable includes book overdrafts (outstanding checks) of $12.2
million and $10.4 million at June 30, 2004 and June 30, 2003, respectively.

Stockholders' Equity

      Treasury Stock. In May 1999, the board of directors authorized the
repurchase of up to 600,000 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock.
592,800 shares were acquired in the open market during the twelve-month period
from the date of authorization. In September 2002, the board of directors
authorized the repurchase of up to 1.0 million shares, which expired in
September 2003. During fiscal 2004, an additional 56,500 shares were repurchased
under this authorization bring the total number of shares repurchased to
656,500.

      Authorization of additional shares of Common Stock. In January 2002, the
Board of Directors amended the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company to
increase the number of authorized shares of common stock to 25 million shares.

      Stock Split. On March 13, 2002, the Company declared a two-for-one stock
split in the form of a stock dividend that was distributed on April 12, 2002 to
shareholders of record on March 29, 2002. All share and per share amounts
included in the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to
retroactively reflect this stock split.

      Deferred compensation - restricted stock. The Company issued restricted
shares of stock to certain key management personnel in 2004 and 2003. This stock
will vest three years from the date of grant. The Company recorded the cost of
the stock at the time of grant as deferred compensation and will amortize this
cost over the vesting period.

Earnings per Share

      Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, "Earnings per Share"
(SFAS No. 128) requires a dual presentation of basic and diluted earnings per
share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that would
occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or
converted into common stock. All share and per share amounts have been stated in
accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 128 (see Note 13).

NOTE 2. ACQUISITIONS:

      On December 5, 2003, the Company acquired 100 percent of the outstanding
common stock of Walsh HealthCare Solutions, Inc. ("Walsh") of Texarkana, Texas.
Walsh is a full-service pharmaceutical distributor with distribution centers
located in San Antonio, Texas and Paragould, Arkansas. The results of Walsh have
been included in the condensed consolidated financial statements since that
date. The aggregate purchase price of $104.4 million in cash before
consideration of cash acquired includes the repayment of all Walsh bank debt and
other direct acquisition costs. D&K utilized its existing revolving credit
facility to finance the transaction.

      The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. The Company is in
the process of finalizing the valuation of certain assets and liabilities
acquired. Thus, the allocation of the purchase price is subject to refinement.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                 At December 5, 2003
                                                               -------------------
<S>                                                            <C>
Current assets                                                      $154,289
Property and equipment                                                11,574
Other assets                                                             994
Intangible assets                                                      5,199
Goodwill                                                              19,485
                                                                    --------
     Total assets acquired                                           191,541
                                                                    --------
Current liabilities                                                   82,356
Long-term liabilities                                                  4,771
                                                                    --------
     Total liabilities assumed                                        87,127
                                                                    --------
            Net assets acquired                                     $104,414
                                                                    ========
</TABLE>

                                       29
<PAGE>

      The $5.2 million of acquired intangible assets has a weighted-average life
of approximately 10 years. The intangible assets that make up that amount
include customer relationships of $5.1 million (10-year weighted-average useful
life) and other assets of $0.1 million (3-year weighted-average useful life).
The $19.5 million of goodwill was assigned to the wholesale distribution
segment. Of that amount, none is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

      The following unaudited pro forma information presents a summary of
consolidated results of operations of the Company and Walsh for the periods
indicated as if the acquisition had occurred at July 1, 2002, with pro forma
adjustments to give effect to amortization of intangible assets, interest
expense on acquisition debt and certain other adjustments, together with related
income tax effects. The unaudited pro forma information has been prepared for
comparative purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of results of
operations had these transactions been completed as of the assumed dates or
which may be obtained in the future (in thousands, except per share amounts).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Twelve Months Ended
                                                           June 30,
                                                 -----------------------------
                                                     2004              2003
                                                 ------------      -----------
<S>                                              <C>               <C>
Net sales                                        $  2,881,728      $ 3,075,889

Net income before discontinued operations
and cumulative effect of accounting change       $      1,662      $    18,256

Net income                                       $        106      $    11,315

Diluted earnings per share                       $       0.00      $      0.77
</TABLE>

      Pro forma net income for the year ended June 30, 2004 included adjustments
of $11.0 million ($6.7 million, net of tax) recorded by Walsh prior to
acquisition relating to, among other items, accounts receivable determined by
Walsh to be uncollectible, and obsolete inventory. The year ended June 30, 2003
included a gain of $4.1 million ($2.5 million, net of tax) related to the sale
by Walsh of its interest in Walsh Dohmen Southeast, LLC

      In July 2001, as part of the secondary stock offering, the Company
increased its ownership percentage in Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. (PBI) to 68%
and in August 2001, acquired an additional 2%. These additions were accomplished
with individuals exchanging PBI stock for shares of the Company's common stock.
The aggregate purchase price was valued at $6.9 million based on the initial
price of the secondary stock offering for the first increase and the closing
price of the stock for the second increase. This arrangement was part of the
original transaction when we acquired our initial 50% ownership interest. This
transaction was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. Goodwill
recognized in this transaction amounted to $11.3 million, but is not deductible
for tax purposes. Intangible assets other than goodwill recognized in this
transaction amounted to $1.9 million and have a weighted-average useful life of
approximately 15 years.

      In June 2004, the Company reached agreement to acquire the remaining 30%
interest in PBI for $12.4 million. This transaction is subject to certain
financing contingencies, but is expected to close by September 30, 2004. See
Note 5 for further information on PBI.

NOTE 3. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS:

      The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ("SFAS")
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" effective July 1, 2002. Under
the new statement, impairment should be tested at least annually at the
reporting unit level using a two-step impairment test. The reporting unit is the
same as or one level below the operating segment level as described in SFAS
Statement 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information. Under step 1 of this approach, the fair value of the reporting unit
as a whole is compared to the book value of the reporting unit (including
goodwill) and, if a deficiency exists, impairment would need to be calculated.
In step 2, the impairment is measured as the difference between the implied fair
value of goodwill and its carrying amount. The implied fair value of goodwill is
the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit as a whole and the
fair value of the reporting unit's individual assets and liabilities, including
any unrecognized intangible assets. Under this standard, goodwill and
intangibles with indefinite lives are no longer amortized. A discounted cash
flow model was used to determine the fair value of the Company's businesses for
the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment. The discount rate used was based
on a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital.

                                       30
<PAGE>

     The effects of adopting the new standard on net income and earnings per
share for the years ended June 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002 are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      NET INCOME                   BASIC EPS                    DILUTED EPS
                                            ---------------------------   ---------------------------   ----------------------------
(in thousands, except per share amounts)      2004      2003      2002     2004       2003     2002      2004       2003      2002
- ----------------------------------------    -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------   --------  --------
<S>                                         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Net income                                  $10,214   $ 9,686   $21,059   $  0.73   $  0.68   $  1.48   $  0.71   $   0.65  $   1.42
Add: cumulative effect of
    accounting change, net                       --     4,249        --        --      0.30        --        --       0.30        --
                                            ---------------------------   ---------------------------   ----------------------------

Income before cumulative effect
    of accounting change                     10,214    13,935    21,059      0.73      0.98      1.48      0.71       0.95      1.42

Add: goodwill amortization, net of tax           --        --     1,580        --        --      0.11        --         --      0.11
                                            ---------------------------   ---------------------------   ----------------------------

Income before cumulative effect
    of accounting change and
    goodwill amortization                   $10,214   $13,935   $22,639   $  0.73   $  0.98   $  1.59   $  0.71   $   0.95  $   1.53
                                            ===========================   ===========================   ============================
</TABLE>

      As a result of this adoption and assessment, the Company recognized an
impairment loss of approximately $7.0 million ($4.2 million net of tax) during
the first quarter of fiscal 2003. This was recognized as the cumulative effect
of a change in accounting principle. This impairment results from an appraisal
valuation and relates to goodwill originally established for the acquisition of
Jewett Drug Co., which is included in the Company's wholesale drug distribution
segment.

      Changes to goodwill and intangible assets during the year ended June 30,
2004, including the effects of adopting the new accounting standard, are: (in
thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       INTANGIBLE
                                                                       GOODWILL          ASSETS
                                                                       --------        ----------
<S>                                                                    <C>             <C>
Balance at June 30, 2003, net of accumulated amortization                $44,105           $1,810
Acquisition                                                               19,485            5,212
Adjustment to purchase price                                                 643               --
Amortization expense                                                          --             (476)
                                                                         -------           ------
Balance at June 30, 2004, net of accumulated amortization                $64,233           $6,546
                                                                         =======           ======
</TABLE>

      Intangible assets totaled $6.5 million, net of accumulated amortization of
$0.8 million, at June 30, 2004. Of this amount, $0.2 million represents
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, consisting primarily of trade
names that are not being amortized under SFAS No. 142. The remaining intangibles
relate to customer or supplier relationships and licenses which are being
amortized using the straight-line method over periods of 5 to 15 years with an
approximate weighted-average amortization period of 11 years Amortization of
intangible assets totaled $0.5 million in 2004 and is estimated to be
approximately $0.7 million for the next five years.

      Goodwill and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, by
segment is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Goodwill                Intangible Assets
                                 ------------------------    ------------------------
                                   June 30,      June 30,     June 30,      June 30,
(in millions)                       2004           2003         2004          2003
                                 ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
SEGMENT:
Wholesale drug distribution      $     51.8    $     32.3    $      5.0    $      0.2
PBI                                    11.0          10.4           1.5           1.6
Software                                1.4           1.4            --            --
                                 ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
     Total                       $     64.2    $     44.1    $      6.5    $      1.8
                                 ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

                                       31
<PAGE>

NOTE 4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

      Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               JUNE 30, 2004       JUNE 30, 2003
                                                               -------------       -------------
<S>                                                            <C>                 <C>
Land                                                           $       1,010       $         320
Building and improvements                                              5,960               2,115
Fixtures and equipment                                                23,870              15,336
Leasehold improvements                                                 5,514               3,634
Vehicles                                                                 414                 408
                                                               -------------       -------------
                                                                      36,768              21,813
Less - Accumulated depreciation and amortization                     (12,274)            (10,673)
                                                               -------------       -------------
                                                               $      24,494       $      11,140
                                                               =============       =============
</TABLE>

      Total depreciation and amortization relating to property and equipment was
$3.3 million in 2004, $2.3 million in 2003, and $2.1 million in 2002. The
Company leases certain properties under capital leases. Capital lease asset
balances consist of buildings and equipment of $1.3 million at both June 30,
2004 and 2003. Related accumulated amortization amounted to approximately
$680,000 and $502,000, respectively.

NOTE 5. INVESTMENT IN PBI:

      In November 1995, the Company purchased approximately 50% of the capital
stock of Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc. ("PBI"), a Colorado-based group purchasing
organization. Pursuant to the transaction, the Company acquired approximately
50% of the voting and non-voting common stock of PBI for $3.75 million in cash.
The Company's investment in PBI was accounted for under the equity method until
July 2001 at which time an additional 18% ownership interest was acquired and
PBI was consolidated for financial reporting purposes. An additional 2% was
acquired in August 2001 to bring the Company's total ownership to 70%. See Note
2 for further information on the acquisition of the additional 20% interest in
PBI in 2001.

      In connection with its investment in PBI, the Company entered into an
agreement pursuant to which MassMutual, which holds 30% of the capital stock of
PBI, is entitled to exchange its capital stock of PBI with the Company at fair
market value. The Company has the right, and it is its intention, to satisfy
this exchange with cash. If the Company elects not to satisfy the exchange with
cash, the Company could satisfy the exchange with shares of its common stock, in
which case MassMutual would have certain registration rights. If the Company
were to acquire the remaining interest in PBI, the agreement would be for
MassMutual to exchange their interest in PBI for cash.

NOTE 6. LONG-TERM DEBT:

      Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               JUNE 30, 2004     JUNE 30, 2003
                                               -------------     -------------
<S>                                            <C>               <C>
Revolving line of credit with banks            $     306,241     $     108,484
Other, including capital lease obligations             2,128             3,616
                                               -------------     -------------
                                                     308,369           112,100
Less -- Current maturities                              (676)           (1,677)
                                               -------------     -------------
                                               $     307,693     $     110,423
                                               =============     =============
</TABLE>

      On March 31, 2003, the Company entered into a new $600 million credit
facility. The credit facility, an asset-based senior secured revolving credit
facility, increased the Company's available credit from $430 million to $600
million. The new single credit facility replaced a $230 million revolving bank
line of credit and a $200 million accounts receivable securitization program.
Under the credit facility, the total amount of loans and letters of credit
outstanding at any time cannot exceed the lesser of an amount based on
percentages of eligible receivables and inventories (the borrowing base
formula). Total credit available at June 30, 2004 was approximately $390 million
of which approximately $83 million was unused. The interest rate on the new
credit facility is based on the 30-day London Interbank Offering Rate (LIBOR)
plus a factor based on certain financial criteria. The interest rate was 3.59%
at June 30, 2004. The agreement expires in March 2007 and contains no subjective
acceleration provision, and, therefore, the related debt has been classified as
long-term. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee,

                                       32
<PAGE>

which was $100,000 in 2004. In addition, the Company is charged a monthly fee of
0.375% of the unused balance of the facility.

      The Company is required under the terms of its debt agreements to comply
with certain financial covenants, including those related to fixed charge
coverage ratio and tangible net worth. The Company is required to reduce
borrowings by cash received. The Company also is limited in its ability to make
loans and investments, enter into leases, or incur additional debt, among other
things, without the consent of its lenders. The Company is in compliance with
its debt covenants as of June 30, 2004.

      In June 2000, the Company entered into a $965,000 equipment financing
arrangement with a five-year term ending July 2005. The arrangement provides for
monthly payments bearing interest at LIBOR plus 1.95%. The equipment purchased
with the proceeds secures this arrangement.

      At June 30, 2004, maturities of long-term debt, including capital lease
obligations, were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FISCAL YEAR ENDING JUNE 30,
- ---------------------------
<S>                                    <C>
          2005                         $    676
          2006                            1,374
          2007                          306,280
          2008                               --
          2009                               --
       Thereafter                            39
                                       --------
                                       $308,369
                                       ========
</TABLE>

      At June 30, 2004 and June 30, 2003, the fair value of long-term debt
approximated its current carrying value.

NOTE 7. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE SECURITIZATION:

      During 1999, the Company and its wholly owned, bankruptcy-remote
subsidiary ("Seller") established an accounts receivable securitization program.
Under the program, undivided interests in a pool of eligible trade receivables,
which had been sold on a non-recourse basis by the Company to the Seller, were
then sold to a multi-seller, asset backed commercial paper conduit ("Conduit").
Purchases by the Conduit were financed with the sale of highly rated commercial
paper. The Company utilized proceeds from the sale of its accounts receivable to
repay long-term debt, effectively reducing its overall borrowing costs.

The Company's $600 million credit facility, entered into in March 2003, resulted
in the termination of the existing accounts receivable securitization agreement.
As a result, a one-time charge of $2.0 million was incurred during the third
fiscal quarter of 2003. These costs were associated with eliminating a $50
million fixed rate component of the accounts receivable securitization program
that had an interest rate of 4.85%.

NOTE 8. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS:

      In June, 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which was
amended by SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133", which
was required to be adopted in years beginning after June 15, 2000. At June 30,
2004, the Company had recorded a long-term asset of approximately $66,000 and a
long-term liability of approximately $233,000 relating to derivative
instruments. At June 30, 2003, the Company had recorded a long-term asset of
approximately $114,000 and a long-term liability of approximately $2,035,000
relating to derivative instruments.

      Through an interest rate swap agreement, the Company effectively fixed the
interest rate on $100 million of its revolving line of credit at a nominal rate
of 3.15%. This interest rate derivative instrument has been designated as a cash
flow hedge. Such instruments are those that effectively convert variable
interest payments on debt instruments into fixed payments. For qualifying
hedges, SFAS No. 133 and No. 138 allow derivative gains and losses to offset
related results on hedged items in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company formally documents, designates and assesses the effectiveness of
transactions that receive hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of

                                       33
<PAGE>

interest rate agreements designated as hedging instruments of the variability of
cash flows associated with floating-rate debt obligations are reported in
accumulated other comprehensive loss. During fiscal 2004, approximately $163,000
(net of $104,000 of tax) was recorded as other comprehensive income and in
fiscal 2003, $484,000 (net of $318,000 of tax), was recorded as other
comprehensive loss.

      In May 2004, the Company terminated an interest rate swap agreement that
effectively fixed the interest rate on $20 million of its revolving line of
credit at a nominal rate of 6.19%. The termination cost of $1,047,000 is being
amortized on a straight-line basis through August 2005, the original expiration
date of the agreement.

      To hedge a portion of its exposure to variability in cash flows related to
interest payments under the revolving credit facility, on March 28, 2003, the
Company entered into a three-year interest rate cap agreement at a cost of $0.3
million. The notional amount of the instrument is $50 million and it caps the
30-day LIBOR rate at 3.5% in the first year, 4.25% in the second year and 5% in
the third year. The Company's analysis of this hedge under SFAS No. 133, shows
this to be an effective hedge. As such, any change in the intrinsic value of
this instrument will be reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Any
change in time value of this instrument will be reflected on the Company's
statement of operations.

NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

      The Company leases office and warehouse space and other equipment through
noncancelable operating leases. Rental expense under operating leases was $5.2
million, $3.4 million, and $2.9 million in 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively.
Minimum rental payments under these leases with initial or remaining terms of
one year or more at June 30, 2004, are $30.9 million and payments during the
succeeding five years are: 2005, $6.0 million; 2006, $5.6 million; 2007, $4.7
million; 2008, $4.0 million; 2009, $3.5 million; and thereafter $7.1 million.

      In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to financial
instruments with off-balance-sheet risk, such as standby letters of credit and
other guarantees, which are not reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. At
June 30, 2004, the Company was party to standby letters of credit of $0.75
million and was the guarantor of certain customer obligations totaling
approximately $260,000. Management does not expect any material losses to result
from these off-balance-sheet items.

      The Company has entered into an agreement with Parata Systems, LLC to
become the exclusive distributor of their robotic dispensing system (RDS) for
independent and regional pharmacies in a 23-state region and Puerto Rico. The
Parata RDS is specifically designed to meet the needs of retail pharmacies by
automating up to 150 prescriptions per hour. The RDS uses a bar-coded
maintenance system to ensure accuracy and eliminate potential for operator
error. The Parata RDS can be a significant tool to increase efficiency,
effectiveness and accuracy, and provide pharmacists with more time for
interactions with patients. As part of the agreement, the Company has committed
to purchase machines during a period that ends March 2006. At June 30, 2004, the
remaining purchase commitment was approximately $32 million.

      During 2004, the Company recorded gains totaling $3.1 million ($1.9
million net of tax) related to the settlement of two class action lawsuits.
These gains were treated as a reduction to cost of sales in the period that they
occurred.

      On February 5, 2004, an individual named Gary Dutton filed a complaint in
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri against
the Company and its Chief Executive, Operating and Financial Officers
("Defendants") asserting a class action for alleged breach of fiduciary duties
and violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint alleges that the
Company's press releases and reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission between April 23, 2001 and September 16, 2002 were materially false
and misleading in that they failed to disclose that the Company's results were
based, in material part, on arrangements with a single supplier which the
Company allegedly knew could not be sustained. The complaint also claims that as
a result of the alleged omissions, the market prices of the Company's common
shares during the period were artificially inflated. The complaint seeks
unspecified compensatory damages. The Company believes that the complaint
describes types of transactions in which the Company has not engaged, contains a
number of inaccurate statements, does not state any valid cause of action and
that the Company will have substantial meritorious defenses to the complaint.
The Court has not selected lead class counsel and the Company has not yet had an
opportunity to assert its defenses to the complaint. The Defendants intend to
vigorously defend the claims.

                                       34
<PAGE>

      There are various pending claims and lawsuits arising out of the normal
course of the Company's business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate
outcome of these claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on
the financial position or results of operations of the Company. However, there
can be no assurance that these claims and lawsuits will not have such an impact.

NOTE 10. STOCK OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK:

      In 1992, the Company adopted a Long-Term Incentive Plan that authorized
the Stock Option and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the
Committee) to grant key employees and officers of the Company incentive or
non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares,
restricted shares and performance units. Options to purchase up to 400,000
shares of common stock were authorized under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. The
Committee determines the price (which may not be less than fair market value on
the date of grant) and terms at which awards may be granted, along with the
duration of the restriction periods and performance targets. In 1999, the
Company's shareholders approved an Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan
(Long-Term Incentive Plan) that increased the number of shares available for
grant to 1,700,000 shares. Stock options granted under the Long-Term Incentive
Plan are not exercisable earlier than six months from the date of grant (except
in the case of death or disability of the employee holding the same), nor later
than ten years from the date of grant.

      In February 1993, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the D&K
Wholesale Drug, Inc. 1993 Stock Option Plan (the 1993 Plan) to grant key
employees of the Company non-qualified stock options to purchase up to 700,000
shares of the Company's common stock. The 1993 Plan is administered by the
Company's Board of Directors, which determines the price and terms at which
awards may be granted. Stock options granted under the 1993 Plan are immediately
exercisable from the date of grant and expire not later than ten years from the
date of grant. The exercise price of all options granted pursuant to the 1993
Plan was equal to the fair market value of stock on the respective dates of
grant.

      In November 2001, the Board of Directors adopted, and the Company's
shareholders approved, the 2001 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2001 Plan). Under
the 2001 Plan, the Committee may grant to directors, officers and key employees
of the Company up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 incentive or non-qualified stock
options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted shares and
performance units. The Committee determines the price of stock options, which
may not be less than the fair market value on the date of grant. Stock options
granted under the 2001 Plan vest over a three year period from the date of
grant, and may be exercised no later than five years from the date of grant.

      The following tables summarize information about options at June 30, 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Options                                 Options Exercisable
                         -------------------------------------------------     -------------------------------
                                      Weighted Average
                            Number       Remaining        Weighted Average       Number      Weighted Average
Range of Exercise Price  Outstanding  Contractual Life     Exercise Price      Exercisable    Exercise Price
- -----------------------  -----------  ----------------    ----------------     -----------   -----------------
<S>                      <C>          <C>                 <C>                  <C>           <C>
$1.875 to $6.900            540,616      6.10 years           $  6.17             540,616        $  6.17
$6.901 to $11.700           129,700      5.20 years           $  9.07              98,237        $  9.00
$11.701 to $16.500          302,000      3.91 years           $ 15.86               1,667        $ 14.10
$16.501 to $21.300          245,000      7.13 years           $ 20.66             245,000        $ 20.66
$12.301 to $26.100          145,000      3.35 years           $ 24.46              55,000        $ 24.42
$26.101 to $30.8550         140,400      2.68 years           $ 30.59              93,600        $ 30.59
                          ---------                                             --------
                          1,502,716      5.17 years           $ 14.78           1,034,120        $ 13.06
                          =========                                             =========
</TABLE>

      Changes in options outstanding under the Company's stock option plans are
as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     Number of         Weighted Average
                                      Shares            Exercise Price
                                     ---------         ----------------
<S>                                  <C>               <C>
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2001         1,053,396                5.69
     Granted                           477,000               24.09
     Exercised                        (424,946)               4.75
     Forfeitures                       (13,334)               6.50
                                     ---------               -----
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2002         1,092,116               13.69
</TABLE>

                                       35
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                  <C>               <C>
     Granted                           202,200               20.47
     Exercised                              --                  --
     Forfeitures                        (6,000)              30.86
                                     ---------             -------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2003         1,288,316             $ 15.01
     Granted                           315,000               15.92
     Exercised                         (15,000)              10.69
     Forfeitures                       (85,600)              23.19
                                     ---------             -------
OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2004         1,502,716             $ 14.78
</TABLE>

      Stock options exercisable at June 30, 2004, June 30, 2003, and June 30,
2002 were 1,034,120, 940,785, and 874,773, respectively, with a weighted average
exercise price of $13.06, $12.28, and $11.95, respectively. Shares available to
be granted at June 30, 2004, June 30, 2003, and June 30, 2002 were 329,433,
604,636, and 841,000, respectively.

      The Company issued restricted shares of stock to certain key management
personnel in 2004 and 2003. This stock will vest three years from the date of
grant. The Company recorded the cost of the stock at the time of grant as
deferred compensation and will amortize this cost over the vesting period. This
expense was $380,000 and $205,000 in 2004 and 2003, respectively.

NOTE 11. INCOME TAXES:

      The components of the income tax provision were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               2004        2003          2002
                             --------    --------     ---------
<S>                          <C>         <C>          <C>
Current tax provision        $  5,283    $  9,394     $  15,909
Deferred tax provision          1,673        (336)       (1,796)
                             --------    --------     ---------
Income tax provision         $  6,956    $  9,058     $  14,113
                             ========    ========     =========
</TABLE>

      The actual income tax provision differs from the expected income tax
provision, computed by applying the U.S. statutory Federal tax rates of 35.0% in
2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively, to income before income tax provision, as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             2004             2003             2002
                                                                           -------          -------         ---------
<S>                                                                        <C>              <C>             <C>
Expected income tax provision                                              $ 6,284          $ 8,297         $  12,569
Amortization of intangible assets not deductible for income tax purposes        --               --               120
State income taxes, net of Federal benefit                                     450              775             1,276
Other, net                                                                     222              (14)              148
                                                                           -------          -------          --------
                                                                           $ 6,956          $ 9,058          $ 14,113
                                                                           =======          =======          ========
</TABLE>

      At June 30, 2004 and June 30, 2003, the tax effects of temporary
differences that give rise to significant portions of the Company's deferred tax
assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       2004           2003
                                                       ----           ----
<S>                                                <C>              <C>
Deferred tax assets:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts               $   2,557        $     641
     Accrued expenses                                  4,022            1,463
     Capital lease obligations                            53               53
     Inventories                                       2,800              909
     Net operating loss and AMT carryforwards          2,543              641
     Costs related to derivative instruments             360              814
     Property and equipment                              444               32
     Intangibles                                          --              376
     Other                                               369              334
                                                   ---------        ---------
     Total deferred tax assets                     $  13,148        $   5,263
                                                   ---------        ---------
Deferred tax liabilities:
     Property and equipment                        $  (2,807)       $      --

</TABLE>

                                       36
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                <C>              <C>
     Inventories                                          --               --
     Intangibles                                      (3,422)              --
     Prepaid expenses                                   (784)            (600)
     Accounts receivable                                  --               --
     Other                                            (1,046)            (552)
                                                   ---------        ---------
         Total deferred tax liabilities            $  (8,059)       $  (1,152)
                                                   ---------        ---------
     Net deferred tax assets                       $   5,089        $   4,111
                                                   =========        =========
</TABLE>

      The use of pre-acquisition operating losses is subject to limitations
imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or individual states and if not utilized by
the Company, the net operating loss carryforwards will expire beginning in 2007.
The Company acquired net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $2.6
million and alternative minimum tax carryforwards of approximately $0.9 million
in the Walsh transaction. The net operating loss carryforwards expire in 2022
and the alternative minimum tax carryforwards have no expiration date. In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. The Company considers the
scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income
and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of
historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the
periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, the Company believes it
is more likely than not that the benefit of these deductible differences will be
realized.

NOTE 12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

      The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) plan covering substantially
all of its employees. Plan participants may contribute up to 20% of their annual
compensation, subject to certain limitations. The Company contribution is
discretionary and was equivalent to 50% of employees' contributions up to a
maximum contribution based on 6% of eligible compensation. Company match
expenses related to the plan were $373,000 in 2004, $339,000 in 2003, and
$260,000 in 2002. Jewett Drug Company (Jewett) had a defined contribution
401(k)/profit sharing plan covering substantially all of its employees prior to
becoming part of the Company's 401(k) plan in January 2003. Jewett made a
discretionary contribution of $100,000 to its plan in 2002. Jewett also
participates in the Central States Pension, a multi-employer pension plan, on
behalf of its union employees in accordance with the union agreement. The
expenses relating to this plan during 2004, 2003 and 2002 were approximately
$27,000, $24,000 and $21,000, respectively.

      The Company also has an executive retirement benefit plan, implemented in
1998, that provides supplemental pre-retirement life insurance plus supplemental
retirement income to key executives. The life insurance benefit is calculated at
three times the participant's annual salary. The retirement income benefit is
provided through discretionary contributions to each participant's account,
which vest 20% annually and are fully vested upon attaining age 65. Upon
retirement, the accumulated account balance is paid to the participant over 15
years in quarterly benefit payments. The Company's expense related to the plan
was $75,000 in 2002. In July 2002, this plan was terminated with participants
receiving their vested retirement income benefit balance in the plan. There was
no income statement impact as a result of this termination. The life insurance
benefit will continue for each participant.

NOTE 13. EARNINGS PER SHARE:

      SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share", requires dual presentation of basic
and diluted earnings per share and requires reconciliation of the numerators and
denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation. The
reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted
earnings per common share computations are as follows (in thousands, except for
shares and per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           2004
                                                        -------------------------------------------
                                                          Income          Shares          Per-Share
                                                        (Numerator)    (Denominator)        Amount
                                                        -----------    ------------       ---------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>                <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders         $ 10,214       13,934,546         $ 0.73

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
     Options                                                   --          202,498
     Convertible securities                                  (202)              --
                                                         --------       ----------
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders plus
         assumed conversions                             $ 10,012       14,137,044         $ 0.71
                                                         ========       ==========
</TABLE>

                                       37
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            2003
                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                           Income          Shares         Per-Share
                                                         (Numerator)    (Denominator)       Amount
                                                         ----------     -------------     ---------
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>               <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders           $ 13,935      14,327,646         $0.98

         Cumulative effect of accounting change, net         (4,249)             --         (0.30)
                                                           --------      ----------         -----
                                                              9,686                         $0.68

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
     Options                                                     --         185,470
     Convertible securities                                    (182)             --
                                                           --------      ----------
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders plus
         assumed conversions                               $  9,504      14,513,116         $0.65
                                                           ========      ==========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            2002
                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                           Income          Shares         Per-Share
                                                         (Numerator)    (Denominator)       Amount
                                                         ----------     -------------     ---------
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>               <C>
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders           $ 21,059      14,246,751         $1.48

EFFECT OF DILUTED SECURITIES:
     Options                                                     --         419,852
     Convertible securities                                    (169)         11,178
                                                           --------         -------
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE:
     Net income available to common shareholders plus
         assumed conversions                               $ 20,890      14,677,781         $1.42
                                                           ========      ==========
</TABLE>


      As of June 30, 2004 and 2003, stock options to purchase 0.8 million, 0.6
million shares respectively were not dilutive and therefore not included in the
diluted earnings per share calculation. At June 30, 2002, all shares were
dilutive.


NOTE 14. EFFECT OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS:

      In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133
on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 149 amends SFAS No.
133 for decisions made as part of the FASB's Derivatives Implementation Group
process, other FASB projects dealing with financial instruments, and in
connection with implementation issues raised in relation to the application of
the definition of a derivative. This statement is generally effective for
contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging
relationships designated after June 30, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 149 did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

      In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, "Accounting for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity"
("SFAS 150"). SFAS 150 modifies the accounting for certain financial instruments
that, under previous guidance, issuers could account for as equity. SFAS 150
requires that those instruments be classified as liabilities in statements of
financial position and affects an issuer's accounting for (1) mandatorily
redeemable shares, which the issuing company is obligated to buy back in
exchange for cash or other assets, (2) instruments, other than outstanding
shares, that do or may require the issuer to buy back some of its shares in
exchange for cash or other assets, or (3) obligations that can be settled with
shares, the monetary value of which is fixed, tied solely or predominantly to a
variable such as a market index, or varies inversely with the value of the
issuer's shares. In addition to its requirements for the classification and
measurement of financial instruments within its scope, SFAS 150 also requires
disclosures about alternative ways of settling those instruments and the capital
structure of entities, all of whose shares are mandatorily redeemable. SFAS 150
is effective for financial instruments entered into or modified after May 31,
2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first interim period
beginning after June 15, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 150 did not have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.

NOTE 15. BUSINESS SEGMENTS:

      Pursuant to SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and
Related Information," the Company has three identifiable business segments:
Wholesale drug distribution, the Company's interest in PBI, and Software/Other.
Two wholly owned software subsidiaries, Tykon, Inc. and Viking Computer
Services, Inc., and the

                                       38
<PAGE>

newly formed D&K Pharmacy Solutions constitute the Software/Other segment.
Viking markets a pharmacy management software system and Tykon developed and
markets a proprietary PC-based order entry/order confirmation system to the drug
distribution industry. Pharmacy Solutions provides additional services to
pharmacy customers including the marketing and distributing Parata robotic
dispensing systems.

      Though the Wholesale drug distribution segment operates from several
different facilities, the nature of its products and services, the types of
customers and the methods used to distribute its products are similar and thus
they have been aggregated for presentation purposes. Sales to independent and
regional pharmacies consist of branded pharmaceuticals (approximately 89% of net
sales in fiscal 2004), generic pharmaceuticals (approximately 8% of net sales in
fiscal 2004) and over-the-counter health and beauty aid products (approximately
3% of net sales in fiscal 2004). Our national accounts business deals
predominantly with branded pharmaceuticals. The Company operates principally in
the United States. Interest and corporate expenses are allocated to wholly owned
subsidiaries only. Assets have been identified with the segment to which they
relate.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 For the Years Ended
                                                   -------------------------------------------------
(in thousands)                                     JUNE 30, 2004     JUNE 30, 2003     JUNE 30, 2002
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
<S>                                                <C>               <C>               <C>
Sales to unaffiliated customers  -
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $   2,528,577     $   2,213,257     $   2,444,290
     PBI                                                   8,823             7,768             7,539
     Software and Other                                    3,790             2,363             1,919
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $   2,541,190     $   2,223,388     $   2,453,748
Intersegment sales --
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $          --     $          --     $          --
     PBI                                                      --                --                --
     Software and Other                                       --                --             1,197
     Intersegment eliminations                                --                --            (1,197)
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $          --     $          --     $          --
Gross profit --
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $      92,401     $      81,193     $      92,578
     PBI  (2)                                              8,823             7,768             7,539
     Software and Other                                    2,171             1,738             2,714
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $     103,395     $      90,699     $     102,831
Depreciation and amortization --
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $       3,698     $       2,410     $       4,107
     PBI                                                      53                47                97
     Software and Other                                       31                35               249
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $       3,782     $       2,492     $       4,453
Interest expense --
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $      14,241     $      10,680     $       9,955
     PBI                                                     240               336               380
     Software and Other                                       50                54                51
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $      14,531     $      11,070     $      10,386
Earnings before income tax provision --
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $      13,079     $      19,424     $      31,271
     PBI                                                   4,152             3,833             4,029
     Software and Other                                      723               449               610
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $      17,954     $      23,706     $      35,910
Purchases of property and equipment --
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $       4,411     $         679     $         988
     PBI                                                     363                33                40
     Software and Other                                      126                 5                23
     Other unallocated Corporate amounts                     492             1,654             2,394
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $       5,392     $       2,371     $       3,445
Identifiable assets --
     Wholesale drug distribution                   $     709,189     $     450,263     $     464,494
     PBI                                                   4,821             4,448             3,810
     Software and Other                                   14,815             2,693             2,301
     Other unallocated Corporate amounts (1)              14,880            15,291            12,533
                                                   -------------     -------------     -------------
         TOTAL                                     $     743,705     $     472,695     $     483,138
</TABLE>

                                       39
<PAGE>

   (1) Amounts represent assets at corporate headquarters consisting primarily
       of deferred tax assets, property and equipment and deferred debt costs.

   (2) Cost of operations recorded by PBI of $4.4 million, $3.6 million, and
       $3.2 million, respectively, have been classified as operating expenses in
       the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.

NOTE 16. QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

      Quarterly results are determined in accordance with annual accounting
policies. They include certain items based upon estimates for the entire year.
Summarized quarterly results for the last two years were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands, except per share data)                         2004 QUARTER                          2004
                                           ------------------------------------------------      ----------
                                            FIRST         SECOND        THIRD       FOURTH          YEAR
                                           --------      --------      --------    --------      ----------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>           <C>
Net sales                                  $478,548      $510,945      $833,933    $717,764      $2,541,190
Gross profit                                 18,088        19,455 (1)    35,177      30,675 (1)     103,395
Net income                                    1,467           177         5,404       3,166          10,214

Basic earnings per share                   $   0.11      $   0.01      $   0.39    $   0.23      $     0.73
Diluted earnings per share                     0.10          0.01          0.38        0.22            0.71
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands, except per share data)                         2003 QUARTER                          2003
                                          -------------------------------------------------      ----------
                                            FIRST         SECOND        THIRD       FOURTH          YEAR
                                          ---------      --------      --------    --------      ----------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>           <C>
Net sales                                  $533,966      $530,843      $628,618    $529,961      $2,223,388
Gross profit                                 21,053        21,222        27,018      21,406          90,699
Net income                                   (1,387)        2,675         4,235       4,163           9,686

Basic earnings (loss) per share           ($   0.09)     $   0.18      $   0.30    $   0.30      $     0.68
Diluted earnings (loss) per share             (0.10)         0.18          0.29        0.29            0.65
</TABLE>

(1) Include gains from legal settlements of $0.8 million in the second quarter
and $2.3 million in the fourth quarter.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

      None

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

      Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(c) as of the end of
the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure
controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2004 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal controls over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information.

      None.

                                       40
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

      The information set forth under the caption "Election of Directors" in the
Proxy Statement for our 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2004 Proxy
Statement") is incorporated herein by this reference. We will file the 2004
Proxy Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year.

      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

      The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code")
that applies to all companies, their officers, directors and employees. This
Code and the charters of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate
Governance committees are posted on the Company's website at
www.dkhealthcare.com. The Company intends to post any amendments to or waivers
from the Code on our website.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

      The information set forth under the captions "Directors' Fees" and
"Compensation of Executive Officers" in the 2004 Proxy Statement, to be filed
with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, is incorporated
herein by this reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

      The information set forth under the captions "Voting Securities and
Principal Holders Thereof" and "Security Ownership By Management" in the 2004
Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act, is incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

      The information set forth under the caption "Certain Transactions" in the
2004 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act, is incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

      A description of the fees paid to our independent auditors will be set
forth in the section titled "Independent Public Accountants" of the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                       41
<PAGE>

                                    PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

      (a)   (1) Financial statements: See Item 8 above.

            (2) The following financial statement schedule and auditors' report
                  thereon are included in Part IV of this report:

                                                                      Page

                  Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts      44

                  Schedules other than those listed above have been omitted
                  because they are either not required or not applicable or
                  because the information is presented in the consolidated
                  financial statements or the notes thereto.

            (3) Exhibits.

                  See Exhibit Index.

      (b) Reports on Form 8-K

          On April 21, 2004, the registrant filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
          to furnish as an exhibit registrant's press release announcing its
          results for its fiscal 2004 third quarter and first nine months.

      (c) See Item 15(a)(3) above.

      (d) See Item 15(a)(2) above.

                                       42
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                            D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.
                                                      (Registrant)

                                        By /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                                           ---------------------------------
                                           J. Hord Armstrong, III, Chairman
                                           of the Board,
                                           Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer

Date:  September 13, 2004

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Signature                           Title                                                  Date
- ---------                           -----                                                  ----
<S>                                 <C>                                             <C>
/s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III          Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,              September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------      Treasurer and Director
J. Hord Armstrong, III

/s/ Martin D. Wilson                President, Chief Operating Officer              September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------      and Director
Martin D. Wilson

/s/ Thomas S. Hilton                Senior Vice President, Chief Financial          September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------      Officer (Principal financial and
Thomas S. Hilton                    accounting officer)

/s/ Richard F. Ford                 Director                                        September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------
Richard F. Ford

/s/ Bryan H. Lawrence               Director                                        September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------
Bryan H. Lawrence

/s/ Mary Ann Van Lokeren            Director                                        September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------
Mary Ann Van Lokeren

/s/ Thomas F. Patton                Director                                        September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------
Thomas F. Patton

/s/ Louis B. Susman                 Director                                        September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------
Louis B. Susman

/s/ Harvey C. Jewett, IV            Director                                        September 13, 2004
- ------------------------------
Harvey C. Jewett, IV
</TABLE>

                                       43
<PAGE>

               D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS FOR FISCAL 2002, FISCAL 2003,
                                AND FISCAL 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Additions
                                                    ------------------------------
                                  Balance at        Charged to                                              Balance at
                                   Beginning        Costs and                                                 End of
        Description                of Period         Expenses         Acquisitions        Deductions          Period
        -----------               ----------        ----------        ------------        ----------        ----------
<S>                               <C>               <C>               <C>                <C>                <C>
Valuation Allowances for
Doubtful Receivables:

Fiscal Year 2002                  $ 2,197,000       $ 525,000         $         --       $ (1,348,000)      $1,374,000
                                  ===========       =========         ============       =============      ==========
Fiscal Year 2003                  $ 1,374,000       $ 230,000         $         --       $         --       $1,604,000
                                  ===========       =========         ============       =============      ==========
Fiscal Year 2004                  $ 1,604,000       $ 333,000         $  3,776,000       $   (269,000)      $5,444,000
                                  ===========       =========         ============       =============      ==========
</TABLE>

                                       44
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.                          Description

2.1*         Stock Purchase and Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 30,
             1995, by and among Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc., J. David McCay, The
             J. David McCay Living Trust, Robert E. Korenblat and the registrant
             filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
             for the year ended March 28, 1997.

2.2*         Stock Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 1999 by and between the
             registrant and Harvey C. Jewett, IV, filed as an exhibit to Form
             8-K dated June 14, 1999.

3.1*         Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed as an exhibit to
             registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No.
             33-48730).

3.2*         Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of
             Incorporation of D&K Wholesale Drug, Inc filed as an exhibit to the
             registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
             1998.

3.3*         Certificate of Designations for Series B Junior Participating
             Preferred Stock of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
             quarter ended March 31, 2001.

3.4*         By-laws of the registrant, as currently in effect, filed as an
             exhibit to registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg.
             No. 33-48730).

3.5*         Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of D&K
             Healthcare Resources, Inc., dated March 13, 2002, filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
             quarter ended March 31, 2002.

4.1*         Form of certificate for Common Stock, filed as an exhibit to
             registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No.
             33-48730).

4.2*         Form of Rights Agreement dated as of November 12, 1998 between
             registrant and Harris Trust and Savings Bank as Rights Agent, which
             includes as Exhibit B the form of Right Certificate, filed as an
             exhibit to Form 8-K dated November 17, 1998.

10.1*        D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc., Amended and Restated 1992 Long
             Term Incentive Plan, filed as Annex A to the registrant's 1999
             Proxy Statement.

10.2*        D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and Trust,
             dated January 1, 1995, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
             Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 29, 1996.

10.2a*       Amendment Number 1 to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit
             Sharing Plan and Trust, dated December 20, 1996, filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
             ended June 30, 2000.

10.2b*       Amendment Number 2 to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit
             Sharing Plan and Trust, dated September 17, 1997, filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
             ended June 30, 2000.

10.2c*       Resolution to D & K Wholesale Drug, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan
             and Trust, dated March 27, 2000, filed as an exhibit to the
             registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
             2000.

10.3*        Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated as of January 16, 1996,
             by and between Morhaert Development, L.L.C. and the registrant,
             filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
             for the year ended March 29, 1996.

10.4*        Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of August 7, 1998 between
             registrant, certain of its subsidiaries and D&K Receivables
             Corporation, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report
             on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1998.

10.5*        Sixth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated March
             28, 2003, by and among Fleet Capital Corporation (individually and
             as Agent for Lenders), registrant, Jewett Drug Co., Diversified
             Healthcare, LLC, and Medical & Vaccine Products, Inc. filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March
             31, 2003.

                                       45
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.                          Description

10.7*        Prime Vendor Agreement dated as of August 25, 1999, between
             Tennessee Pharmacy Purchasing Alliance and the registrant, filed as
             an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
             year ended June 30, 1999.

10.7a*       First Amendment to Prime Vendor Agreement dated effective as of
             April 1, 2001 between The Pharmacy Cooperative formerly known as
             Tennessee Pharmacy Purchasing Alliance and the registrant filed as
             an exhibit to the registrant's Registration Statement, Amendment
             No. 2 to Form S-3 dated June 27, 2001.

10.8*        Lease Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1999, by and between BSRT
             Lexington Trust and the registrant, filed as an exhibit to the
             registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
             1999.

10.9*        Lease Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1997, by and between Jewett
             Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co, filed as an exhibit to
             the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June
             30, 1999.

10.10*       First Amendment to Lease, dated as of June 1, 1999, by and between
             Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co, filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
             ended June 30, 1999.

10.11*       Lease Agreement dated as of July 1, 1997 by and between Jewett
             Family Investments, LLC and the registrant, filed as an exhibit to
             the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June
             30, 1999.

10.12*       First Amendment to Lease, dated as of June 1, 1999, by and between
             Jewett Family Investments, LLC and Jewett Drug Co, filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
             ended June 30, 1999.

10.13*       Employment agreement for J. Hord Armstrong, III dated September 15,
             2000, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form
             10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.

10.14*       Employment agreement for Martin D. Wilson dated August 28, 2000,
             filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
             for the year ended June 30, 2000.

10.15*       Employment agreement for Thomas S. Hilton dated August 31, 2000,
             filed as an exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
             for the year ended June 30, 2000.

10.16*       D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. Executive Retirement Benefit Plan,
             dated January 1, 1998. filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
             Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000.

10.17*       D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc. 2001 Long Term Incentive Plan,
             dated November, 2001, filed as an exhibit to the registrant's 2001
             Proxy Statement.

10.18*       Lease Agreement dated as of October 10, 2001 by and between Forsyth
             Centre Associates, L.L.C., and the registrant filed as an exhibit
             to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
             June 30, 2002.

10.18a*      Amendment to Lease Agreement dated February 26, 2002 by and between
             Forsyth Centre Associates, L.L.C., and the registrant filed as an
             exhibit to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
             ended June 30, 2002.

10.19*       Lease Agreement, dated February 7, 2001, by and between Industrial
             Property Fund III, L.P. and the registrant, filed as an exhibit to
             the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
             ended September 30, 2001.

                                       46
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.                          Description

10.20*       Lease Agreement, dated August 2003, by and between Hillwood Metro
             No. 10, L.P., LCS Land Partners II, Ltd and the registrant, filed
             as an exhibit to the registrants Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
             year ended June 30, 2003.

10.21*       Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 21, 2003 between
             D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc., Walsh HealthCare Solutions, Inc.
             and D&K Acquisition Corp filed as an exhibit to the registrant's
             Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 15, 2003.

10.22**      Lease Agreement, dated August 18, 2004, by and between Gazelle, LLC
             and the registrant.

13**         Registrant's 2004 Annual Report to Stockholders.

14**         Registrant's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

21**         Subsidiaries of the registrant.

23**         Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

31.1**       Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
             Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
             Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2**       Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
             Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
             Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32**         Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
             Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to
             Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

*   Incorporated by reference.

**  Filed herewith.

                                       47

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>c88104exv10w22.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.22

                   JEFFERSON METROPOLITAN DISTRIBUTION CENTER
                                INDUSTRIAL LEASE
                            (MULTI-TENANT FACILITY)

ARTICLE ONE: BASIC TERMS

      This Article One contains the Basic Terms of this Lease between the
Landlord and Tenant named below. Other Articles, Sections and Paragraphs of the
Lease referred to in this Article One explain and define the Basic Terms and are
to be read in conjunction with the Basic Terms.

      Section 1.01. DATE OF LEASE: August ___, 2004

      Section 1.02. LANDLORD: Gazelle, LLC, an Alabama limited liability company

                    Address of Landlord: 2200 Woodcrest Place, Suite 210,
                    Birmingham, Alabama 35209

      Section 1.03. TENANT (INCLUDE LEGAL ENTITY): D&K Healthcare Resources
                    Inc., a Delaware Corporation

                    Address of Tenant: 8235 Forsyth Boulevard, St. Louis, MO
63105-1623 (All notices to Tenant shall be sent to this address marked to the
attention of Tenant's "General Counsel").

      Section 1.04. PREMISES: The Premises are part of Landlord's multi-tenant
real property development known as Jefferson Metropolitan Distribution Center in
McCalla, Alabama, a legal description and depiction of which appears on Exhibit
"A" (the "Project"). The term "Project" includes the land, Building One and
Building Two (as those terms are defined below), all other improvements located
on the land, and the common areas described and depicted on Exhibit "A". At the
present time, the term "Project" shall mean and include both the building in
which the Premises are located ("Building One") and the adjacent building that
Landlord is constructing which will comprise approximately 240,240 square feet
("Building Two"). The Premises includes approximately 180,180 square feet of
space, designated as street address of 6775 Jefferson Metropolitan Parkway,
McCalla, AL, 35111, along with the exclusive right to certain parking areas and
paved areas outside trucking docks, all as shown more particularly on Exhibit
"A" as "D&K Parking Areas". The locations of Building One, the proposed Building
Two, the Premises, and the Common Areas are shown and described on Exhibit "A".

      Section 1.05. LEASE TERM: Ten (10) years commencing on December 1, 2004
and ending on November 30, 2014.

      Section 1.06. PERMITTED USES: (See Article Five) Sales, distribution,
storage and related functions for wholesale pharmaceuticals, consumers goods
generally purchased in retail pharmacies.

      Section 1.07. TENANT'S GUARANTOR: None

      Section 1.08. BROKERS: (See Article Fourteen) (If none, so state)
      Landlord's Broker: Graham & Company, Inc.
      Tenant's Broker: Stream Realty Partners, L.P.

      Section 1.09. COMMISSION PAYABLE TO LANDLORD BROKERS: (See Article
Fourteen) To be paid by Landlord pursuant to terms of a separate agreement.

      Section 1.10. SECURITY DEPOSIT: (See Section 3.03) Waived

      Section 1.11. VEHICLE PARKING SPACES ALLOCATED TO TENANT: (See Section
4.05) The areas adjacent to Property so designated on Exhibit A.

      Section 1.12. RENT AND OTHER CHARGES PAYABLE BY TENANT:

      (a)   BASE RENT. Commencing December 1, 2004, Tenant shall pay Base Rent
of Fifty-Four Thousand Fifty-Four and 00/100 Dollars ($54,054.00) per month for
twelve (12) consecutive months, as provided in Section 3.01. Beginning on
December 1, 2005, and on each subsequent December 1 of the Lease Term, the Base
Rent shall be increased by 1.75%.

      (b)   ADDITIONAL RENT. Commencing December 1, 2004, Tenant shall also pay
the Additional Rent in accordance with Section 4.01

      (c)   TOTAL RENT. Beginning December 1, 2004, the Base Rent 1.12(a) and
the estimate of Additional Rent 1.12(b) is due on the first day of each month.
As of December 1, 2004, this amount will be equal to Sixty-Two Thousand Three
Hundred Twelve and 25/100 Dollars ($62,312.25). Thereafter, such amount will be
adjusted in accordance with Section 1.12(a) and Section 4.01.

      (d)   PAYMENT UPON LEASE EXECUTION. Upon execution of this Lease, Tenant
shall pay Landlord the sum of $62,312.25 representing an advance payment of the
rent due for the first month of the Lease Term, which Landlord shall apply to
the rent due on December 1, 2004.

      Section 1.13. LANDLORD'S SHARE OF PROFIT ON ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLEASE: (See
Section 9.05) Fifty Percent (50%) of the Profit (the "Landlord's Share").

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       1
<PAGE>

      Section 1.14. EXHIBITS: The following exhibits are attached to and made a
part of this Lease:

            Exhibit A - The Project

            Exhibit B - Tenant Plans and Specifications

            Exhibit C - Additional Terms of the Lease

ARTICLE TWO: LEASE TERM

      Section 2.01. LEASE OF PREMISES FOR LEASE TERM. Landlord leases the
Premises to Tenant and Tenant leases the Premises from Landlord for the Lease
Term. The Lease Term is for the period stated in Section 1.05 above and shall
begin and end on the dates specified in Section 1.05 above, unless the beginning
or end of the Lease Term is changed under any provision of this Lease. The
"Commencement Date" shall be the date specified in Section 1.05 above for the
beginning of the Lease Term.

      Section 2.02. EARLY ACCESS. Prior to the Commencement Date, but only after
Tenant shall have provided Landlord with the evidence that it has procured the
insurance required under Section 4.04(a) with respect to the Premises, Tenant
shall have a right of early access to the Premises during which Tenant shall be
permitted to install its equipment and supervise the construction of its
improvements to the Premises,

      Section 2.03. [This Section intentionally left blank.]

      Section 2.04. HOLDING OVER. Tenant shall vacate the Premises upon the
expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord
for and indemnify Landlord against all damages which Landlord incurs from
Tenant's delay in vacating the Premises; provided, however, if Tenant pays to
Landlord the rental payments described in this Section 2.04, then Tenant shall
not be required to reimburse Landlord for or indemnify Landlord against any
damages which Landlord incurs from Tenant's delay in vacating the Premises. If
Tenant does not vacate the Premises upon the expiration or earlier termination
of the Lease and Landlord thereafter accepts rent from Tenant, Tenant's
occupancy of the Premises shall be a "month-to-month" tenancy, subject to all of
the terms of this Lease applicable to a month-to-month tenancy, except that the
Base Rent then in effect shall be increased by fifty percent (50%).

ARTICLE THREE: BASE RENT

      Section 3.01. TIME AND MANNER OF PAYMENT. Commencing December 1, 2004, and
on the first day of each month thereafter, Tenant shall pay Landlord the Base
Rent, in advance, without offset (except to the extent permitted under Sections
4.01 and 15.03), deduction or prior demand. The Base Rent shall be payable at
Landlord's address or at such other place as Landlord may designate in writing.
As noted in Section 1.12(d) above, Landlord shall apply the sum remitted to it
by Tenant upon execution of this Lease to the rent due on December 1, 2004.

      Section 3.02. [This Section intentionally left blank.]

      Section 3.03. TERMINATION; ADVANCE PAYMENTS. Upon termination of this
Lease under Article Seven (Damage or Destruction), Article Eight (Condemnation)
or any other termination not resulting from Tenant's default, and after Tenant
has vacated the Premises in the manner required by this Lease, Landlord shall
refund or credit to Tenant (or Tenant's successor) any advance rent or other
advance payments made by Tenant to Landlord, including any Base Rent or
Additional Rent that apply to any time periods after termination of the Lease.

ARTICLE FOUR: OTHER CHARGES PAYABLE BY TENANT

      Section 4.01. ADDITIONAL RENT. All charges payable by Tenant under this
Section 4.01 are called "Additional Rent." The term "rent" shall mean Base Rent
and Additional Rent. During each month of the Term of this Lease on the same day
that Base Rent is due hereunder, Tenant shall pay to Landlord an amount equal to
1/12th of the Landlord's good faith estimate of the annual Additional Rent. The
annual Additional Rent shall include only: (a) Tenant's Pro Rata Share of Real
Property Taxes (as defined in Section 4.02(b)); (b) Tenant's Pro Rata Share of
Insurance Premiums described in Section 4.04(c); and (c) Tenant's Pro Rata Share
of Common Area Expenses (as defined in Section 4.05(e)). As used herein, the
term "Tenant's Pro Rata Share" shall mean 33.33% of the foregoing costs which
are applicable to the entire Project; provided, however, that (x) if Building
One becomes a part of a tax parcel that does not include Building Two, then
Tenant's Pro Rata Share of Real Property Taxes shall thereafter mean 60.00%, or
(y) if Landlord obtains separate insurance policies for Building One and
Building Two, then Tenant's Pro Rata Share of Insurance Premiums under Section
4.04(c) shall thereafter mean 60.00%, and/or (z) if Landlord elects to maintain
the Common Areas for Building One and Building Two separately, then Tenant's Pro
Rata Share of Common Area Expenses (as defined in Section 4.05(e)) shall
thereafter mean 60.00%. For the year beginning December 1, 2004, the Landlord's
good faith estimate of 1/12 of the annual Additional Rent is Eight Thousand Two
Hundred Fifty-Eight and 25/100 Dollars ($8,258.25).

      Tenant authorizes Landlord to use the funds deposited with Landlord under
this Section 4.01 to pay such costs and expenses that comprise the Real Property
Taxes, Insurance Premiums, Common Area Expenses. Within sixty (60) days after
the end of each calendar year of the Lease Term, Landlord shall deliver to
Tenant a statement prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles setting forth, in reasonable detail, the annual Additional Rent
actually incurred by Landlord during the preceding calendar year. If the
Tenant's (x) total payments under Section 4.01 are less than (y) the annual
Additional Rent actually incurred by Landlord; then Tenant shall pay the
difference to Landlord within ten (10) days after demand. If the Tenant's (x)
total escrow payments under Section 4.01 are greater than (y) the annual
Additional Rent actually incurred by Landlord; then Landlord shall pay the
difference to Tenant within ten (10) days after demand.

      Landlord may adjust its good faith estimate of the annual Additional Rent
at any time based upon Landlord's

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       2
<PAGE>

experience and reasonable anticipation of costs. Such adjustments shall be
effective as of the next rent payment date after notice to Tenant.

      Tenant acknowledges that Landlord may subdivide the land now comprising
the Project, or otherwise separate the ownership of Buildings One and Two, and
if Landlord does so, the term "Project" as used in this Lease shall thereafter
refer only to the land and Common Areas associated with Building One, whereupon
Landlord shall properly segregate (or otherwise reasonably allocate) the costs
of maintaining the Common Areas associated with each such building. In no event
shall Tenant be required to pay any Common Area costs to the extent such costs
relate solely to costs incurred by Landlord during or related to the
construction of Building Two.

      Tenant and its agents will have the right to examine and copy Landlord's
books and records relating to the Additional Rent during normal business hours
at Landlord's principal place of business according to this section. If Tenant's
examination reveals that it has overpaid its proportionate share of Real
Property Taxes, Insurance Premiums, Common Area Expenses, then the overpayment
will be deducted from the next accruing rent payment. If the overpayment exceeds
the amount that should have been charged by more than $5,000.00, but less than
$8,000.00, then Landlord will pay not more than $2,000.00 in Tenant's reasonable
out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with the examination. If the
overpayment exceeds the amount that should have been charged by more than
$8,000.00, then Landlord will pay not more than $4,000.00 in Tenant's reasonable
out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with the examination. Tenant's sole
remedy in the event of an overpayment plus interest will be the offset against
its rent. Tenant will not have the right to terminate the Lease on account of an
overpayment.

      Section 4.02. PROPERTY TAXES.

      (a)   REAL PROPERTY TAXES. Landlord shall pay the "Real Property Taxes"
during the Lease Term. Tenant acknowledges that the Project may currently be
fully or partially exempt from certain Real Property Taxes and that if this
exemption should expire during the Lease Term, additional Real Property Taxes
may then become payable on the Project.

      (b)   DEFINITION OF "REAL PROPERTY TAX." The term "Real Property Taxes"
means: (i) any fee, license fee, license tax, business license fee, commercial
rental tax, levy, charge, assessment, penalty or tax imposed by any taxing
authority against the Project; (ii) any tax that might be levied in the future
on the Landlord's right to receive, or the receipt of, rent or income from the
Premises or against Landlord's business of leasing the Premises (a "rental
tax"); provided, however, that in the event of the passage of any such rental
tax, Tenant's obligation to reimburse Landlord therefore shall be capped at an
amount not to exceed seven cents ($.07) per square foot per year; (iii) any tax
or charge for fire protection, streets, sidewalks, road maintenance, refuse or
other services provided to the Project by any governmental agency; (iv) any tax
imposed upon this transaction or based upon a re-assessment of the Project; and
(v) any charge or fee replacing any tax previously included within the
definition of Real Property Tax. "Real Property Tax" does not, however, include
Landlord's federal or state income, franchise, inheritance or estate taxes.

      (c)   PERSONAL PROPERTY TAXES. Tenant shall pay all taxes charged against
trade fixtures, furnishings, equipment or any other personal property belonging
to Tenant. To the extent possible, Tenant shall have its personal property taxed
separately from the Premises.

      Section 4.03. UTILITIES. Tenant shall pay, directly to the appropriate
supplier, the cost of all natural gas, heat, light, power, sewer service,
telephone, water, refuse disposal and other utilities and services supplied to
the Premises. All utilities used by Tenant shall be separately metered other
than water and sewer service, with the meters for electrical power and natural
gas to be installed by Tenant at its expense in connection with the construction
of the improvements to be made by Tenant to the Premises, as described on
Exhibit C. Landlord shall make a reasonable, good-faith determination of
Tenant's proportionate share of the cost of water and sewer services. The
determination and allocation of the cost of such utilities and services will
take into account the nature and use of the Premises.

      Section 4.04. INSURANCE POLICIES.

      (a)   TENANT'S INSURANCE. During the Lease Term, Tenant shall maintain a
policy of commercial general liability insurance insuring Tenant against
liability for bodily injury, property damage (including loss of use of property)
and personal injury arising out of the operation, use or occupancy of the
Premises. Tenant shall name Landlord as an additional insured under such policy.
The amount of such insurance shall be Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) per
occurrence. The liability insurance obtained by Tenant under this Section
4.04(a) shall (i) be primary and noncontributing; (ii) contain cross-liability
endorsements; and (iii) contain contractual liability coverage. The amount and
coverage of such insurance shall not limit Tenant's liability nor relieve Tenant
of any other obligation under this Lease. Within 10 days after the Commencement
Date and upon each renewal of such insurance policy, Tenant shall deliver to
Landlord a certificate evidencing that it has obtained the insurance coverage
required by this Section 4.04(a).

      (b)   LANDLORD'S INSURANCE. During the Lease Term, Landlord shall maintain
a policy of commercial general liability insurance in an amount and with
coverage determined by Landlord (but in no event less that One Million Dollars
per occurrence) insuring Landlord against liability arising out of ownership,
operation, use or occupancy of the Project. The policy obtained by Landlord
shall not be contributory and shall not provide primary insurance. During the
Lease Term, Landlord shall also maintain policies of insurance covering loss of
or damage to the Project in the full amount of its replacement value. Such
policy shall contain an Inflation Guard Endorsement and shall provide protection
against all perils included within the classification of fire, extended
coverage, vandalism, malicious mischief, special extended perils (all risk),
sprinkler leakage and any other perils which Landlord deems reasonably
necessary. Landlord shall have the right to obtain flood and earthquake
insurance if required by any lender holding a security interest in the Project.
Landlord shall not obtain insurance for Tenant's fixtures or equipment or
building improvements installed by Tenant in the Premises. During the Lease
Term, Landlord shall also maintain a rental income insurance policy, with loss
payable to Landlord, in an amount equal to not less than one year's Base Rent,
plus estimated real property taxes and insurance

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       3
<PAGE>

premiums. Tenant shall not do or permit anything to be done which invalidates
any such insurance policies. Upon request of Tenant from time-to-time, Landlord
shall deliver to Tenant a certificate evidencing that it has obtained the
insurance coverage required by this Section 4.04(b).

      (c)   PAYMENT OF PREMIUMS.

            (i) Landlord shall pay the premiums for the insurance policies
      maintained by Landlord under Section 4.04(b) and Section 4.05.

            (ii) If the insurance policies maintained by Landlord cover
      improvements or real property other than the Premises, Landlord shall also
      deliver to Tenant a statement of the amount of the premiums applicable to
      the Premises showing, in reasonable detail, how such amount was computed.
      If the Lease Term expires before the expiration of the insurance period,
      Tenant's liability shall be pro rated on an annual basis.

      (d)   GENERAL INSURANCE PROVISIONS.

            (i) Any insurance which Tenant is required to maintain under this
      Lease shall include a provision which requires the insurance carrier to
      give Landlord not less than either (x) thirty (30) days' written notice
      prior to any cancellation or material modification of such coverage
      relating to the insurance Tenant is required to maintain with respect to
      the Premises, or (y) ten (10) days written notice of cancellation in the
      event of non-payment of premiums.

            (ii) If Tenant fails to deliver any policy, certificate or renewal
      to Landlord required under this Lease within the prescribed time period or
      if any such policy is cancelled or modified during the Lease Term without
      Landlord's consent, Landlord may obtain such insurance, in which case
      Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost of such insurance within
      fifteen (15) days after receipt of a statement that indicates the cost of
      such insurance.

            (iii) Tenant shall maintain all insurance required under this Lease
      with companies holding a "General Policy Rating" of A-VIII or better, as
      set forth in the most current issue of "Best Key Rating Guide". Landlord
      and Tenant acknowledge the insurance markets are rapidly changing and that
      insurance in the form and amounts described in this Section 4.04 may not
      be available in the future. Tenant acknowledges that the insurance
      described in this Section 4.04 is for the primary benefit of Landlord. If
      at any time during the Lease Term, Tenant is unable to maintain the
      insurance required under the Lease, Tenant shall nevertheless maintain
      insurance coverage which is customary and commercially reasonable in the
      insurance industry for Tenant's type of business, as that coverage may
      change from time to time. Landlord makes no representation as to the
      adequacy of such insurance to protect Landlord's or Tenant's interests.
      Therefore, Tenant shall obtain any such additional property or liability
      insurance which Tenant deems necessary to protect Landlord and Tenant.

            (iv) Landlord and Tenant each hereby waive any and all rights of
      recovery against the other, or against the officers, employees, agents or
      representatives of the other, for loss of or damage to its property or the
      property of others under its control, if such loss or damage is covered by
      any insurance policy in force (whether or not described in this Lease) at
      the time of such loss or damage. Upon obtaining the required policies of
      insurance, Landlord and Tenant shall give notice to the insurance carriers
      of this mutual waiver of subrogation.

      Section 4.05. COMMON AREAS; USE, MAINTENANCE AND COSTS.

      (a) COMMON AREAS. As used in this Lease, "Common Areas" shall mean all
areas within the Project which are available for the common use of tenants of
the Project and which are not leased or held for the exclusive use of Tenant or
other tenants, including, but not limited to, parking areas, driveways,
sidewalks, loading areas, access roads, corridors, landscaping and planted
areas. Landlord, from time to time, may change the size, location, nature and
use of any of the Common Areas, convert Common Areas into leasable areas,
construct additional parking facilities (including parking structures) in the
Common Areas, and increase or decrease Common Area land and/or facilities.
Tenant acknowledges that such activities may result in inconvenience to Tenant.
Such activities and changes are permitted if they do not materially affect
Tenant's use of the Premises or interfere with Tenant's business.

      (b) USE OF COMMON AREAS. Tenant shall have the nonexclusive right (in
common with other tenants and all others to whom Landlord has granted or may
grant such rights) to use the Common Areas for the purposes intended, subject to
such reasonable rules and regulations as Landlord may establish from time to
time, provided that such rules and regulations do not materially affect Tenant's
use of the Premises or interfere with Tenant's business. Tenant shall abide by
such rules and regulations and shall use its best effort to cause others who use
the Common Areas with Tenant's express or implied permission to abide by
Landlord's rules and regulations. At any time, Landlord may close any Common
Areas to perform any acts in the Common Areas as, in Landlord's judgment, are
desirable to improve the Project, provided that such closure does not materially
affect Tenant's use of the Premises or interfere with Tenant's business. Tenant
shall not interfere with the rights of Landlord, other tenants or any other
person entitled to use the Common Areas.

      (c) VEHICLE PARKING. Tenant shall be entitled to use the number of vehicle
parking spaces in the Project allocated to Tenant in Section 1.11 of the Lease
without paying any additional rent. Tenant shall have the exclusive right to use
parking spaces and loading areas for those areas included within the Premises,
as shown more particularly on Exhibit "A". Temporary parking of large delivery
vehicles in the Project is permitted, but shall be subject to reasonable rules
and regulations established by Landlord. Vehicles shall be parked only in
striped parking spaces and not in

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       4
<PAGE>

driveways, loading areas or other locations not specifically designated for
parking. Handicapped spaces shall only be used by those legally permitted to use
them.

      (d) MAINTENANCE OF COMMON AREAS. Landlord shall maintain the Common Areas
in good order, condition and repair and shall operate the Project, in Landlord's
sole discretion, as a first-class industrial/commercial real property
development. As used herein, the term "Common Area Expenses" include, but are
not limited to, costs and expenses for the following: gardening and landscaping;
utilities, water and sewage charges; fire sprinkler maintenance and monitoring;
maintenance of signs (other than tenants' signs); premiums for liability,
property damage, fire and other types of casualty insurance on the Common Areas
and worker's compensation insurance; all property taxes and assessments levied
on or attributable to the Common Areas and all Common Area improvements; all
personal property taxes levied on or attributable to personal property used
exclusively in connection with the Common Areas; rental or lease payments paid
by Landlord for rented or leased personal property used exclusively in the
operation or maintenance of the Common Areas; fees for required licenses and
permits; repairing (including roof repairs), resurfacing, repaving, maintaining,
exterior painting, lighting, cleaning, refuse removal, security and similar
items; and a reasonable allowance to Landlord for Landlord's supervision of the
Common Areas (not to exceed three percent (3%) of the gross rents of the Project
for the calendar year). Landlord may cause any or all of such services to be
provided by third parties and the cost of such services shall be included in
Common Area costs. Common Area costs shall not include depreciation of real
property which forms part of the Common Areas. Following the first full calendar
year of the Lease Term, Tenant's Pro Rata Share of "controllable" Common Area
costs for any calendar year shall not exceed the amount of Tenant's Pro Rata
Share of "controllable" Common Area costs for the immediately preceding calendar
year by more than six percent (6%). For the purposes hereof, the term
"controllable" Common Area costs shall mean all Common Area costs in the
reasonable control of Landlord excluding real property taxes, insurance and
utilities.

      Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Common Area Expenses" shall not include
(i) depreciation of real property which forms part of the Common Areas; (ii) any
ground lease rental; (iii) except to the extent described above, costs of items
considered capital repairs, replacements, improvements and equipment under
generally accepted accounting principles; (iv) costs incurred by Landlord for
the repair of damage, to the extent that Landlord is reimbursed by insurance
proceeds; (v) costs, including permit, license and inspection costs, incurred
with respect to the installation of tenant or other occupants' improvements in
the Building or incurred in renovating or otherwise improving, decorating,
painting or redecorating vacant space for tenants of the Project; (vi)
depreciation, amortization and interest payments, except on materials, tools,
supplies and vendor-type equipment purchased by Landlord to enable Landlord to
supply services Landlord might otherwise contract for with a third party where
such depreciation, amortization and interest payments would otherwise have been
included in the charge for such third party's services, all as determined in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied,
and when depreciation or amortization is permitted or required, the item will be
amortized over its reasonably anticipated useful life; (vii) marketing costs,
including without limitation, leasing commissions, attorneys' fees in connection
with the negotiation and preparation of letters, deal memos, letters of intent,
leases, subleases or assignments, space planning costs, and other costs and
expenses incurred in connection with lease, sublease or assignment negotiations,
and transactions with present or prospective tenants or other occupants of the
Project; (viii) expenses in connection with services or other benefits that are
not offered to Tenant or for which Tenant is charged for directly but that are
provided to another tenant or occupant of the Project at a lesser cost; (ix)
costs incurred by Landlord due to the violation by Landlord or any tenant of the
terms and conditions of any lease of space in the Project; (x) overhead and
profit increment paid to Landlord or to subsidiaries or affiliates of Landlord
for goods and services in or to the Project to the extent the same exceeds the
costs of such goods and services rendered by unaffiliated third parties on a
competitive basis; (xi) Interest, principal, points and fees on debts or
amortization on any mortgage or mortgages or any other debt instrument
encumbering the Project; (xii) landlord's general corporate overhead and general
and administrative expenses; (xiii) costs incurred in connection with upgrading
any portion of the Project to comply with life, fire and safety codes,
ordinances, statutes or other laws in effect prior to the Commencement Date
including, without limitation, the ADA, including penalties or damages incurred
due to non-compliance (but costs incurred in connection with upgrading any
portion of the Project to comply with life, fire and safety codes, ordinances,
statutes or other laws not in effect before the Commencement Date, including,
without limitation, the ADA, may be included); (xiv) despite any contrary
provision of the Lease including without limitation, any provision relating to
capital expenditures, any and all costs arising from the presence of hazardous
materials or substances (as defined by applicable laws in effect on the date
this Lease is executed) in or about the Premises, the Building, or the Project
including, without limitation, hazardous substances or the ground water or soil,
not placed by Tenant; (xv) costs arising from latent defects in the base, shall
or core of the Building or improvements installed by Landlord or repair to them;
or (xvi) costs incurred by Landlord in satisfying its obligations under Section
6.03.

      Section 4.06. LATE CHARGES. Tenant's failure to pay rent promptly may
cause Landlord to incur unanticipated costs. The exact amount of such costs is
impractical or extremely difficult to ascertain. Such costs may include, but are
not limited to, processing and accounting charges and late charges which may be
imposed on Landlord by any ground lease, mortgage or trust deed encumbering the
Premises. Therefore, if Landlord does not receive any rent payment within ten
(10) days after it becomes due and Tenant has failed to make any rent payment on
one (1) prior occasion during the immediately preceding 12-month period, then
Tenant shall pay Landlord a late charge equal to five percent (5%) of the
overdue amount. The parties agree that such late charge represents a fair and
reasonable estimate of the costs Landlord will incur by reason of such late
payment.

      Section 4.07. INTEREST ON PAST DUE OBLIGATIONS. If any amount owed by
Tenant to Landlord is not paid within thirty (30) days after it becomes due,
then such amount shall bear interest at the rate of fifteen percent (15%) per
annum from the due date of such amount. The payment of interest on such amounts
shall not excuse or cure any default by Tenant under this Lease. If the interest
rate specified in this Lease is higher than the rate permitted by law, the
interest rate is hereby decreased to the maximum legal interest rate permitted
by law.

      Section 4.08. [This Section intentionally left blank.]

ARTICLE FIVE: USE OF PREMISES

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       5
<PAGE>

      Section 5.01. PERMITTED USES. Tenant may use the Premises only for the
Permitted Uses set forth in Section 1.06 above.

      Section 5.02. MANNER OF USE. Tenant shall not cause or permit the Premises
to be used in any way which constitutes a violation of any law, ordinance, or
governmental regulation or order, which annoys or interferes with the rights of
tenants of the Project, or which constitutes a nuisance or waste, and Landlord
shall take reasonable measures to not allow any other tenant of the Project to
do the same. Tenant shall obtain and pay for all permits, including a
Certificate of Occupancy, required for Tenant's occupancy of the Premises and
shall at its expense promptly take all actions necessary to comply with all
applicable statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders and requirements
regulating the use by Tenant of the Premises, including, without limitation, the
Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA") and the American with Disabilities
Act ("ADA").

      Section 5.03. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS. As used in this Lease, the term
"Hazardous Material" means any flammable items, explosives, radioactive
materials, hazardous or toxic substances, material or waste or related
materials, including any substances defined as or included in the definition of
"hazardous substances", "hazardous wastes", "hazardous materials" or "toxic
substances" now or subsequently regulated under any applicable federal, state or
local laws or regulations, including without limitation petroleum-based
products, paints, solvents, lead, cyanide, DDT, printing inks, acids,
pesticides, ammonia compounds and other chemical products, asbestos, PCBs and
similar compounds, and including any different products and materials which are
subsequently found to have adverse effects on the environment or the health and
safety of persons. Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Material to be
generated, produced, brought upon, used, stored, treated or disposed of in or
about the Premises by Tenant, its agents, employees, contractors, sublessees or
invitees without the prior written consent of Landlord. Landlord shall be
entitled to take into account such other factors or facts as Landlord may
reasonably determine to be relevant in determining whether to grant or withhold
consent to Tenant's proposed activity with respect to Hazardous Material. In no
event, however, shall Landlord be required to consent to the installation or use
of any storage tanks on the Premises.

      Section 5.04. SIGNS AND AUCTIONS. Tenant shall not place any signs on the
Premises without Landlord's prior written consent and approval of any
architectural review committee. Tenant shall not conduct or permit any auctions
or sheriff's sales at the Premises.

      Section 5.05. INDEMNITY. Tenant shall indemnify Landlord against and hold
Landlord harmless from any and all costs, claims or liability arising from: (a)
Tenant's use of the Premises; (b) the conduct of Tenant's business or anything
else done or permitted by Tenant to be done in or about the Premises, including
any contamination of the Premises or any other property resulting from the
presence or use of Hazardous Material caused or permitted by Tenant; (c) any
breach or default in the performance of Tenant's obligations under this Lease;
(d) any misrepresentation or breach of warranty by Tenant under this Lease; or
(e) other acts or omissions of Tenant. Tenant shall defend Landlord against any
such cost, claim or liability at Tenant's expense with counsel reasonably
acceptable to Landlord or, at Landlord's election, Tenant shall reimburse
Landlord for any reasonable legal fees or costs incurred by Landlord in
connection with any such claim. As a material part of the consideration to
Landlord, Tenant assumes all risk of damage to property or injury to persons in
or about the Premises arising from any cause other than Landlord's negligent
acts or omissions, and Tenant hereby waives all claims in respect thereof
against Landlord, except for any claim arising out of Landlord's gross
negligence or willful misconduct. As used in this Section, the term "Tenant"
shall include Tenant's employees, agents, contractors and invitees, if
applicable.

      Section 5.06. LANDLORD'S ACCESS. With the Tenant's advance written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, but which may be
conditioned upon the presence of a representative of the Tenant, Landlord or its
agents may enter the Premises to show the Premises to potential buyers,
investors or tenants or other parties; to do any other act or to inspect and
conduct tests in order to monitor Tenant's compliance with all applicable laws,
including all laws governing the presence and use of Hazardous Material; or for
any other reasonable purpose Landlord deems necessary. Tenant will at all times
provide Landlord with the contact information for on "on-call" representative of
Tenant who can be present in the case of an emergency requiring immediate access
by Landlord. No sooner than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the Lease
Term, Landlord may place customary "For Lease" signs on the Premises.

      Section 5.07. QUIET POSSESSION. If Tenant pays the rent and complies with
all other terms of this Lease in all material respects, Tenant use and enjoy the
Premises for the full Lease Term, subject to the provisions of this Lease, and
Landlord covenants that Tenant's use and enjoyment of the Premises will not be
disturbed by or through any person acting under Landlord's authority during the
term of this Lease.

ARTICLE SIX: CONDITION OF PREMISES; MAINTENANCE, REPAIRS AND ALTERATIONS

      Section 6.01. EXISTING CONDITIONS. Tenant accepts the Premises in its
condition as of the execution of the Lease, subject to all recorded matters,
laws, ordinances, and governmental regulations and orders. Except as provided
herein, Tenant acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any agent of Landlord has
made any representation as to the condition of the Premises or the suitability
of the Premises for Tenant's intended use. Tenant represents and warrants that
Tenant has made its own inspection of and inquiry regarding the condition of the
Premises and is not relying on any representations of Landlord or any Broker
with respect thereto.

      Section 6.02. EXEMPTION OF LANDLORD FROM LIABILITY. Landlord shall not be
liable for any damage or injury to the person, business (or any loss of income
therefrom), goods, wares, merchandise or other property of Tenant, Tenant's
employees, invitees, customers or any other person in or about the Premises,
whether such damage or injury is caused by or results from: (a) fire, steam,
electricity, water, gas or rain; (b) the breakage, leakage, obstruction or other
defects of pipes, sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, air conditioning or
lighting fixtures or any other cause; (c) conditions arising in or about the
Premises or upon other portions of the Project, or from other sources or places;
or (d) any act or omission
                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       6
<PAGE>

of any other tenant of the Project. Landlord shall not be liable for any such
damage or injury even though the cause of or the means of repairing such damage
or injury are not accessible to Tenant. The provisions of this Section 6.02
shall not, however, exempt Landlord from liability for Landlord's gross
negligence or willful misconduct.

      Section 6.03. LANDLORD'S OBLIGATIONS. Subject to the provisions of Article
Seven (Damage or Destruction) and Article Eight (Condemnation), and except for
damage caused by any act or omission of Tenant, or Tenant's employees, agents,
contractors or invitees, Landlord shall keep the foundation, roof and structural
portions of exterior walls of the improvements on the Project (including
Building One and the Premises) in good order, condition and repair. If any
portion of the Project or any system or equipment in the Project which Landlord
is obligated to repair cannot be fully repaired or restored, Landlord shall
promptly replace such portion of the Project or system or equipment in the
Project; provided, however, that in no event shall Landlord be required to
maintain or replace any of the heating, ventilation or air conditioning
equipment serving the warehouse portions of the Premises. However, Landlord
shall not be obligated to maintain or repair windows, doors, plate glass or the
surfaces of walls, unless such maintenance or repair is necessitated by
Landlord's failure to satisfy its obligations described in this Section 6.03.
Landlord shall not be obligated to make any repairs under this Section 6.03
until a reasonable time after receipt of a written notice from Tenant of the
need for such repairs, provided however that Landlord shall make such repairs
immediately after receiving notice from Tenant that Tenant's goods or products
stored on the Premises are at risk of damage or peril.

      Section 6.04. TENANT'S OBLIGATIONS. Except as provided in Section 6.03,
Article Seven (Damage or Destruction) and Article Eight (Condemnation), Tenant
shall keep all portions of the Premises (including structural, nonstructural,
interior, systems and equipment) in good order, condition and repair. If any
portion of the Premises or any system or equipment in the Premises which Tenant
is obligated to repair cannot be fully repaired or restored, Tenant shall
promptly replace such portion of the Premises or system or equipment in the
Premises, regardless of whether the benefit of such replacement extends beyond
the Lease Term. If the Tenant reasonably determines that the benefit or useful
life of any such replacement extends beyond the length of the Lease Term,
including any potential extension term, then the Landlord shall within thirty
(30) days of the Landlord's receipt of the Expenditure Notice reimburse the
Tenant for the Landlord's Portion. The term "Expenditure Notice" means a written
notice from the Tenant to the Landlord setting forth (a) the cost of any such
repair; (b) the Tenant's good faith estimate of the useful life of such repair
in months, subject to Landlord's concurrence therewith; (c) an amount equal to
the cost of such repairs multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the
current term of the lease and the denominator of which is the useful life of
such repair (as determined in accord with Section 6.04(b)); (d) an amount equal
to the cost of such repairs multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is
the sum of the months remaining in the current term of the lease, plus the
number of months in all possible remaining extended terms of the lease, and the
denominator of which is the useful life of such repair (as determined in accord
with Section 6.04(b)); and (e) an amount equal to the cost of such repairs, less
the amounts described in Section 6.04(d). The "Landlord's Portion" shall mean
the amount described by Section 6.04(e). If the Tenant does not extend this
Lease beyond the current Lease Term, then upon termination or expiration of the
current Lease Term, the Landlord shall remit to the Tenant an amount equal to
the difference between the amounts described in Section 6.04(c) and Section
6.04(d). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Landlord be required
to maintain or replace any of the heating, ventilating or air conditioning
equipment serving the warehouse portions of the Premises or to replace (or share
in the cost of replacing) any coolers or other special equipment installed by
Tenant within the Premises.

      Tenant shall maintain a preventive maintenance contract providing for the
regular inspection and maintenance of (a) the dock levelers (Landlord agrees
that Tenant may perform this maintenance itself if Tenant so elects, in which
event Tenant shall provide Landlord with documentation reflecting that Tenant is
performing this work on a regular basis and in accordance with the
manufacturer's recommendations), and (b) the heating and air conditioning system
by a licensed heating and air conditioning contractor. If Tenant fails to
provide such maintenance, Landlord shall have the right, upon written notice to
Tenant, to undertake the responsibility for preventive maintenance of the
heating and air conditioning system at Tenant's expense. In addition, Tenant
shall, at Tenant's expense, repair any damage to the roof, foundation or
structural portions of walls caused by Tenant's acts or omissions. It is the
intention of Landlord and Tenant that, at all times during the Lease Term,
Tenant shall maintain the Premises and Landlord shall maintain the Project
(exclusive of the Premises), in an attractive, first-class and fully operative
condition. Except as otherwise provided herein, Tenant shall fulfill all of
Tenant's obligations under this Section 6.04 at Tenant's sole expense. If Tenant
fails to maintain, repair or replace the Premises as required by this Section
6.04, Landlord may, upon ten (10) days' prior notice to Tenant (except that no
notice shall be required in the case of an emergency), enter the Premises and
perform such maintenance or repair (including replacement, as needed) on behalf
of Tenant. In such case, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for all costs incurred
in performing such maintenance or repair immediately upon demand.

      Section 6.05. ALTERATIONS, ADDITIONS, AND IMPROVEMENTS. Tenant shall not
make any alterations, additions, or improvements to the Premises without
Landlord's prior written consent, except for non-structural alterations which do
not exceed Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) in cost cumulatively over the Lease
Term and which are not visible from the outside of any building of which the
Premises is part (except that Tenant shall be permitted, subject to obtain
approval of the Architectural Review Committee governing the Project, to erect a
fence around a portion of the exterior of the Premises as shown on Exhibit A .
Landlord may require Tenant to provide demolition and/or lien and completion
bonds in form and amount satisfactory to Landlord. Upon Landlord's written
request, Tenant shall promptly remove any alterations, additions, or
improvements constructed in violation of this Section 6.05(a). All alterations,
additions, and improvements shall be done in a good and workmanlike manner, in
conformity with all applicable laws and regulations, and by a contractor
approved by Landlord. Upon completion of the initial Tenant improvements as
described on Exhibit C, and upon completion of other improvements permitted
above, Tenant shall provide Landlord with copies of the plans and specifications
pertaining thereto which are submitted to the applicable governmental agencies
as part of obtaining any required building permits and/or certificates of
occupancy, together with proof of payment for all labor and materials associated
therewith. Tenant shall pay when due all claims for labor and material furnished
to the Premises. Tenant shall give Landlord at least twenty (20) days' prior
written notice of the commencement of any work on the Premises, regardless of
whether Landlord's consent to such work is required. Landlord may elect to
record and post notices of nonresponsibility on the Premises.

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       7
<PAGE>

      Section 6.06. CONDITION UPON TERMINATION. Subject to the provisions of
Article Seven and Article Eight, upon the termination of the Lease, Tenant shall
surrender the Premises to Landlord, broom clean, all operating systems
functioning properly, and in the same condition as received except for ordinary
wear and tear which Tenant was not otherwise obligated to remedy under any
provision of this Lease. However, Tenant shall not be obligated to repair any
damage which Landlord is required to repair under Article Seven (Damage or
Destruction). In addition, Landlord may require Tenant to remove any
alterations, additions or improvements (whether or not made with Landlord's
consent) prior to the expiration of the Lease and to restore the Premises to its
prior condition, all at Tenant's expense, provided that Landlord has advised
Tenant at the time it approves the requested improvements that it may require
Tenant to remove the same upon termination of the Lease. All alterations,
additions and improvements which Landlord has not required Tenant to remove
shall become Landlord's property and shall be surrendered to Landlord upon the
expiration or earlier termination of the Lease, except that Tenant may remove
any of Tenant's machinery or equipment which can be removed without material
damage to the Premises. In no event shall Tenant remove any improvements (or
equipment) installed or located in the Premises which were constructed (or
purchased) by Tenant with funds provided by Landlord pursuant to Exhibit C, but
Tenant may remove any specialty equipment purchased and/or installed at the
Premises by Tenant from Tenant's funds. Tenant shall repair, at Tenant's
expense, any damage to the Premises caused by the removal of any such machinery
or equipment. In no event, however, shall Tenant remove any of the following
materials or equipment (which shall be deemed Landlord's property) without
Landlord's prior written consent: any power wiring or power panels; lighting or
lighting fixtures; wall coverings; drapes, blinds or other window coverings;
carpets or other floor coverings; heaters, air conditioners or any other heating
or air conditioning equipment; fencing or security gates; or other similar
building operating equipment and decorations.

ARTICLE SEVEN: DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION

      Section 7.01. PARTIAL DAMAGE TO PREMISES.

      (a)   SUFFICIENT INSURANCE PROCEEDS. Tenant shall notify Landlord in
writing immediately upon the occurrence of any damage to the Premises. If the
Premises is only partially damaged (i.e., less than twenty-five percent (25%) of
the Premises is untenantable as a result of such damage or less than twenty-five
percent (25%) of Tenant's operations are materially impaired) and if the
proceeds received by Landlord from the insurance policies described in Section
4.04(b) are sufficient to pay for the necessary repairs, this Lease shall remain
in effect and Landlord shall repair the damage as soon as reasonably possible,
but in no event later than 120 days after the date the Premises are damaged.
Landlord may elect (but is not required) to repair any damage to Tenant's
fixtures, equipment, or improvements.

      (b)   INSUFFICIENT INSURANCE PROCEEDS. If the insurance proceeds received
by Landlord are not sufficient to pay the entire cost of repair, or if the cause
of the damage is not covered by the insurance policies which Landlord maintains
under Section 4.04, Landlord may elect either to (i) repair the damage as soon
as reasonably possible, but in no event later than 120 days after the date the
Premises are damaged, in which case this Lease shall remain in full force and
effect, or (ii) terminate this Lease as of the date the damage occurred.
Landlord shall notify Tenant within fifteen (15) business days after receipt of
notice of the occurrence of the damage whether Landlord elects to repair the
damage or terminate the Lease. If Landlord elects to repair the damage, and if
the damage was due to an act or omission of Tenant, or Tenant's employees,
agents, contractors or invitees, then Tenant shall pay Landlord the "deductible
amount" (if any) under Landlord's insurance policies. If Landlord elects to
terminate the Lease, Tenant may elect to continue this Lease in full force and
effect, in which case Tenant shall repair any damage to the Premises and any
building in which the Premises is located. Tenant shall pay the cost of such
repairs, except that upon satisfactory completion of such repairs, Landlord
shall deliver to Tenant any insurance proceeds received by Landlord for the
damage repaired by Tenant. Tenant shall give Landlord written notice of such
election within ten (10) days after receiving Landlord's termination notice.

      (c)   DURING LAST SIX MONTHS OF LEASE TERM. If the damage to the Premises
occurs during the last six (6) months of the Lease Term and such damage will
require more than thirty (30) days to repair, either Landlord or Tenant may
elect to terminate this Lease as of the date the damage occurred, regardless of
the sufficiency of any insurance proceeds. The party electing to terminate this
Lease shall give written notification to the other party of such election within
thirty (30) days after Tenant's notice to Landlord of the occurrence of the
damage.

      Section 7.02. SUBSTANTIAL OR TOTAL DESTRUCTION. If the Premises is
substantially or totally destroyed by any cause whatsoever (i.e., the damage to
the Premises is greater than partial damage as described in Section 7.01), and
regardless of whether Landlord receives any insurance proceeds, this Lease shall
terminate as of the date the destruction occurred. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, if the Premises can be rebuilt within one hundred twenty (120) days
after the date of destruction, Landlord may elect to rebuild the Premises at
Landlord's own expense, in which case this Lease shall remain in full force and
effect. Landlord shall notify Tenant of such election within fifteen (15)
business days after Tenant's notice of the occurrence of total or substantial
destruction.

      Section 7.03. TEMPORARY REDUCTION OF RENT. If the Premises is destroyed or
damaged and Landlord or Tenant repairs or restores the Premises pursuant to the
provisions of this Article Seven, any rent payable during the period of such
damage, repair and/or restoration shall be reduced according to the degree, if
any, to which Tenant's use of the Premises is impaired. However, the reduction
shall not exceed the sum of one year's payment of Base Rent, Insurance Premiums
and Real Property Taxes. Except for such possible reduction in Base Rent,
Insurance Premiums and Real Property Taxes, Tenant shall not be entitled to any
compensation, reduction, or reimbursement from Landlord as a result of any
damage, destruction, repair, or restoration of or to the Premises.

ARTICLE EIGHT: CONDEMNATION

      If all or any portion of the Premises is taken under the power of eminent
domain or sold under the threat of that power (all of which are called
"Condemnation"), this Lease shall terminate as to the part taken or sold on the
date the condemning authority takes title or possession, whichever occurs first.
If more than twenty percent (20%) of the floor area

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       8
<PAGE>

of the building in which the Premises is located, or which is located on the
Premises, is taken, either Landlord or Tenant may terminate this Lease as of the
date the condemning authority takes title or possession, by delivering written
notice to the other within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice of such
taking (or in the absence of such notice, within ten (10) days after the
condemning authority takes title or possession). If neither Landlord nor Tenant
terminates this Lease, this Lease shall remain in effect as to the portion of
the Premises not taken, except that the Base Rent and Additional Rent shall be
reduced in proportion to the reduction in the floor area of the Premises. Any
Condemnation award or payment shall be distributed in the following order: (a)
first, to any ground lessor, mortgagee or beneficiary under a deed of trust
encumbering the Premises, the amount of its interest in the Premises; (b)
second, to Tenant, only the amount of any award specifically designated for loss
of or damage to Tenant's trade fixtures or removable personal property but only
if such an award is specifically made by the condemning authority; and (c)
third, to Landlord, the remainder of such award, whether as compensation for
reduction in the value of the leasehold, the taking of the fee, or otherwise. If
this Lease is not terminated, Landlord shall repair any damage to the Premises
caused by the Condemnation, except that Landlord shall not be obligated to
repair any damage for which Tenant has been reimbursed by the condemning
authority. If the severance damages received by Landlord are not sufficient to
pay for such repair, Landlord shall have the right to either terminate this
Lease or make such repair at Landlord's expense.

ARTICLE NINE: ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

      Section 9.01. LANDLORD'S CONSENT REQUIRED. No portion of the Premises or
of Tenant's interest in this Lease may be acquired by any other person or
entity, whether by sale, assignment, mortgage, sublease, transfer, operation of
law, or act of Tenant, without Landlord's prior written consent, except as
provided in Section 9.02 below. Landlord has the right to grant or withhold its
consent on the basis set forth in Section 9.05 below, but Landlord shall not
unreasonably withhold or delay giving its consent after Tenant has submitted the
information required under Section 9.05. Any attempted transfer without consent
shall be void and shall constitute a non-curable breach of this Lease.

      Section 9.02. TENANT AFFILIATE. Tenant may assign this Lease or sublease
the Premises, without Landlord's consent, to any corporation which controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with Tenant, or to any corporation with
which Tenant merges or which results from a consolidation with Tenant ("Tenant's
Affiliate"). In such case, Tenant's Affiliate shall assume in writing all of
Tenant's obligations under this Lease.

      Section 9.03. NO RELEASE OF TENANT. No transfer permitted by this Article
Nine, whether with or without Landlord's consent, shall release Tenant or change
Tenant's primary liability to pay the rent and to perform all other obligations
of Tenant under this Lease. Landlord's acceptance of rent from any other person
is not a waiver of any provision of this Article Nine. Consent to one transfer
is not a consent to any subsequent transfer. If Tenant's transferee defaults
under this Lease, Landlord may proceed directly against Tenant without pursuing
remedies against the transferee. Landlord may consent to subsequent assignments
or modifications of this Lease by Tenant's transferee, without notifying Tenant
or obtaining its consent. Such action shall not relieve Tenant's liability under
this Lease.

      Section 9.04. OFFER TO TERMINATE. If Tenant desires to assign the Lease or
sublease the Premises, Tenant shall have the right to offer, in writing, to
terminate the Lease as of a date specified in the offer. If Landlord elects in
writing to accept the offer to terminate within twenty (20) days after notice of
the offer, the Lease shall terminate as of the date specified and all the terms
and provisions of the Lease governing termination shall apply. If Landlord does
not so elect, the Lease shall continue in effect until otherwise terminated and
the provisions of Section 9.05 with respect to any proposed transfer shall
continue to apply.

      Section 9.05. LANDLORD'S CONSENT. Tenant's request for consent to any
transfer described in Section 9.01 shall set forth in writing the details of the
proposed transfer, including the name, business and financial condition of the
prospective transferee, and the financial details of the proposed transfer
(e.g., the term of and the rent and security deposit payable under any proposed
assignment or sublease). Landlord shall have the right to withhold consent, if
reasonable, or to grant consent, based on the following factors: (i) the
business of the proposed assignee or subtenant and the proposed use of the
Premises; (ii) the net worth and financial reputation of the proposed assignee
or subtenant; and (iii) Tenant's compliance with all of its obligations under
the Lease. If Landlord objects to a proposed assignment solely because of the
net worth and/or financial reputation of the proposed assignee, Tenant may
nonetheless sublease (but not assign), all or a portion of the Premises to the
proposed transferee, but only on the other terms of the proposed transfer. If
Tenant assigns or subleases, the following shall apply:

            (i) Tenant shall pay to Landlord as Additional Rent under the Lease
      the Landlord's Share (stated in Section 1.14) of the Profit (defined
      below) on such transaction as and when received by Tenant, unless Landlord
      gives written notice to Tenant and the assignee or subtenant that
      Landlord's Share shall be paid by the assignee or subtenant to Landlord
      directly. The "Profit" means (A) all amounts paid to Tenant for such
      assignment or sublease, including "key" money, monthly rent in excess of
      the monthly rent payable under the Lease, and all fees and other
      consideration paid for the assignment or sublease, including fees under
      any collateral agreements, less (B) reasonable and customary costs and
      expenses directly incurred by Tenant in connection with the execution and
      performance of such assignment or sublease for real estate broker's
      commissions and costs of renovation or construction of tenant improvements
      required under such assignment or sublease. Tenant is entitled to recover
      such costs and expenses before Tenant is obligated to pay the Landlord's
      Share to Landlord. The Profit in the case of a sublease of less than all
      the Premises is the rent allocable to the subleased space as a percentage
      on a square footage basis.

            (ii) Tenant shall provide Landlord a written statement certifying
      all amounts to be paid from any assignment or sublease of the Premises
      within thirty (30) days after the transaction documentation is signed. On
      written request, Tenant shall promptly furnish to Landlord copies of all
      the transaction documentation, all of which shall be certified by Tenant
      to be complete, true and correct. Landlord's

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       9
<PAGE>

      receipt of Landlord's Share shall not be a consent to any further
      assignment or subletting. The breach of Tenant's obligation under this
      Section 9.05(b) shall be a material default of the Lease.

      Section 9.06. NO MERGER. No merger shall result from Tenant's sublease of
the Premises under this Article Nine, Tenant's surrender of this Lease or the
termination of this Lease in any other manner. In any such event, Landlord may
terminate any or all subtenancies or succeed to the interest of Tenant as
sublandlord under any or all subtenancies.

ARTICLE TEN: DEFAULTS; REMEDIES

      Section 10.01. COVENANTS AND CONDITIONS. Landlord's and Tenant's
performance of their respective obligations under this Lease are covenants. Time
is of the essence in the performance of all covenants and conditions.

      Section 10.02. DEFAULTS. Tenant shall be in material default under this
Lease:

      (a)   If Tenant abandons the Premises or if Tenant's vacation of the
Premises results in the cancellation of any insurance described in Section 4.04;

      (b)   If Tenant fails to pay rent or any other charge when due and such
failure continues for a period of ten (10) days after Tenant receives written
notice of such default from Landlord; provided that Landlord shall not be
required to provide Tenant with more than once such 10-day notice in any
twelve-month period;

      (c)   If Tenant fails to perform any of Tenant's non-monetary obligations
under this Lease for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from
Landlord; provided that if more than thirty (30) days are required to complete
such performance, Tenant shall not be in default if Tenant commences such
performance within the thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently pursues
its completion. The notice required by this Section is intended to satisfy any
and all notice requirements imposed by law on Landlord and is not in addition to
any such requirement.

      (d)   (i) If Tenant makes a general assignment or general arrangement for
the benefit of creditors; (ii) if a petition for adjudication of bankruptcy or
for reorganization or rearrangement is filed by or against Tenant and is not
dismissed within thirty (30) days; (iii) if a trustee or receiver is appointed
to take possession of substantially all of Tenant's assets or of Tenant's
interest in this Lease and possession is not restored to Tenant within thirty
(30) days; or (iv) if substantially all of Tenant's assets located at the
Premises or of Tenant's interest in this Lease is subjected to attachment,
execution or other judicial seizure which is not discharged within thirty (30)
days. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the acts
described in this subparagraph (d) is not a default under this Lease, and a
trustee is appointed to take possession (or if Tenant remains a debtor in
possession) and such trustee or Tenant transfers Tenant's interest hereunder,
then Landlord shall receive, as Additional Rent, the excess, if any, of the rent
(or any other consideration) paid in connection with such assignment or sublease
over the rent payable by Tenant under this Lease.

      Section 10.03. REMEDIES. On the occurrence of any material default by
Tenant, Landlord may, at any time thereafter, with or without notice or demand
and without limiting Landlord in the exercise of any right or remedy which
landlord may have:

      (a)   Terminate Tenant's right to possession of the Premises by any lawful
means, in which case this Lease shall terminate and Tenant stall immediately
surrender possession of the Premises to Landlord. In such event, Landlord shall
be entitled to recover from Tenant all damages incurred by Landlord by reason of
Tenant's default, including (i) the worth at the time of the award of the unpaid
Base Rent, Additional Rent and other charges which Landlord had earned at the
time of the termination; (ii) the worth at time of the award of the amount by
which the unpaid Base Rent, Additional Rent and other charges which Landlord
would have earned after termination until the time of the award exceeds the
amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves Landlord could have reasonably
avoided; (iii) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which the
unpaid Base Rent, Additional Rent and other charges which Tenant would have paid
for the balance of the Lease Term after the time of award exceeds the amount of
such rental loss that Tenant proves Landlord could have reasonably avoided; and
(iv) any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment
proximately caused by Tenant's failure to perform its obligations under the
Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result
therefrom, including, but not limited to, any costs or expenses Landlord incurs
in maintaining or preserving the Premises after such default, the cost of
recovering possession of the Premises, expenses of reletting, including
necessary renovation or alteration of the Premises, Landlord's reasonable
attorneys' fees incurred in connection therewith, and any real estate commission
paid or payable. As used in subparts (i) and (ii) above, the "worth at the time
of the award" is computed by allowing interest on unpaid amounts at the rate of
fifteen percent (15%) per annum, or such lesser amount as may then be the
maximum lawful rate. As used in subpart (iii) above, the "worth at the time of
the award" is computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the
Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta at the time of the award, plus one percent (1%).
If Tenant has abandoned the Premises, Landlord shall have the option of (i)
retaking possession of the Premises and recovering from Tenant the amount
specified in this Section 10.03(a), or (ii) proceeding under Section 10.03(b);

      (b)   Maintain Tenant's right to possession, in which case this Lease
shall continue in effect whether or not Tenant has abandoned the Premises. In
such event, Landlord shall be entitled to enforce all of Landlord's rights and
remedies under this Lease, including the right to recover the rent as it becomes
due;

      (c)   Pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available to Landlord under
the laws or judicial decisions of the state in which the Premises is located.

      Section 10.04. MITIGATION. If an event of default occurs, Landlord and
Tenant will each use reasonable efforts to mitigate their damages. Landlord will
be conclusively deemed to have fulfilled its obligation to do so if it lists the
Premises for lease with a real estate broker on terms recommended by the broker.
Landlord will not be obligated to accept less than the then current market rent
for the Premises; lease (or accept an assignment or sublease) to a then existing
tenant

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       10
<PAGE>

of the Building if Landlord is then offering space in the Building for lease;
deviate from its then established guidelines for tenants including without
limitation use, experience, reputation, and creditworthiness; expand or contract
the Premises; extend the term of this Lease; or expend any money on behalf of a
new tenant. Tenant will not have any claim against Landlord on account of
Landlord's failure to mitigate its damages; however, it will have a defense to a
claim by Landlord to the extent allowed by law.

      Section 10.05. AUTOMATIC TERMINATION. Notwithstanding any other term or
provision hereof to the contrary, the Lease shall terminate on the occurrence of
any act which affirms the Landlord's intention to terminate the Lease as
provided in Section 10.03 hereof, including the filing of an unlawful detainer
action against Tenant. On such termination, Landlord's damages for default shall
include all costs and fees, including reasonable attorneys' fees that Landlord
incurs in connection with the filing, commencement, pursuing and/or defending of
any action in any bankruptcy court or other court with respect to the Lease; the
obtaining of relief from any stay in bankruptcy restraining any action to evict
Tenant; or the pursuing of any action with respect to Landlord's right to
possession of the Premises. All such damages suffered (apart from Base Rent and
other rent payable hereunder) shall constitute pecuniary damages which must be
reimbursed to Landlord prior to assumption of the Lease by Tenant or any
successor to Tenant in any bankruptcy or other proceeding.

      Section 10.06. CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. Landlord's exercise of any right or
remedy shall not prevent it from exercising any other right or remedy.

ARTICLE ELEVEN: PROTECTION OF LENDERS

      Section 11.01. SUBORDINATION. Landlord shall have the right to subordinate
this Lease to any ground lease, deed of trust or mortgage encumbering the
Premises, any advances made on the security thereof and any renewals,
modifications, consolidations, replacements or extensions thereof, whenever made
or recorded. Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord and any lender which is
acquiring a security interest in the Premises or the Lease. Tenant shall execute
such further documents and assurances as such lender may require, provided that
Tenant's obligations under this Lease shall not be increased in any material way
(the performance of ministerial acts shall not be deemed material), and Tenant
shall not be deprived of its rights under this Lease. Tenant's right to quiet
possession of the Premises during the Lease Term shall not be disturbed if
Tenant pays the rent and performs all of Tenant's obligations under this Lease
and is not otherwise in default. If any ground lessor, beneficiary or mortgagee
elects to have this Lease prior to the lien of its ground lease, deed of trust
or mortgage and gives written notice thereof to Tenant, this Lease shall be
deemed prior to such ground lease, deed of trust or mortgage whether this Lease
is dated prior or subsequent to the date of said ground lease, deed of trust or
mortgage or the date of recording thereof.

      Section 11.02. ATTORNMENT. If Landlord's interest in the Premises is
acquired by any ground lessor, beneficiary under a deed of trust, mortgagee, or
purchaser at a foreclosure sale, Tenant shall attorn to the transferee of or
successor to Landlord's interest in the Premises and recognize such transferee
or successor as Landlord under this Lease. Tenant waives the protection of any
statute or rule of law which gives or purports to give Tenant any right to
terminate this Lease or surrender possession of the Premises upon the transfer
of Landlord's interest.

      Section 11.03 NON-DISTURBANCE. As a condition to the effectiveness of the
subordination and attornment in this Article Eleven, Landlord will obtain a
reasonably acceptable non-disturbance agreement from the holder of any ground
lease, deed of trust or mortgage. The non-disturbance agreement will provide
that Tenant will not be disturbed by such holder so long as Tenant is in
compliance with the terms of this Lease.

      Section 11.04. SIGNING OF DOCUMENTS. Tenant shall sign and deliver to
Landlord, within ten (10) business days after written consent therefor, any
instrument or documents (which shall be in form and substance substantially
similar to that signed by Tenant in connection with the execution and delivery
of this Lease) necessary or appropriate to evidence any such attornment or
subordination or agreement to do so.

      Section 11.05. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES.

      (a)   Upon Landlord's written request, Tenant shall execute, acknowledge
and deliver to Landlord a written statement certifying: (i) that none of the
terms or provisions of this Lease have been changed (or if they have been
changed, stating how they have been changed); (ii) that this Lease has not been
cancelled or terminated; (iii) the last date of payment of the Base Rent and
other charges and the time period covered by such payment; (iv) that Landlord is
not in default under this Lease (or, if Landlord is claimed to be in default,
stating why); and (v) such other representations or information with respect to
Tenant or the Lease as Landlord may reasonably request or which any prospective
purchaser or encumbrancer of the Premises may require. Tenant shall deliver such
statement to Landlord within ten (10) days after Landlord's request. Landlord
may give any such statement by Tenant to any prospective purchaser or
encumbrancer of the Premises. Such purchaser or encumbrancer may rely
conclusively upon such statement as true and correct.

      (b)   If Tenant does not deliver such statement to Landlord within such
ten (10) day period, Landlord, and any prospective purchaser or encumbrancer,
may conclusively presume and rely upon the following facts: (i) that the terms
and provisions of this Lease have not been changed except as otherwise
represented by Landlord; (ii) that this Lease has not been cancelled or
terminated except as otherwise represented by Landlord; (iii) that not more than
one month's Base Rent or other charges have been paid in advance; and (iv) that
Landlord is not in default under the Lease. In such event, Tenant shall be
estopped from denying the truth of such facts.

      Section 11.06. TENANT'S FINANCIAL CONDITION. Within ten (10) days after
written request from Landlord, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord such financial
statements as Landlord reasonably requires to verify the net worth of Tenant or
any assignee, subtenant, or guarantor of Tenant. In addition, Tenant shall
deliver to any lender designated by Landlord any financial statements required
by such lender to facilitate the financing or refinancing of the Premises.
Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that each such financial statement is
a true and accurate statement as of the date of such statement. All financial
statements shall be confidential and shall be used only for the purposes set
forth in this

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       11
<PAGE>

Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to deliver
the foregoing financial information to Landlord during any period in which (a)
Tenant is subject to the reporting obligations under Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (b) Tenant has not materially delayed the
filing of all such required reports with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission.

ARTICLE TWELVE: LEGAL COSTS

      Section 12.01. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. If Tenant shall be in breach or default
under this Lease, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord upon demand for any costs or
expenses that the Landlord incurs in connection with any breach or default of
Tenant under this Lease, whether or not suit is commenced or judgment entered.
Such costs shall include legal fees and costs incurred for the negotiation of a
settlement, enforcement of rights or otherwise. Furthermore, if any action for
breach of or to enforce the provisions of this Lease is commenced, the court in
such action shall award to Landlord, a reasonable sum as attorneys' fees and
costs. Tenant shall also indemnify Landlord against and hold Landlord harmless
from all costs, expenses, demands and liability Landlord may incur if Landlord
becomes or is made a party to any claim or action (a) instituted by Tenant
against any third party, or by any third party against Tenant, or by or against
any person holding any interest under or using the Premises by license of or
agreement with Tenant; (b) for foreclosure of any lien for labor or material
furnished to or for Tenant or such other person; (c) otherwise arising out of or
resulting from any act or transaction of Tenant or such other person; or (d)
necessary to protect Landlord's interest under this Lease in a bankruptcy
proceeding, or other proceeding under Title 11 of the United States Code, as
amended. Tenant shall defend Landlord against any such claim or action at
Tenant's expense with counsel reasonably acceptable to Landlord or, at
Landlord's election, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for any legal fees or costs
Landlord incurs in any such claim or action.

      Section 12.02. LANDLORD'S CONSENT. Tenant shall pay Landlord's reasonable
attorneys' fees incurred in connection with Tenant's request for Landlord's
consent under Article Nine (Assignment and Subletting), or in connection with
any other act which Tenant proposes to do and which requires Landlord's consent,
but in no event more than $2,500.00 per requested consent.

ARTICLE THIRTEEN: MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

      Section 13.01. LANDLORD'S LIABILITY; CERTAIN DUTIES.

      (a) As used in this Lease, the term "Landlord" means only the current
owner or owners of the fee title to the Premises or Premises or the leasehold
estate under a ground lease of the Premises or Project at the time in question.
Each Landlord is obligated to perform the obligations of Landlord under this
Lease only during the time such Landlord owns such interest or title. Any
Landlord who transfers its title or interest is relieved of all liability with
respect to the obligations of Landlord under this Lease to be performed on or
after the date of transfer. However, each Landlord shall deliver to its
transferee all funds that Tenant previously paid if such funds have not yet been
applied under the terms of this Lease.

      (b)   Tenant shall give written notice of any failure by Landlord to
perform any of its obligations under this Lease to Landlord and to any ground
lessor, mortgagee or beneficiary under any deed of trust encumbering the
Premises whose name and address have been furnished to Tenant in writing.
Landlord shall not be in default under this Lease unless Landlord (or such
ground lessor, mortgagee or beneficiary) fails to cure such non-performance
within thirty (30) days after receipt of Tenant's notice. However, if such
non-performance reasonably requires more than thirty (30) days to cure, Landlord
shall not be in default if such cure is commenced within such thirty (30) -day
period and thereafter diligently pursued to completion.

      (c)   Notwithstanding any term or provision herein to the contrary, the
liability of Landlord for the performance of its duties and obligations under
this Lease is limited to Landlord's interest in the Premises and the Project,
and neither the Landlord nor its partners, shareholders, officers or other
principals shall have any personal liability under this Lease.

      Section 13.02. SEVERABILITY. A determination by a court of competent
jurisdiction that any provision of this Lease or any part thereof is illegal or
unenforceable shall not cancel or invalidate the remainder of such provision or
this Lease, which shall remain in full force and effect.

      Section 13.03. INTERPRETATION. The captions of the Articles or Sections of
this Lease are to assist the parties in reading this Lease and are not a part of
the terms or provisions of this Lease. Whenever required by the context of this
Lease, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the
singular. The masculine, feminine and neuter genders shall each include the
other. In any provision relating to the conduct, acts or omissions of Tenant,
the term "Tenant" shall include Tenant's agents, employees, contractors,
invitees, successors or others using the Premises with Tenant's expressed or
implied permission.

      Section 13.04. INCORPORATION OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS; MODIFICATIONS. This
Lease is the only agreement between the parties pertaining to the lease of the
Premises and no other agreements are effective. All amendments to this Lease
shall be in writing and signed by all parties. Any other attempted amendment
shall be void.

      Section 13.05. NOTICES. All-notices required or permitted under this Lease
shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to Tenant shall be delivered
to the address specified in Section 1.03 above, except that upon Tenant's taking
possession of the Premises, the Premises shall be Tenant's address for notice
purposes. Notices to Landlord shall be delivered to the address specified in
Section 1.02 above. All notices shall be effective upon delivery. Either party
may change its notice address upon written notice to the other party.

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       12
<PAGE>

      Section 13.06. WAIVERS. All waivers must be in writing and signed by the
waiving party. Landlord's failure to enforce any provision of this Lease or its
acceptance of rent shall not be a waiver and shall not prevent Landlord from
enforcing that provision or any other provision of this Lease in the future. No
statement on a payment check from Tenant or in a letter accompanying a payment
check shall be binding on Landlord. Landlord may, with or without notice to
Tenant, negotiate such check without being bound to the conditions of such
statement.

      Section 13.07. NO RECORDATION. Tenant shall not record this Lease without
prior written consent from Landlord. However, either Landlord or Tenant may
require that a "Short Form" memorandum of this Lease executed by both parties be
recorded. The party requiring such recording shall pay all recording taxes and
recording fees.

      Section 13.08. BINDING EFFECT; CHOICE OF LAW. This Lease binds any party
who legally acquires any rights or interest in this Lease from Landlord or
Tenant. However, Landlord shall have no obligation to Tenant's successor unless
the rights or interests of Tenant's successor are acquired in accordance with
the terms of this Lease. The laws of the state in which the Premises are located
shall govern this Lease.

      Section 13.09. CORPORATE AUTHORITY; PARTNERSHIP AUTHORITY. If Tenant is a
corporation, each person signing this Lease on behalf of Tenant represents and
warrants that he has full authority to do so and that this Lease binds the
corporation. If Tenant is a partnership, each person or entity signing this
Lease for Tenant represents and warrants that he or it is a general partner of
the partnership, that he or it has full authority to sign for the partnership
and that this Lease binds the partnership and all general partners of the
partnership. Tenant shall give written notice to Landlord of any general
partner's withdrawal or addition. Within thirty (30) days after this Lease is
signed, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of Tenant's recorded statement
of partnership or certificate of limited partnership.

      Section 13.10. JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. All parties signing this Lease
as Tenant shall be jointly and severally liable for all obligations of Tenant.

      Section 13.11. FORCE MAJEURE.

      (a)   If either party is prevented from complying (the "Non-compliant
Party"), either totally or in part with any of the terms or provisions set forth
herein (except for an obligation to make monetary payments), by reason of Force
Majeure (as defined below), the Non-compliant Party shall provide written notice
of same to the other party (the "Other Party"). Said notice (i) shall be
provided within ten (10) business days of the date that the Other Party first
notifies the Non-compliant Party of its obligations hereunder (whether pursuant
to Article Ten, Article Fifteen, or otherwise) and shall identify the
requirements of this Lease or such of its obligations as may be affected, and
(ii) to the extent so affected and beyond the Non-compliant Party's reasonable
control, said obligations shall be suspended during the period of such
disability.

      (b)   The Non-compliant Party shall use its best efforts to remove such
disability, and shall continue performance whenever such causes are removed. The
Non-compliant Party shall give to the Other Party a good faith estimate of the
continuing effect of the Force Majeure condition and the duration of the
Non-compliant Party's nonperformance.

      (c)   If the period of any previous actual nonperformance of a
Non-compliant Party because of such Noncompliant Party's Force Majeure
conditions plus the anticipated future period of such Non-compliant Party's
nonperformance because of such conditions will exceed an aggregate of thirty
(30) days within any twenty-four (24) month period, the Other Party may pursue
its rights and remedies under the Lease or at law or equity (but in no event
including a right to terminate this Lease. If permitted under applicable law)
irrespective of the Force Majeure event and this Section 13.11 shall have no
further force or effect with respect to such Force Majeure event.

      (d)   As used herein, the term "Force Majeure" means any event or
condition, not existing as of the Commencement Date and not reasonably within
the control of either party, which prevents in whole or in material part the
performance by the Non-compliant Party of its obligations (other than payment of
monies) hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, the following shall
constitute events or conditions of Force Majeure: acts of God or State (or
governmental agencies or instrumentalities), or governmental action, riots,
civil disturbance, war, rebellion, terrorism, fire, flood, storm, hurricane,
earthquake, lightning, accidents, and explosion, or any other external or
non-negligent internal cause or externally induced casualty, which, in each
instance, are beyond its reasonable control, whether similar to the foregoing
contingencies or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no event of casualty or
condemnation governed by Article Seven or Article Eight shall be deemed to be an
event of "Force Majeure".

      Section 13.12. EXECUTION OF LEASE. This Lease may be executed in
counterparts and, when all counterpart documents are executed, the counterparts
shall constitute a single binding instrument. Landlord's delivery of this Lease
to Tenant shall not be deemed to be an offer to lease and shall not be binding
upon either party until executed and delivered by both parties.

      Section 13.13. SURVIVAL. All representations and warranties of Landlord
and Tenant shall survive the termination of this Lease.

      Section 13.14 LANDLORD'S CONSENT. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, in any instance in which the Landlord is requested to
grant a consent or approval or otherwise exercise its discretion hereunder
Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold, condition (subject, however, to any
conditions expressly set forth herein as applicable to a particular consent), or
delay any such consent or approval and should only exercise its discretion in
good faith.

      Section 13.15 WAIVER OF LANDLORD LIEN. Landlord hereby waives any lien
upon, or security interest in, the personal property of the Tenant located at
the Premises, that it may have under applicable law.

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       13
<PAGE>

ARTICLE FOURTEEN: BROKERS

      Section 14.01. BROKER'S FEE. When this Lease is signed by and delivered to
both Landlord and Tenant, Landlord shall pay a real estate commission to
Landlord's and Tenant's Brokers named in Section 1.08 above, if any, as provided
in the written agreement between Landlord and Brokers, or the sum stated in
Section 1.09. If a Tenant's Broker is named in Section 1.08 above, Landlord's
Broker shall pay an appropriate portion of its commission to Tenant's Broker if
so provided in any agreement between Landlord's Broker and Tenant's Broker.
Nothing contained in this Lease shall impose any obligation on Landlord to pay a
commission or fee to any party other than Landlord's Broker.

      Section 14.02. AGENCY DISCLOSURE; NO OTHER BROKERS. Landlord and Tenant
each warrant that they have dealt with no other real estate broker(s) in
connection with this transaction except: Graham & Company, Inc. who represents
the Landlord and Stream Realty Partners, L.P. who represents the Tenant.

ARTICLE FIFTEEN: LANDLORD REPRESENTATIONS AND DEFAULT

      Section 15.01 LANDLORD'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. In addition to
any other representation or warranty contained herein, Landlord covenants and
warrants that:

      (i)   The Landlord is a limited liability company duly organized, validly
existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization. The Landlord has full power and authority (including full limited
liability company power and authority) to execute and deliver this Lease and to
perform its obligations hereunder. This Lease constitutes the valid and legally
binding obligation of the Landlord, enforceable in accordance with its terms and
conditions. Neither the execution and the delivery of this Lease, nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will violate any
constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree,
ruling, charge, or other restriction of any government, governmental agency
("Applicable Law"), or court to which the Landlord is subject or any provision
of the organizational documents of the Landlord.

      (ii)  To the best of Landlord's knowledge, Landlord has good and
marketable title to the Project, subject to (a) those matters set forth on the
title insurance policy issued to Landlord by Lawyers Title Insurance Corporation
dated December 22, 2003, Policy Number A75-0942599, a true and complete copy of
which has been provided to Tenant, (b) any matters of record applicable to the
Project subsequent to the date of said title policy, and (c) matters that would
be revealed by a current survey or inspection of the Project.

      (iii) As of the date of this Lease, Building One has been constructed and
maintained in accordance with normal industry practice, is in good operating
condition and repair.

      Section 15.02 LANDLORD DEFAULT. The following events shall be deemed to be
events of default by Landlord under this Lease ("Landlord Default"):

      (a)   If Landlord fails to maintain the insurance required under Section
4.04(b);

      (b)   If Landlord fails to maintain the Common Areas as required in
Section 4.05(d);

      (c)   If Landlord fails to maintain and/or repair the foundation, roof and
structural portions of the exterior walls as required in Section 6.03;

      (d)   If any of the representations and warranties made by Landlord herein
are not true when made and, to the extent practical, if Landlord fails to take
such remedial action as is necessary to render such representation and/or
warranty true within a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from
Tenant; provided that if more than thirty (30) days are required to complete
such action, Landlord shall not be in default if Landlord commences such action
within the thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently pursues its
completion.

      Section 15.03 TENANT REMEDIES. If Landlord fails to perform any
maintenance or repair required to be performed by Landlord under Sections
4.05(d) or 6.03 of this Lease within ten (10) business days from Landlord's
receipt of written notice thereof from Tenant which specifies the condition
requiring maintenance or repair and declares that it is delivered pursuant to
this Section 15.03 (the "Tenant's Repair Notice") and as a result Tenant's
ability to conduct its business in the Premises is materially impaired, then
Tenant shall be entitled to cause such repairs to me made and to offset rent in
the amount of the reasonable out-of-pocket costs it incurs in making such
repairs (provided that such costs are properly documented by Tenant with copies
of such documentation being promptly provided to Landlord) until Tenant recovers
all such costs, provided that in no event shall Tenant make offsets for any
claims with value in excess of $50,000 without obtaining a final court order.
The remedies set forth in this Section shall be in addition to any rights
available to Tenant at law or equity, but in no event shall Tenant have the
right to terminate this Lease. If Landlord is unable to correct the breach of
any representation or warranty which is untrue when made within the time
permitted in Section 15.02(d), Tenant may elect to prosecute a claim against
Landlord for all out-of-pocket, direct (but not consequential) damages which it
sustains as a direct result of any such breach by Landlord.

             [The remainder of this page left blank intentionally.]

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       14
<PAGE>

      Landlord and Tenant have signed this Lease at the place and on the dates
specified adjacent to their signatures below and have initialed all Riders which
are attached to or incorporated by reference in this Lease.

                                                "LANDLORD"

                                    Gazelle, LLC, an Alabama limited liability
                                    company
Sworn to and subscribed before me   By: Graham & Company, Inc., its Manager

this _____ day of _________,2004.   By: ______________________________________
_________________________________   Its:  ____________________________________
Notary Public

My commission expires:___________   Signed on __________________________, 2004

[NOTARIAL SEAL]                     at _______________________________________


                                                 "TENANT"

                                    D&K Healthcare Resources Inc., a Delaware
                                    Corporation
Sworn to and subscribed before me

this _____ day of _________,2004.   By: ______________________________________
_________________________________   Its:  ____________________________________
Notary Public

My commission expires:___________   Signed on __________________________, 2004

[NOTARIAL SEAL]                     at _______________________________________

                                                              Initials: _______
                                                                        _______

                                       15
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT A
                                  THE PROJECT

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       16
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT B
                        TENANT PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       17
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT C
                         ADDITIONAL TERMS OF THE LEASE

The following additional terms are made a part of the Lease:

TENANT IMPROVEMENT REIMBURSEMENT:   Landlord shall reimburse Tenant in an amount
                                    not to exceed $920,000 (the "Improvement
                                    Allowance") for the cost of constructing
                                    certain interior improvements to the
                                    Premises, as reflected on Exhibit B attached
                                    hereto (Tenant Plans and Specifications).
                                    Tenant hereby covenants and agrees to
                                    construct all of its improvements in
                                    accordance with all applicable building
                                    codes, laws and regulations. All
                                    improvements constructed with this allowance
                                    shall be the property of Landlord. The
                                    Improvement Allowance shall be paid to
                                    Tenant as construction progresses (but not
                                    more than once per month). Landlord shall
                                    make payments to Tenant within 10 calendar
                                    days after Tenant submits to Landlord
                                    appropriate documentation of Tenant's costs
                                    (including a certificate from Tenant's
                                    architect and lien waivers covering the work
                                    for which payment is requested from all
                                    contractors and subcontractors performing
                                    work at the Premises. The final $100,000 of
                                    this allowance shall not be disbursed to
                                    Tenant until Tenant has satisfied the
                                    foregoing conditions and (a) Tenant has
                                    received a certificate of occupancy from
                                    Jefferson County (a copy of which shall be
                                    provided to Landlord), and (b) Tenant has
                                    commenced to pay Rent.

AMORTIZED RENT:                     In addition to the improvement allowance
                                    described above, at Tenant's request,
                                    Landlord shall make available to Tenant an
                                    additional sum in an amount of up to
                                    $970,000 (the "Additional Allowance") to be
                                    used by Tenant to make pre-approved
                                    permanent improvements to the Premises (but
                                    not to purchase and equipment or trade
                                    fixtures). The amount of the Additional
                                    Allowance provided to Tenant shall be repaid
                                    to Landlord in the form of "Amortized Rent",
                                    which shall be computed by amortizing the
                                    amount so paid by Landlord over the initial
                                    Lease Term at 9% interest per annum. The
                                    Amortized Rent will be due and payable
                                    commencing on December 1, 2004 (or on the
                                    first of the month on which all improvements
                                    have been completed) and thereafter on the
                                    first day of each month without demand, but
                                    will not escalate each year with the Base
                                    Rent. The Additional Allowance shall be paid
                                    to Tenant as improvements are made (but not
                                    more than once per month). Landlord shall
                                    make payments to Tenant within 10 calendar
                                    days after Tenant submits to Landlord
                                    appropriate documentation of Tenant's costs
                                    (including a certificate from Tenant's
                                    architect and lien waivers covering the work
                                    for which payment is requested) from all
                                    contractors and subcontractors performing
                                    work at the Premises.

EXPANSION:                          During the term of this Lease, provided
                                    Tenant is not then in default and Tenant's
                                    financial condition is acceptable to
                                    Landlord, Tenant shall have the right of
                                    first offer ("Right of First Offer") to
                                    lease all (but not less than all) of the six
                                    (6) adjoining bays (120.120 s.f.) currently
                                    occupied by Decoma International ("Decoma")
                                    (the "Offer Space"), subject to the
                                    following terms. If Landlord receives notice
                                    that Decoma has terminated its lease,
                                    Landlord shall notify Tenant of such event,
                                    whereupon Tenant shall have five (5)
                                    business days to notify Landlord in writing
                                    of its election to lease the Offer Space. If
                                    Tenant declines to lease the Offer Space, or
                                    fails to respond within this allowed time
                                    period. Tenant's Right of First Offer shall
                                    terminate and cease to be effective. If
                                    Tenant elects to lease the Offer Space, such
                                    space shall be added to the Premises and
                                    become a part thereof upon and subject to
                                    all of the terms and conditions of this
                                    Lease after Tenant has notified Landlord
                                    that it elects to the lease the Offer Space
                                    effective upon the date Landlord has
                                    delivered the Offer Space. Landlord and
                                    Tenant shall, within 30 days after Tenant
                                    elects to add the Offer Space to the Lease,
                                    execute an amendment to the Lease confirming
                                    in writing the terms applicable to the Offer
                                    Space.

RENEWAL OPTION:                     Provided Tenant is not then in default under
                                    the terms of this Lease, Tenant shall have
                                    the right to renew this lease for one term
                                    of seven (7) additional years (the "Option
                                    Term"). To exercise this option, Tenant
                                    shall give Landlord not less than 180 days
                                    written notice prior to November 30, 2014.
                                    Failure to do so shall constitute an
                                    irrevocable waiver of this renewal option.
                                    The Base Rent during the option period shall
                                    the Base Rent during the last year of the
                                    primary Lease Term increased by 1.75%. The
                                    Base rent shall continue to increase at the
                                    rate of 1.75% each year during the Option
                                    Term.

ADA:                                Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant
                                    that on the Commencement Date, the building
                                    shell and parking lots will be in compliance
                                    with current

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       18
<PAGE>

                                    ADA requirements.

HAZARDOUS MATERIALS:                Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the
                                    contrary, Landlord shall indemnify and hold
                                    Tenant harmless from any costs or damages
                                    Tenant sustains arising from (a) the
                                    presence of any Hazardous Materials on the
                                    Premises in violation of applicable law as
                                    of the Commencement Date, and (b) during the
                                    Lease Term, the presence of any Hazardous
                                    Materials on the Premises in violation of
                                    applicable law caused solely by the
                                    Landlord.

ELECTRICAL SERVICE:                 Tenant shall have exclusive rights to use up
                                    to 1,600 amps from the main building
                                    electrical service.

SECURITY DEPOSIT:                   Landlord shall not require a security
                                    deposit from Tenant, provided that Landlord
                                    receives the most recent audited financial
                                    statements of Tenant and approves the same.

                                                              Initials: ________
                                                                        ________

                                       19

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c88104exv13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRANT'S 2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                               .
                                                                               .
                                                                               .

                                                                      EXHIBIT 13

REGISTRANT'S 2004 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Fiscal Year Ended
Income Statement Data (1)                          ---------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------                            June 30,     June 30,     June 30,     June 30,     June 30,
(in thousands, except share and per share data)       2004         2003         2002         2001         2000
- -----------------------------------------------    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Net sales                                          $ 2,251,190  $ 2,223,388  $ 2,453,748  $ 1,645,993  $ 1,458,047
Gross profit                                           103,395       90,699      102,831       68,824       56,422
Income from operations                                  31,739       36,387       46,339       26,946       22,299
Net income                                              10,214        9,686       21,059        9,144        8,199
Pro forma net income (2)                                10,214       15,140       21,059        9,144        8,199
Diluted earnings per share  (2)                           0.71         0.65         1.42         1.01         0.92
Pro forma diluted earnings per share(2)(3)                0.71         1.03         1.42         1.01         0.92
Diluted common shares outstanding                   14,137,044   14,513,116   14,677,781    9,131,514    9,099,752
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Balance Sheet Data
- ------------------
(in thousands)          June 30, 2004  June 30, 2003  June 30, 2002   June 30, 2001  June 30, 2000
- ------------------      -------------  -------------  -------------   -------------  -------------
<S>                     <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
Current assets             $634,300       $404,129       $413,914        $270,050       $237,494
Working capital             382,900        215,639        182,636          97,533         93,556
Total assets                743,871        472,695        483,138         330,204        294,419
Long-term debt              307,693        110,423         81,457          94,489         99,647
Stockholders' equity        179,330        170,079        167,397          57,510         45,265
</TABLE>

  (1) Refer to page 2 of the Form 10-K for a description of significant company
      events that explain income statement and balance sheet trends.

  (2) In fiscal 2003, pro forma net income and pro forma diluted earnings per
      share exclude a one-time charge for an accounting change related to the
      adoption of SFAS 142 (reduced diluted EPS by $0.30 and net income by
      $4,249) and the termination of the company's accounts receivable
      securitization program (reduced diluted EPS by $0.08 and net income by
      $1,205).

  (3) Adjusted to reflect 2-for-1 stock split effective April 12, 2002.

PRICE RANGE PER COMMON SHARE:

D&K Healthcare's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the
trading symbol "DKHR". Prior to July 1, 2003, D&K Healthcare's common stock was
traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol "DKWD". As of
September 7, 2004, there were approximately 4,600 shareholders based on the
number of record holders and an estimated number of beneficial holders of the
company's common stock. The following table sets forth the high and low sale
prices of D&K Healthcare common stock for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
2004                                  Low                 High
<S>                                 <C>                 <C>
First Quarter                       $ 13.09             $ 18.35
Second Quarter                        12.02               15.90
Third Quarter                          9.70               14.50
Fourth Quarter                        10.00               14.91
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
2003                                 Low                  High
<S>                                 <C>                 <C>
First Quarter                       $ 8.12              $ 34.81
Second Quarter                        7.38                10.75
Third Quarter                         8.25                10.56
Fourth Quarter                       10.18                16.43
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

CORPORATE OFFICES:

D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
8235 Forsyth Boulevard
St. Louis, Missouri 63105
(888) 727-3485
(314) 727-3485
Fax: (314) 727-5759
web: www.dkhealthcare.com

TRANSFER AGENT REGISTRAR:

Computershare Investor Services LLC
2 North LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois   60602
(312) 588-4192
www.computershare.com/contactus

AUDITORS:

KPMG LLP
St. Louis, Missouri

COUNSEL:

Armstrong Teasdale LLP
St. Louis, Missouri

ANNUAL MEETING:

The annual meeting of stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m. Wednesday,
November 10, 2004, at the company's corporate office, 8235 Forsyth Boulevard,
9th Floor, St. Louis, Missouri.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c88104exv14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRANT'S CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHINCS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 14

                        D & K HEALTHCARE RESOURCES, INC.

                      CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS
                         (ADOPTED ON NOVEMBER 12, 2003)

INTRODUCTION

      The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of D & K Healthcare Resources,
Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively the "Company"), is embodied in the
following standards and is a guide to ethical decision-making. We are committed
to uncompromising integrity in all that we do and how we relate to each other
and to persons outside the Company. While the standards in the Code are mainly
based on laws to which we are all subject, in some cases they go beyond legal
obligations. In this respect, the Code reflects the values that define the
Company and the principle that we must strive to avoid any circumstances that
may give rise to even an appearance of impropriety. The standards in this Code
may be further explained or implemented through policy memoranda or other
compliance manuals, including those relating to specific areas of our business.
This Code and related memoranda and manuals are available from the Company's
General Counsel or Director of Human Resources.

      Each of us is personally responsible for making sure that our business
decisions and actions comply at all times with the letter and spirit of this
Code. Given the pace of changes in our industry, no set of standards should be
considered the final word in all circumstances. When you have doubts about the
application of a standard or where we have not addressed a situation that
presents an ethical issue, you should seek guidance from your immediate
supervisor or from the General Counsel of the Company. In addition, each of us
has a duty to report behavior on the part of others that appears to violate this
Code or any other compliance policy or procedure of the Company.

      All supervisory and management personnel, including all officers and
directors of the Company, have a special responsibility to lead according to the
standards in this Code, in both words and action. Our supervisory and management
personnel are also expected to adhere to and promote our "open door" policy.
This means that they are available to anyone with ethical concerns, questions or
complaints. The Company's Audit Committee also maintains a confidential post
office box that you can use in those circumstances, the details of which are set
out at the end of this Code. Concerns may also be raised with the Company's
General Counsel. All concerns, questions and complaints will be taken seriously
and handled promptly, confidentially and professionally. No retaliation will be
taken against any employee for raising any concern, question or complaint in
good faith.

      The following standards of conduct will be enforced at all organizational
levels. Anyone who violates them will be subject to prompt disciplinary action,
including dismissal for cause.

<PAGE>

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS, ETC.

      It is the Company's policy to be a good "corporate citizen." Wherever we
do business, employees of the Company are required to comply with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations. Employees are also responsible for complying with
requirements of contracts that we have entered into with other parties, such as
intellectual property licenses (e.g., software licenses related to software
packages used in our business), confidentiality agreements, leases, etc. The
standards in this Code must of course be interpreted in light of the law and
practices where we operate, as well as good common sense. Reasons such as
"everyone does it" or "it's not illegal" are unacceptable as excuses for
violating our Code. Any suspected or actual violation of any applicable law,
rule or regulation or our contractual undertakings should be reported
immediately to the employee's immediate supervisor or the General Counsel.

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

      A conflict of interest occurs whenever our private interests interfere
with the interests of the Company as a whole. In order for the Company to carry
out its business effectively, it must be assured of its employees' loyalty.
Employees must therefore refrain from entering into relationships that might
impair their judgment as to what is best for the Company. Even relationships
that give the appearance of a conflict of interest should be avoided. You cannot
avoid these standards by acting through someone else, such as a friend or family
member.

      There are many different ways in which conflicts of interest arise. For
example, personal financial interests, obligations to another company or
governmental entity or the desire to help a relative or friend are all factors
that might divide our loyalties. To clarify what we mean, we have set out below
our policies about the most common types of conflicts of interest.

      Employees who believe it is not possible to avoid a conflict of interest
must bring this to the attention of, and make full written disclosure of the
surrounding circumstances to, their immediate supervisor, who should in
appropriate circumstances bring it to the attention of the General Counsel.

            - OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT AND DIRECTORSHIPS

            Members of the Board of Directors of the Company, officers and
      employees may not work, or receive compensation, for services from any
      competitor, customer or supplier unless the relationship and compensation
      have been approved by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Operating
      Officer of the Company (or in the case of members of the Board of
      Directors or executive officers, by the independent members of the Board
      of Directors of the Company.) Most of these situations are likely to
      present conflicts of interest. Even where approval is granted, employees,
      officers and members must take appropriate steps

                                       2
<PAGE>

      to separate Company and non-Company activities. The General Counsel will
      assist you in determining what steps are appropriate.

            - INVESTMENTS

            Employees, officers and members of the Board of Directors of the
      Company may not have financial interests in any competitor, customer,
      distributor or supplier where this would influence, or appear to
      influence, their actions on behalf of the Company. If there is any doubt
      about how an investment might be perceived, you should discuss it in
      advance with your immediate supervisor or the General Counsel.

            - USING THE COMPANY'S TIME AND ASSETS FOR PERSONAL BENEFIT

            You may not perform non-Company work or solicit that work on the
      Company's premises or while working on the Company's time, including any
      paid leave you are granted by the Company. Also, you are not permitted to
      use Company assets (including equipment, telephones, materials, resources
      or proprietary information) for any outside work.

            - LOANS TO EMPLOYEES

            Loans to and guarantees of obligations of employees incurred for
      personal reasons can also present conflicts of interest. Such loans are
      prohibited by law in the case of the Company's directors and executive
      officers. It is the Company's policy that such loans will generally not be
      made to other employees.

            - ACCEPTANCE OF GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT

            The acceptance of gifts and entertainment from customers or
      suppliers by employees or members of their families may present a conflict
      of interest. While employees are permitted to accept gifts of nominal
      value (approximately $100 or less), such as unsolicited promotional items,
      they are prohibited from accepting anything that might reasonably be
      deemed to affect their judgment or that is accompanied by any express or
      implied understanding that the recipient is in any way obligated do to
      something in exchange for the gift. Similarly, employees may accept
      entertainment, but only insofar as it is reasonable in the context of the
      business at hand and facilitates the Company's interests. When practical,
      hospitality should be reciprocated. Employees are strictly prohibited from
      soliciting gifts, gratuities or business courtesies for the benefit of any
      family member or friend.

            - FAMILY MEMBERS AND CLOSE PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS

            The Company's standards of conduct are not intended to intrude on
      our personal lives. Situations may arise, however, where our relationships
      with

                                       3
<PAGE>

      family members and friends create conflicts of interest. Generally,
      employees are prohibited from being in the position of supervising,
      reviewing or having any influence on the job evaluation or salary of their
      close relatives. Employees who have family members or friends that work
      for businesses seeking to provide goods or services to the Company may not
      use their personal influence to affect negotiations. Employees who have
      relatives or friends that work for competitors should bring this fact to
      the attention of their immediate supervisor and discuss any difficulties
      that might arise and appropriate steps to minimize any potential conflict
      of interest.

            - PUBLIC SERVICE

            We encourage our employees to be active in the political and civic
      life of their communities, including charitable or educational activities.
      When doing so and making any public communication, you should clarify that
      your views are yours individually and are not being expressed as an
      employee of the Company. Your participation in or service to the community
      may also at times place you in a situation in which a conflict of interest
      with the Company could arise. This could occur, for example, where the
      community is engaged in a negotiation with the Company for goods or
      services or with respect to some other matter. The law may require or
      permit you to abstain from any decision where these circumstances exist,
      depending on your position within the Company and other factors. Before
      participating in such a decision, you should seek advice from legal
      counsel for the community and the General Counsel and should in any event
      make it clear to the responsible persons that you are an employee of the
      Company. If you do abstain, you should make it clear that your action is
      to avoid a potential conflict of interest or the appearance of one. You
      may not engage in any type of solicitation or distribution activities not
      relating to the business of the Company on Company premises without the
      approval of your immediate supervisor. You may not make any political
      contribution as a representative of the Company. You must also avoid
      lobbying activities or even the appearance of lobbying any governmental
      body or public official as a representative of the Company without the
      express approval of the General Counsel.

                QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

Q:    I HAVE DEVELOPED A FRIENDSHIP WITH A SUPPLIER AND AM CONSIDERING ENTERING
      INTO A PARTNERSHIP WITH HIM IN A BUSINESS VENTURE UNRELATED TO THE
      COMPANY. IS THIS AGAINST COMPANY POLICY?

A:    Most likely. Even if you are able to keep your personal and financial
      dealings from affecting your judgment on behalf of the Company, others may
      perceive that you are biased. You should discuss your plans with your
      supervisor or the General Counsel before proceeding.

                                       4
<PAGE>

Q:    I DO A LOT OF TRAVELING FOR THE COMPANY. CAN I USE THE FREQUENT FLYER
      COUPONS I RECEIVE FROM AIRLINES FOR MY PERSONAL TRAVEL PLANS?

A:    It is generally permissible for you to use the frequent flyer coupons and
      other non-cash benefits you acquire for personal travel. You may not,
      however, attempt to manipulate the travel plans the Company makes for you
      in order to receive such benefits. Any additional expense you cause the
      Company to incur for your benefit amounts to a misappropriation of Company
      funds.

Q:    MY HUSBAND OWNS A LANDSCAPING BUSINESS. I'M SURE HE CAN PROVIDE THE
      COMPANY WITH A PRODUCT THAT IS COMPETITIVE IN TERMS OF QUALITY AND PRICE.
      CAN HE SOLICIT WORK FROM THE COMPANY?

A:    Your husband might be able to solicit work from the Company, provided that
      he does not use your employment with the Company to influence the
      selection process.

CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES

      Employees may not appropriate to themselves, or to any other person or
organization, the benefit of any business venture, opportunity or potential
opportunity that they learn about in the course of their employment and that is
in the Company's line of business without first obtaining the Company's consent.
It is never permissible for employees to compete against the Company, either
directly or indirectly. Employees, officers and directors owe a duty to the
Company to advance its legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so
arises.

SECURITIES LAWS AND INSIDER TRADING

      In the course of their duties, employees may be exposed to information
about the Company or other companies that is not available to the general
public. The use of such nonpublic or "inside" information for securities trading
purposes is strictly forbidden, whether by the employee or any of his or her
family members or any other person to whom the employee may have communicated
the information. It is not only unethical, but also illegal and could expose the
employee to civil and criminal penalties. U.S. law prohibits anyone who
possesses "material" non-public information about a company to trade its stock
or other securities. "Material" information is usually defined as any
information that might influence a reasonable investor to buy, sell or hold
stock. Common examples include financial results, financial forecasts, possible
mergers, acquisitions or divestitures, significant product developments and
major changes in business direction. U.S. law also prohibits anyone who
possesses material, non-public information from using it to tip anyone else who
might trade on it. Violation of the law may result in civil and criminal
penalties, including fines or jail sentences. Employees who are uncertain about
the legal rules governing purchases and sales of securities they wish to make
should review the Company's Policy Against Insider Trading

                                       5
<PAGE>

and, if questions persist, consult the General Counsel before trading. Any
employee who engages in insider trading will be subject to immediate
termination.

                  QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT INSIDER TRADING

Q:    WHEN I BEGAN WORK, THE COMPANY OFFERED ME A STOCK OPTION ALLOWING ME TO
      BUY COMPANY STOCK AT A GOOD PRICE. DOES THE COMPANY'S INSIDER TRADING
      POLICY LIMIT WHEN I CAN EXERCISE THE OPTION?

A:    While insider trading laws do not apply to the exercise of stock options,
      they do apply to the sale of stock received through options. It is
      permissible for you to exercise a stock option even though you possess
      material, inside information. However, you must not sell the stock you
      receive (or any other Company stock) until the information has been made
      public.

Q:    I TOLD MY SISTER-IN-LAW ABOUT A NEW PRODUCT ONE OF OUR VENDORS IS PLANNING
      TO INTRODUCE ON THE MARKET. NOW SHE WOULD LIKE TO BUY STOCK IN THE
      COMPANY. OUR INSIDER TRADING POLICY DOESN'T APPLY TO HER, DOES IT?

A:    If you possess material, inside information, you are not only prohibited
      from using it yourself, but you must not reveal the information to anyone
      else who might use it for personal gain. A friend or relative who trades
      on inside information you acquired at work will be subject to the same
      penalties as you would be if you traded on it. In addition, you might be
      penalized for revealing the information.


CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

      Information is a valuable corporate asset. All employees have a duty to
safeguard confidential and proprietary information about the Company and
information that our suppliers and customers have entrusted to us. Generally
speaking, confidential and proprietary information is information that has not
been disclosed to the general public or that gives our business an advantage
over our competitors or could expose us to harm or liability if released
prematurely or inappropriately. Common examples include trade secrets, as well
as financial information, corporate strategy and information about relationships
with our customers and suppliers. Employees who are unsure about whether
information should be treated as confidential or proprietary must consult with
their immediate supervisor or the General Counsel.

      Employees must remain conscious at all times of their duty to protect
confidential and proprietary information. For example, confidential or
proprietary information should never be discussed in public places such as
elevators, airplanes or restaurants. In no event should confidential or
proprietary information be disclosed to third parties without the express
consent of the General Counsel, unless this is otherwise legally required.

                                       6
<PAGE>
'
      The duty to preserve the Company's confidential and proprietary
information is not limited to our employees' period of employment, but continues
even after they have left the Company.

      QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

Q:    CAN I REVEAL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY TO MY SPOUSE WHEN
      I TALK WITH HER ABOUT MY WORK? I'M SURE THAT SHE WILL KEEP IT SECRET.

A:    It is not permissible for you to reveal confidential information about the
      Company to your spouse. Although you and your spouse have a confidential
      relationship with each other, she does not have a confidential
      relationship with the Company. Because of this, you must be careful not to
      discuss confidential information with her. This is true of anyone outside
      the Company, including other close family members.

Q:    HOW CAN I TELL IF INFORMATION IS PROPRIETARY OR CONFIDENTIAL IF IT ISN'T
      MARKED?

A:    There are no hard and fast rules with respect to information that is not
      marked. Such information must be judged on the basis of its content.
      However, the following tip may help you. If you are not certain whether
      information has been made available to the public, you should presume it
      is proprietary if: (1) it is used in conducting the Company's business;
      (2) it grants a competitive advantage over those who do not possess it; or
      (3) it is distributed on a strictly internal basis within the Company.

FAIR DEALING

      The Company is committed to dealing fairly and honestly with its
customers, suppliers, competitors and employees.

            - OUR CUSTOMERS

            Doing business in an honest and fair manner with our customers means
      that we must earn their business based on the quality of our products and
      services and our ability to fulfill our commitments. Where our products or
      services are required to meet customer specifications, employees are
      prohibited from using false data or manipulating data in such a way as to
      suggest compliance with these specifications when it has not been
      achieved. In addition, it is against the Company's policy to refuse to
      deal with customers because they are also buying products and services
      from our competitors (failure to adhere to this policy could also
      constitute a violation of antitrust laws). Employees responsible for
      customer invoicing are required to reflect accurately on invoices the cost
      of services or

                                       7
<PAGE>

      products purchased and all other terms. Employees may not offer customers
      any benefits or rewards that violate applicable law or our business
      practices or policies (e.g., the Company's policies on customer discounts)
      or that have more than nominal value (approximately $100 or less).
      Reasonable business entertainment is permitted, including at traditional
      promotional events, so long as it is not in violation of applicable law
      and would not subject the Company to criticism if disclosed publicly.

            OUR SUPPLIERS

            Doing business in an honest and fair manner with our suppliers means
      that employees responsible for buying or leasing materials and services on
      behalf of the Company must do so objectively. We choose to deal with our
      suppliers on the basis of the price, quality and desirability of their
      goods and services. Employees must not accept or seek out any benefit from
      a supplier or potential supplier that would even appear to compromise
      their judgment. In addition, it is against Company policy to require that
      suppliers give up trade with our competitors or purchase our products and
      services in order to continue their relationship with us, unless there is
      a legitimate business purpose for doing so (failure to adhere to this
      policy could also constitute a violation of antitrust laws).

            OUR COMPETITORS

            It is the Company's policy to compete solely on the merits of our
      products and services. Accordingly, false or misleading statements or
      innuendo about our competitors, their products or their services will not
      be tolerated. All comparisons of our products or services with those of
      our competitors must be accurate and factually supported. Employees are
      strictly forbidden from using any illegal or unethical methods to gather
      competitive information. This includes stealing proprietary information or
      trade secret information or attempting to induce disclosure of such
      information by past or present employees of other companies through
      misrepresentation or other means. Anyone with even the slightest concern
      about the legality of information they possess or the means by which it
      was gathered should consult with the General Counsel. Employees should
      treat information about our competitors with sensitivity and discretion.
      This information should be made available only in the proper context and
      to employees with a legitimate need to know.

            OUR EMPLOYEES

            The Company recognizes that its employees are its most valuable
      resource. The Company values the contributions that each of its employees
      makes and is committed to treating every employee with respect. This
      includes preserving the confidentiality of employee records, refraining
      from unwarranted intrusions into employees' privacy and supporting to the
      greatest extent possible employees' aspirations in the workplace.

                                       8
<PAGE>

COMPETITION RESTRICTIONS

      In most countries, there are laws that govern the ways in which the
Company may compete. The purpose of these laws (sometimes known as "competition"
or "antitrust" laws) is to prevent interference with a competitive market
system. Under these laws, companies or individuals may not enter into formal or
informal agreements with other companies or individuals or engage in certain
other activities that unreasonably restrict competition. Illegal practices can
include, among others, price fixing, allocating customers or territories or
unlawfully abusing a dominant market position.

      In contacts with competitors, employees are generally prohibited from
discussing competitively sensitive information, such as pricing policies,
contract terms, costs, inventories, marketing and product plans, market surveys
and other proprietary or confidential information. Such discussions or any
collaboration with a competitor about competitively sensitive matters can be
illegal. While discussions of some sensitive information may, under certain
circumstances, be permissible, no such discussions with competitors should take
place without prior approval of the General Counsel. Employees are required to
report promptly to the General Counsel any instance in which a competitor has
raised any of these topics or otherwise suggested collaboration with respect to
any of them.

PROTECTION AND PROPER USE OF COMPANY ASSETS

      The Company's success requires a commitment on the part of all of its
employees to the proper allocation and use of its assets, tangible and
intangible. For these purposes, the Company's assets include equipment,
supplies, real estate, tools, inventory, funds, computer systems and equipment,
computer software, computer data, vehicles, records or reports, nonpublic
information, intellectual property or other sensitive information or materials
and telephone, voice mail or e-mail communications, as well as Company funds in
any form. We have a duty to protect the Company's assets from loss, damage,
misuse, theft or sabotage. We must also ensure the efficient use of the
Company's assets. The Company's assets are to be used for business purposes
only. Management must approve any use of Company assets or services that is not
solely for the Company's benefit.

ACCURATE BOOKS AND RECORDS

      U.S. law requires the Company to make sure that its books and records
accurately and fairly represent transactions and dispositions of our assets in
reasonable detail. In all of our operations, it is a violation of Company
policy, and possibly illegal, for any employee to cause our books and records to
be inaccurate in any way. Employees must never create or participate in the
creation of records that are misleading or artificial. Employees are expected to
cooperate fully with our internal and independent auditors. In particular, the
following requirements must be strictly respected by all employees.

                                       9
<PAGE>

            - ACCESS TO COMPANY ASSETS, TRANSACTIONS ON MANAGEMENT'S
              AUTHORIZATION

            Access to Company assets is permitted only in accordance with
      management's general or specific authorization and transactions must be
      executed only in accordance with management's general or specific
      authorizations. Transactions involving the Company must be recorded to
      permit preparation of our financial statements in conformity with
      generally accepted accounting principles and related requirements and to
      maintain accountability for the Company's assets.

            - ACCURATE BOOKS

            All Company books and records must be true and complete. False or
      misleading entries are strictly prohibited, and the Company will not
      condone any undisclosed liabilities or unrecorded bank accounts or assets
      established for any purpose.

            - PROPER PAYMENTS

            No employee may authorize payment of Company funds knowing that any
      part of the payment will be used for any purpose other than the purpose
      described in the documents supporting the payment.

            - APPROPRIATE CONTROLS

            Administrative and accounting controls must be implemented to
      provide reasonable assurance that the Company is in compliance with the
      above requirements and that financial and other reports are accurately and
      reliably prepared, and fully and fairly disclose all required or otherwise
      material information.

COMPLETE, ACCURATE AND TIMELY DISCLOSURE

      The Company is owned by the public and its shares are listed for trading
on the Nasdaq Stock Market. As a result, the Company is obligated to make
various disclosures to the public. The Company is committed to full compliance
with all requirements applicable to its public disclosures. The Company has
implemented disclosure controls and procedures to assure that its public
disclosures are timely, compliant and otherwise full, fair, accurate and
understandable. All employees responsible for the preparation of the Company's
public disclosures, or who provide information as part of that process, have a
responsibility to assure that such disclosures and information are complete,
accurate and in compliance with the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures.

                                       10
<PAGE>

DISCRIMINATION OR HARASSMENT

      The Company is committed to providing a work environment that is free from
any form of discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, creed,
religion, age, disability or sexual preference. It is our policy to provide
equal opportunity to all employees with regard to hiring, pay rates, training
and development, promotions and other terms of employment. Employment decisions
will comply with all applicable employment laws.

      The Company will not tolerate harassment, including sexual harassment, in
any form. This includes verbal or physical conduct (including verbal or physical
sexual advances or innuendo) that demeans or threatens any employee, creates a
hostile work environment, unreasonably interferes with an individual's work
performance or otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment.

HEALTH AND SAFETY

      The Company strives to provide its employees with a safe and healthy work
environment. We are all responsible for helping to achieve this goal by
following safety and health rules. Employees must learn the safety procedures
applicable to their jobs and abide by them.

PAYMENTS TO GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL

      Practices that are considered acceptable in the commercial business
environment, such as providing meals, transportation, entertainment or other
things of value, may violate certain local, state, federal or foreign laws when
we are dealing with governmental agents. Employees must not give anything of
value to governmental agents if this could be interpreted as an attempt to curry
favor on behalf of the Company. Consult the General Counsel if there is any
uncertainty about permitted interactions with governmental agents.

      The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") generally prohibits giving
money or anything of value to foreign government officials, foreign political
parties or candidates for foreign political office for the purpose of
influencing a foreign government. This includes making any payments through
intermediaries, such as sales representatives or consultants. Before making any
payment or giving anything of value to a foreign official, employees should
consult with the General Counsel. Violations of the FCPA can result in stiff
civil and criminal penalties for both the Company and the individuals involved.

      Commercial bribery of any nature is a violation of Company policy and is
illegal under U.S. law. Employees are strictly prohibited from offering any form
of bribe, kickback or inducement to any person.

                                       11
<PAGE>

WAIVERS OF THE CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

      Any request for a waiver of any standard in this Code may be granted only
by an employee's immediate supervisor and must be notified in advance to the
General Counsel. Waivers involving any of the Company's executive officers or
directors may be made only by the independent members of the Board of Directors
of the Company, and all waivers granted to executive officers and directors will
be disclosed to the Company's shareholders. All personnel should be aware that
the Company generally will not grant such waivers and will do so only when good
cause is shown for doing so.

GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATIONS

      The Company will cooperate fully with any governmental investigation. Any
employee who reasonably believes that a government investigation or inquiry may
be threatened or under consideration with respect to any of the Company's
operations or practices (including any outside such employee's scope of
responsibilities) should so notify the General Counsel and provide the basis for
such belief. Routine dealings with the government, such as our tax audits, are
not covered by this standard.

      The Company may not always be able to protect both its own interests and
those of an employee, without giving rise to a conflict of interest. In that
case, the employee may need his or her own counsel. Whether the Company can pay
for the employee's legal expenses will depend on legal or other restrictions and
the facts and circumstances of the matter.

AUDITS; INVESTIGATIONS; DISCIPLINARY ACTION

      The Company may conduct periodic audits of compliance with this Code.
Allegations of potential wrongdoing will be investigated by the proper corporate
or departmental personnel and, upon the advice of the General Counsel, will be
reported to the Board of Directors (or an appropriate committee thereof) and to
the relevant authorities. Knowingly false accusations of misconduct will be
subject to disciplinary action. All employees are required to cooperate fully
with any internal or external investigation. Employees must also maintain the
confidentiality of any investigation and related documentation, unless
specifically authorized by the General Counsel to disclose such information.

      Appropriate disciplinary penalties for violations of this Code may include
counseling, reprimands, warnings, suspensions with or without pay, demotions,
salary reductions, dismissals and restitution. Disciplinary action may also
extend to a violator's supervisor insofar as the Company determines that the
violation involved the participation of the supervisor or reflected the
supervisor's lack of diligence in causing compliance with this Code. Any person
who takes any action whatsoever in retaliation against any employee who has in
good faith raised any question or concern about compliance with this Code will
be subject to serious sanctions, which may include dismissal for cause.

                                       12
<PAGE>

      Employees are reminded that the Company's document retention policies
strictly prohibit the destruction or alteration of documentation undertaken with
the intent to obstruct any pending or threatened investigation or proceeding of
any nature or in contemplation of a proceeding.

WHERE TO TURN FOR ADVICE

      Employees who have questions about this Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics should turn to their immediate supervisors in the first instance. The
Company's "open door" policy gives employees the freedom to approach any member
of management with ethical questions or concerns without fear of retaliation.
The Company's Audit Committee has also established a post office box for this
purpose. Questions or concerns submitted to this post office box may be made
anonymously. Employees who use the post office box are guaranteed confidential
treatment.

      The post office box address is D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc.,
Attention: Audit Committee, P.O. Box 50363, St. Louis, Missouri 63105-9998.

      All employee communications made in good faith will be treated promptly
and professionally and without risk of retribution whatsoever.

                                       13
<PAGE>

                                ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

      I acknowledge that I have received, read and understood the D & K
Healthcare Resources, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and that my
conduct as an employee of the Company must at all times comply with the
standards and policies set out in the Code, as well as any other legal or
compliance policies or procedures of the Company.

                                             Employee: _________________________

                                             Date: _____________________________

                                       14
<PAGE>

                  CODE OF ETHICS FOR SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS
             (As required by Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act)

      As ________________ of D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc. (the "Company"), I
certify that I will adhere to the following principles and responsibilities, as
well as the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other legal and
compliance policies and procedures:

            - Act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or apparent
      conflicts of interest involving personal and professional relationships;

            - Provide other officials and constituents of the Company
      information that is full, fair, accurate, complete, objective, timely and
      understandable;

            - Comply with rules and regulations of all U.S. governmental
      entities, as well as state and other private and public regulatory
      agencies to which the Company is subject;

            - Act at all times in good faith, responsibly, with due care,
      competence and diligence, and without any misrepresentation of material
      facts;

            - Act objectively, without allowing my independent judgment to be
      subordinated;

            - Respect the confidentiality of Company information, except when
      authorized or otherwise required to make any disclosure, and avoid the use
      of any Company information for personal advantage;

            - Share my knowledge and skills with others to improve the Company's
      communications to its constituents;

            - Promote ethical behavior among employees under my supervision at
      the Company; and

            - Achieve responsible use of and control over all assets and
      resources of the Company entrusted to me.

                                            Employee: __________________________

                                            Date: ______________________________

                                       15

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c88104exv21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                               .
                                                                               .
                                                                               .

                                                                      EXHIBIT 21

                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        SUBSIDIARY NAME                 STATE OF INCORPORATION  % OWNED
        ---------------                 ----------------------  -------
<S>                                     <C>                     <C>
Associated Pharmacies, Inc. (inactive)       Arkansas             100%

VC Services, Inc.                            Minnesota            100%

Pharmaceutical Buyers, Inc.                  Arkansas              70%

Jaron, Inc.                                  Florida              100%

D & K Receivables Corporation                Delaware             100%

Jewett Drug Co.                              South Dakota         100%

Tykon, Inc.                                  Wisconsin            100%

Southwest Computer Systems, Inc.             Arkansas             100%
         (inactive)

U.P.C., Inc. (inactive)                      Minnesota            100%

Diversified Healthcare, LLC                  Kentucky             100%

Medical & Vaccine Products, Inc.             Puerto Rico          100%

D&K Pharmacy Solutions, Inc.                 Delaware             100%

Walsh Heartland, L.L.C.                      Arkansas             100%

Walsh Distribution L.L.C.                    Arkansas             100%

Walsh Healthcare Solutions, Inc.             Arkansas             100%

Myhca, Inc.                                  Texas                100%

Healthcare Alliance LLC                      Alabama               50%
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c88104exv23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 23

            Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors
D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc.

We consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement Nos.
333-67976 and 333-60146 on Form S-3, No. 333-64112 on Form S-3 MEF, and Nos.
333-98437, 333-50506, and 333-24263 on Form S-8 of D&K Healthcare Resources,
Inc. of our report dated August 6, 2004, with respect to the consolidated
balance sheets of D&K Healthcare Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30,
2004 and 2003 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended June 30, 2004, and the related financial statement schedule, which
report appears in the June 30, 2004 annual report on Form 10-K of D&K Healthcare
Resources, Inc.

Our report refers to a change in accounting for goodwill and intangible assets.

KPMG LLP
St. Louis, Missouri
September 13, 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c88104exv31w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1

                     CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION

I, J. Hord Armstrong, III, certify that:

      1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant.;

      2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

      3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

      4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
         registrant and we have:

         a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
            disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
            supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
            registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
            to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
            period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;

         b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
            and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
            the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
            the end of the period covered by this report based on such
            evaluation; and

         c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
            control over financial reporting that occurred during the
            registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
            fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
            affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
            registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

      5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         function):

         a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
            control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
            adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
            summarize and report financial information; and

         b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
            other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
            internal control over financial reporting.

Date:  September 13, 2004                       /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                                              ----------------------------------
                                          Title: Chairman of the Board and
                                                  Chief Executive Officer
                                                (Principal Executive Officer)


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c88104exv31w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2

                     CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION

I, Thomas S. Hilton, certify that:

      1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant.;

      2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

      3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

      4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
         registrant and we have:

         a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
            disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
            supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
            registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
            to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
            period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;

         b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
            and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
            the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
            the end of the period covered by this report based on such
            evaluation; and

         c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
            control over financial reporting that occurred during the
            registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
            fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
            affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
            registrant's internal control over financial reporting ; and

      5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         function):

         a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
            control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
            adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
            summarize and report financial information; and

         b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
            other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
            internal control over financial reporting.

Date:  September 13, 2004                       /s/ Thomas S. Hilton
                                               ---------------------------------
                                          Title: Senior Vice President and
                                                  Chief Financial Officer
                                               (Principal Financial Officer)


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c88104exv32.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 32

                           CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc.
("Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2004, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), we
certify, to the best of our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

      1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
         15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

      2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
         material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
         the Company.

Dated: September 13, 2004

                               /s/ J. Hord Armstrong, III
                               --------------------------------

                               J. Hord Armstrong, III
                               Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

                               /s/ Thomas S. Hilton
                               --------------------------------

                               Thomas S. Hilton
                               Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

A SIGNED ORIGINAL OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 HAS BEEN
PROVIDED TO THE COMPANY AND WILL BE RETAINED BY THE COMPANY AND FURNISHED TO THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.

THE FOREGOING CERTIFICATION IS BEING FURNISHED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION RELEASE NO. 34-47551 AND SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED FILED AS
PART OF THE FORM 10-K.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
