-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LJUCZdYrRXTsDLthEMgWtQhSH3Sso2WyJ3xt0U6UWcPZ2+Z+2Ha9c6mHBOu8jqZn
 daGXpjgjJAxTthnori45Gw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000909518-05-000159.txt : 20050314
<SEC-HEADER>0000909518-05-000159.hdr.sgml : 20050314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20050314150651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000909518-05-000159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20050314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20050314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096223
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEGRAPH & OTHER MESSAGE COMMUNICATIONS [4822]
		IRS NUMBER:				132615557
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05721
		FILM NUMBER:		05678212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		315 PARK AVE S
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2124601900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		315 PARK AVENUE SOUTH
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TALCOTT NATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19800603
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>jd3-14_new10k.txt
<TEXT>

 ===============================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ----------------------
                                    FORM 10-K
                               ------------------

 [x]    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
        ACT OF 1934
        For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004
                                       or
 [_]    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
        EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
        For the transition period from ___________ to  ___________

                         Commission file number: 1-5721

                          LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

      New York                                           13-2615557
- --------------------------                      ----------------------------
(State or Other Jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 Incorporation or Organization)

                              315 Park Avenue South
                            New York, New York 10010
                                 (212) 460-1900
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code,
                  of Registrant's Principal Executive Offices)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                     Name of Each Exchange
      Title of Each Class                             on Which Registered
 -----------------------------------------      --------------------------------
 Common Shares, par value $1 per share              New York Stock Exchange
                                                    Pacific Exchange, Inc.

 7-3/4% Senior Notes due August 15, 2013            New York Stock Exchange

 8-1/4% Senior Subordinated Notes due               New York Stock Exchange
   June 15, 2005

 7-7/8% Senior Subordinated Notes due               New York Stock Exchange
   October 15, 2006

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      None.
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
 required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
 registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
 filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [x] No [ ]

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
 best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statement
 incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
 this Form 10-K [ ].

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [x] No [ ]

 Aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant held by
 non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2004 (computed by reference to the
 last reported closing sale price of the Common Shares on the New York Stock
 Exchange on such date): $2,575,756,000.

 On March 4, 2005, the registrant had outstanding 107,613,828 Common Shares.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

 Certain portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement pursuant to
 Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with the
 2005 annual meeting of shareholders of the registrant are incorporated by
 reference into Part III of this Report.
 ===============================================================================
<PAGE>

                                    PART I


Item 1.    Business.
- ------     --------


                                   The Company


       The Company is a diversified holding company engaged in a variety of
businesses, including telecommunications, healthcare services, manufacturing,
banking and lending, real estate activities, winery operations, development of a
copper mine and property and casualty reinsurance. The Company concentrates on
return on investment and cash flow to maximize long-term shareholder value.
Additionally, the Company continuously evaluates the retention and disposition
of its existing operations and investigates possible acquisitions of new
businesses in order to maximize shareholder value. In identifying possible
acquisitions, the Company tends to seek assets and companies that are troubled
or out of favor and, as a result, are selling substantially below the values the
Company believes to be present.

       Shareholders' equity has grown from a deficit of $7,700,000 at December
31, 1978 (prior to the acquisition of a controlling interest in the Company by
the Company's Chairman and President), to a positive shareholders' equity of
$2,258,700,000 at December 31, 2004, equal to a book value per common share of
the Company (a "common share") of negative $.07 at December 31, 1978 and $20.99
at December 31, 2004. The December 31, 2004 shareholders' equity and book value
per share amounts have been reduced by the $811,900,000 special cash dividend
paid in 1999.

       In November 2003, pursuant to a registered exchange offer and merger
agreement, the Company acquired the balance of the outstanding common stock of
WilTel Communications Group, Inc. ("WilTel") that it did not already own for
16,734,690 of the Company's common shares. The Company had previously acquired
47.4% of the outstanding common stock of WilTel during 2002 for cash
consideration of $353,900,000, including expenses. WilTel is a
telecommunications company that owns or leases and operates a nationwide
inter-city fiber-optic network providing Internet, data, voice and video
services. Upon completion of the exchange offer and merger, WilTel became a
consolidated subsidiary of the Company.

       SBC Communications Inc. ("SBC"), a major communications provider in the
U.S., is WilTel's largest customer, accounting for 70% of the Network segment's
2004 operating revenues. On January 31, 2005, SBC announced that it would buy
AT&T Corp., and announced its intention to migrate the services provided by
WilTel to the AT&T network. For more information about SBC see Item 1,
"Business-Telecommunications" below.

       The Company's healthcare services operations are conducted by
subsidiaries of Symphony Health Services, LLC ("Symphony"), which was acquired
in September 2003. Symphony is engaged in the provision of physical,
occupational, speech and respiratory therapy services, healthcare staffing
services and Medicare consulting services.

       The Company's manufacturing operations manufacture and market lightweight
plastic netting used for a variety of purposes including, among other things,
building and construction, erosion control, agriculture, packaging, carpet
padding, filtration and consumer products. In February 2005, the manufacturing
segment increased its product offerings and customer base though the purchase of
the assets of NSW, LLC U.S. ("NSW") for approximately $28,000,000.

                                       2
<PAGE>

       The Company's banking and lending operations have historically consisted
of making instalment loans to niche markets primarily funded by customer banking
deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC").
However, as a result of increased loss experience and declining profitability,
the Company stopped originating subprime automobile loans in September 2001 and
all other consumer loans in January 2003. During 2004, the Company sold 97% of
its remaining outstanding loans to a third party for aggregate cash proceeds of
$149,000,000. Current operating activities at this segment are concentrated on
maximizing returns on its investment portfolio, collecting and servicing its
remaining loan portfolios and discharging deposit liabilities as they come due.
The Company's banking and lending subsidiary intends to ultimately surrender its
national bank charter.

       The Company's domestic real estate operations include a mixture of
commercial properties, residential land development projects and other
unimproved land, all in various stages of development and all available for
sale.

       The Company's winery operations consist of Pine Ridge Winery in Napa
Valley, California and Archery Summit in the Willamette Valley of Oregon. These
wineries primarily produce and sell wines in the luxury segment of the premium
table wine market.

       The Company's copper mine development operations consist of its 72.1%
interest in MK Resources Company ("MK Resources") (formerly MK Gold Company), a
public company traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board (Symbol: MKRR).

       The Company's property and casualty reinsurance business is conducted
through its 19% common stock interest in Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. ("Olympus"),
a Bermuda reinsurance company primarily engaged in the property excess, marine
and aviation reinsurance business.

       Certain of the Company's subsidiaries have substantial tax loss
carryforwards. The amount and availability of the tax loss carryforwards are
subject to certain qualifications, limitations and uncertainties as more fully
discussed in Note 15 of "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" and
Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations."

       On December 31, 2004, the Company effected a three-for-two stock split of
the Company's common shares in the form of a 50% stock dividend (the "Stock
Split"). The stock dividend was paid to holders of record of the Company's
common shares at the close of business on December 23, 2004. All amounts in this
Report have been adjusted to give retroactive effect to the Stock Split.

       As used herein, the term "Company" refers to Leucadia National
Corporation, a New York corporation organized in 1968, and its subsidiaries,
except as the context otherwise may require.

Investor Information

       The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). Accordingly, the Company
files periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Such reports, proxy statements
and other information may be obtained by visiting the Public Reference Room of
the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site
(http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and
other information regarding the Company and other issuers that file
electronically. In addition, material filed by the Company can be inspected at
the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the "NYSE"), 20 Broad Street,
New York, NY 10005 and the Pacific Exchange, Inc., 115 Sansome Street, San
Francisco, CA 94104, on which the Company's common shares are listed. The
Company has submitted to the NYSE a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, dated May 11, 2004, certifying that he is not aware of any
violations by the Company of NYSE corporate governance listing standards.

       The Company's website address is http://www.leucadia.com. The Company
makes available, without charge, through its website copies of its annual report
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports
are filed with or furnished to the SEC.

                                       3
<PAGE>

Financial Information about Segments

       The Company's reportable segments consist of its operating units, which
offer different products and services and are managed separately. The Company's
telecommunications business is conducted by WilTel and contains two segments,
Network and Vyvx. Network owns or leases and operates a nationwide fiber optic
network over which it provides a variety of telecommunications services. Vyvx
transmits audio and video programming over the network and distributes
advertising media in physical and electronic form. The Company's other segments
include healthcare services, manufacturing, banking and lending and domestic
real estate. Healthcare services include the provision of physical,
occupational, speech and respiratory therapy services, healthcare staffing
services and Medicare consulting services. Manufacturing operations manufacture
and market lightweight plastic netting used for a variety of purposes. Banking
and lending operations historically made collateralized personal automobile
instalment loans to individuals who had difficulty obtaining credit, at interest
rates above those charged to individuals with good credit histories. The banking
and lending segment has ceased originating any new loans and in 2004 sold 97% of
its remaining outstanding loans to a third party. The Company's domestic real
estate operations consist of a variety of commercial properties, residential
land development projects and other unimproved land, all in various stages of
development and all available for sale. Other operations primarily consist of
winery operations and development of a copper mine.

       Associated companies include equity interests in entities that the
Company accounts for on the equity method of accounting. Prior to the
acquisition of the outstanding common stock of WilTel that it did not already
own in November 2003, the Company accounted for its 47.4% interest in WilTel as
an associated company. Other investments in associated companies include
Olympus, a Bermuda-based reinsurance company, Berkadia LLC ("Berkadia"), a joint
venture formed to facilitate the chapter 11 restructuring of The FINOVA Group
Inc. ("FINOVA"), HomeFed Corporation ("HomeFed"), a corporation engaged in real
estate activities, Jefferies Partners Opportunity Fund II, LLC ("JPOF II") and
EagleRock Capital Partners (QP), LP ("EagleRock"). Both JPOF II and EagleRock
are engaged in investing and/or securities transactions activities.

       Corporate assets primarily consist of investments and cash and cash
equivalents and corporate revenues primarily consist of investment income and
securities gains and losses. Corporate assets, revenues, overhead expenses and
interest expense are not allocated to the operating units. The Company has a
manufacturing facility located in Belgium and an interest, through MK Resources,
in a copper deposit in Spain. WilTel owns or has the right to use certain cable
systems which connect its U.S. domestic network to foreign countries, and has
the right to use wavelengths in Europe which it is currently not using. These
are the only entities with non-U.S. revenues or assets that the Company
consolidates, and they are not material. In addition to its investment in
Bermuda-based Olympus, the Company also owns 36% of the electric utility in
Barbados. From time to time the Company invests in the securities of non-U.S.
entities or in investment partnerships that invest in non-U.S. securities.

       Except for the telecommunications segments of WilTel, the primary measure
of segment operating results and profitability used by the Company is income
(loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, minority expense of trust
preferred securities and equity in income (losses) of associated companies. For
WilTel's segments, segment profit from operations is the primary performance
measure of segment operating results and profitability. WilTel defines segment
profit from operations as income before income taxes, interest expense,
investment income, depreciation and amortization expense and other non-operating
income and expense.

       The following information reconciles segment profit from operations of
the Network and Vyvx segments to the most comparable measure under accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"), which is used for
all other reportable segments, for the year ended December 31, 2004 and for the
period from November 6, 2003 through December 31, 2003 (in millions):

                                       4


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                 For the period from
                                                                   For the year ended            November 6, 2003 to
                                                                   December 31, 2004             December 31, 2003
                                                                   -----------------           -----------------------

                                                                Network           Vyvx           Network            Vyvx
                                                                -------           ----           -------            ----
<S>                                                                 <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>

Segment profit from operations (1)                             $   117.8         $  30.3        $   13.3          $   4.1
Depreciation and amortization expense                             (197.4)           (9.1)          (37.2)            (2.0)
Interest expense, net of investment income (2)                     (26.0)           (2.1)           (4.0)             (.1)
Other non-operating income, net (2)                                 27.2             2.7             1.8               .5
                                                               ---------         -------        --------          -------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
   income taxes, minority expense of trust preferred
   securities and equity in income (losses) of
   associated companies (3)                                    $   (78.4)        $  21.8        $  (26.1)         $   2.5
                                                               =========         =======        ========          =======
</TABLE>

(1)  See note (d) to segment information below.
(2)  If items in these categories cannot be directly attributed to a particular
     WilTel segment, they are allocated to each segment based upon a formula
     that considers each segment's revenues, property and equipment and
     headcount.
(3)  For 2004, includes income of $18,500,000 related to the settlement of
     litigation for less than amounts reserved, income of $6,000,000 related to
     the sale of an equity security which had a zero book value, gains of
     $3,500,000 related to cash and securities received in excess of the book
     value of secured claims in customers' bankruptcies and income of $2,300,000
     related to the reversal of excess reserves for long-term commitments.

                                       5
<PAGE>


       Certain information concerning the Company's segments for 2004, 2003 and
2002 is presented in the following table. Consolidated subsidiaries are
reflected as of the date of acquisition, which for WilTel's segments was
November 2003 and for Symphony's healthcare services segment was September 2003.
Associated Companies are only reflected in the table below under identifiable
assets employed.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                       2004            2003                2002
                                                                                       ----            ----                ----
                                                                                                   (In millions)
<S>                                                                                       <C>             <C>               <C>

Revenues and other income (a):
    Network (b)                                                                       $ 1,518.9       $   218.4          $   --
    Vyvx                                                                                  123.6            21.2              --
    Healthcare Services                                                                   258.4            71.1              --
    Banking and Lending                                                                    30.8            62.3              95.9
    Manufacturing                                                                          64.4            54.1              51.0
    Domestic Real Estate                                                                   63.5            50.4              47.2
    Other Operations                                                                       40.0            33.3              45.8
    Corporate (c)                                                                         180.9            42.5              (4.7)
    Intersegment elimination (d)                                                          (18.4)           (4.3)             --
                                                                                      ---------       ---------          --------

         Total consolidated revenues and other income                                 $ 2,262.1       $   549.0          $  235.2
                                                                                      =========       =========          ========

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, minority expense
  of trust preferred securities and equity in income of associated companies:
    Network (d)                                                                       $   (78.4)      $   (26.1)         $   --
    Vyvx (d)                                                                               21.8             2.5              --
    Healthcare Services                                                                     5.1            (2.3)             --
    Banking and Lending                                                                    22.0             8.4               1.9
    Manufacturing                                                                           7.9             4.4               3.1
    Domestic Real Estate                                                                   20.7            18.1              16.3
    Other Operations                                                                       (3.4)             .7              14.5
    Corporate (c)                                                                          59.6           (37.5)            (74.9)
                                                                                      ---------       ---------          --------
         Total consolidated income (loss) from continuing operations before
           income taxes, minority expense of trust preferred
           securities and equity in income of associated companies                    $    55.3       $   (31.8)         $  (39.1)
                                                                                      =========       =========          ========

Identifiable assets employed:
    Network                                                                           $ 1,554.4       $ 1,628.8          $   --
    Vyvx                                                                                   57.3           115.5              --
    Healthcare Services                                                                    65.6            54.6              --
    Banking and Lending                                                                   151.1           252.4             481.5
    Manufacturing                                                                          50.4            50.8              51.5
    Domestic Real Estate                                                                  148.6           165.0             106.8
    Other Operations                                                                      252.6           253.4             193.7
    Investments in Associated Companies:
      WilTel                                                                               --               --              340.6
      Other Associated Companies                                                          460.8           430.9             397.1
    Corporate                                                                           2,059.6         1,445.8             970.6
                                                                                      ---------       ---------          --------

         Total consolidated assets                                                    $ 4,800.4       $ 4,397.2          $2,541.8
                                                                                      =========       =========          ========

</TABLE>

                                       6
<PAGE>

(a)  Revenues and other income for each segment include amounts for services
     rendered and products sold, as well as segment reported amounts classified
     as investment and other income and net securities gains (losses) on the
     Company's consolidated statements of operations.

(b)  For 2004 and the period from November 6, 2003 (date of acquisition) through
     December 31, 2003, includes services provided to SBC of $1,032,800,000 and
     $141,700,000, respectively.

(c)  Net securities gains for Corporate aggregated $123,100,000 during 2004,
     which primarily resulted from the sale of publicly traded debt and equity
     securities that had been classified as available for sale securities. For
     2004, includes a provision of $4,600,000 to write down investments in
     certain available for sale securities. For 2003, includes a provision of
     $6,500,000 to write down investments in certain available for sale
     securities and an investment in a non-public security. For 2002, includes a
     provision of $37,100,000 to write down investments in certain available for
     sale securities and an equity investment in a non-public fund. The write
     down of the available for sale securities resulted from a decline in market
     value determined to be other than temporary.

(d)  Eliminates intersegment revenues billed from Network to Vyvx. However, the
     intersegment revenues are included in the calculation to determine segment
     profit from operations and income (loss) from continuing operations for
     each of Network and Vyvx.

(e)  For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, income (loss) from
     continuing operations has been reduced by depreciation and amortization
     expenses of $235,900,000, $61,400,000 and $18,500,000, respectively; such
     amounts are primarily comprised of Corporate ($11,400,000, $11,700,000 and
     $8,700,000, respectively), and amounts related to WilTel's segments, which
     are disclosed above. Depreciation and amortization expenses for other
     segments are not material.

(f)  For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, income (loss) from
     continuing operations has been reduced by interest expense of $96,800,000,
     $43,000,000 and $33,000,000, respectively; such amounts are primarily
     comprised of Corporate ($55,300,000, $26,000,000 and $13,100,000,
     respectively), banking and lending ($2,700,000, $8,800,000 and $18,100,000,
     respectively), and amounts related to WilTel's segments, which are
     disclosed above. Interest expense for other segments is not material.


       At December 31, 2004, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries had
5,324 full-time employees.

                               Telecommunications

Acquisition

       During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company acquired 47.4% of the
outstanding common stock of WilTel for an aggregate cash purchase price of
$353,900,000, including expenses. In November 2003, the Company consummated an
exchange offer and merger pursuant to which WilTel became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company and former WilTel public stockholders received an
aggregate of 16,734,690 common shares of the Company. The aggregate purchase
price for the 2003 acquisition was approximately $425,300,000, consisting of
$422,800,000 of the Company's common shares (based on a price of $25.27 per
share) and cash expenses of $2,500,000. Following completion of the merger, the
Company consolidated the financial condition and results of operations of
WilTel, and no longer accounts for its investment in WilTel under the equity
method of accounting. In the aggregate, the Company invested $779,200,000 in
cash and common shares issued to acquire 100% of WilTel during 2002 and 2003. At
December 31, 2004, the Company's consolidated balance sheet includes total
WilTel assets of $1,611,700,000 and total WilTel liabilities of $1,118,300,000
(which are non-recourse to the Company), resulting in a net investment of
$493,400,000.

       Certain telecommunications terms used throughout this section are defined
under "Telecommunications Glossary" below.

                                       7
<PAGE>



Network
- -------

Business Description

       Through its Network segment, WilTel owns or leases and operates a
nationwide inter-city fiber-optic network. WilTel has also built a fiber-optic
network within certain cities in the U.S. and has the ability to connect to
networks outside the U.S. Network provides Internet, data, voice, and video
services to companies that use high-capacity and high-speed telecommunications
in their businesses. Network sells its products to the wholesale carrier and
enterprise market segments, and many of its most significant customers provide
retail telecommunications services to consumers and businesses. Historically,
Network's fastest growing and largest revenue component is its voice business.

        Network also offers rights of use in dark fiber, which is fiber that it
installs but for which it does not provide communications transmission services.
Purchasers of dark fiber rights install their own electrical and optical
transmission equipment. Network also provides space and power to collocation
customers at network centers and a variety of professional and managed services
including network design and construction, network management and network
monitoring or surveillance.

       WilTel's network includes ownership interests in or rights to use:

       -      nearly 30,000 miles of fiber-optic cable in the U.S., of which
              27,677 is currently in service;
       -      local fiber-optic cable networks within 40 of the largest U.S.
              cities;
       -      118 network centers located in 107 U.S. cities;
       -      fiber-optic cable connecting the U.S. and Mexico in California and
              Texas, and the U.S. and Canada in Washington, Illinois and New
              York;
       -      capacity on five major undersea cable systems connecting the
              continental U.S. with Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, Guam
              and Hawaii; and
       -      rights to use wavelengths in Europe connecting the UK, France,
              Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, Finland, and
              Sweden. These rights have been exercised and wavelengths are
              available but not currently in use.

Properties

       U.S. Inter-City Network
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               Miles In         Average Number of
                   The WilTel Network                      Route Miles        Operation         Fibers Per Cable
                   ------------------                      -----------        ---------         -----------------
        <S>                                                    <C>               <C>                 <C>

   Wholly owned fiber routes, built by WilTel                18,027            17,416                 123
   Fiber routes through dark fiber rights  (1)               10,884            10,261                  17
                                                             ------            ------
   Total                                                     28,911            27,677
                                                             ======            ======

</TABLE>

(1)     Network has obtained rights in dark fiber and conduits of approximately
        10,884 route miles, all of which have had fiber-optic cable installed.
        Network manages the transmission equipment on the routes it acquired,
        and it typically pays for the maintenance of fiber-optic strands and
        rights of way.

       Network also leases capacity from both long-distance and local
telecommunications carriers, including its competitors, in order to meet the
needs of its customers. Leases of capacity are distinguished from rights in dark
fiber in that capacity leases are for only a portion of the fiber capacity and
the lessor supplies and operates the equipment to transmit over the fiber.
Capacity leases are generally for terms of one month to five years, but can be
longer. Network leases from third parties approximately one percent of its U.S.
network capacity currently in use. These leases are for areas where Network does
not have its own network capacity, or such capacity is not currently sufficient
to meet the expected demand.

                                       8
<PAGE>


       WilTel commenced construction of its network in 1997, began providing
services in 1998 and had substantially completed construction in 2002. The
domestic voice network grew to 25 switches as of December 31, 2004, including
twenty three domestic switches, four of which are Voice over Internet Protocol
capable, and two gateway switches. The gateway switches offer foreign
termination and inbound domestic termination to other carrier customers.

       Conduit and fiber-optic cable. The WilTel network contains multiple
conduits along more than 90% of the routes it constructed. When constructing
fiber-optic cable, the manufacturer places fiber-optic strands inside small
plastic tubes, wraps bundles of these tubes with plastic, and strengthens them
with metal. Network then places these bundles inside a conduit, which is
high-density polyethylene hollow tubing one-and-one-half to two inches in
diameter. The conduit is generally buried approximately 42 inches underground
along pipeline or other rights of way corridors. Network also uses steel casing
in high-risk areas, including railroad crossings and high-population areas,
thereby providing greater protection for the cable. The first conduit generally
contains a cable that has between 96 and 144 fibers, and the second conduit or,
where constructed, a third conduit, serves as a spare. The spare conduits allow
for future technology upgrades, potential conduit sales, and expansion of
capacity. Network generally plans to retain from 8 to 24 fibers throughout the
network for its own use, with the remainder made available for leases of dark
fiber.

       Rights of way. The WilTel network was primarily constructed by digging
trenches along rights of way, or rights to use the property of others, which
Network obtained throughout the United States from various landowners.
Generally, where feasible, Network used the rights of way of pipeline companies
that WilTel believed provided greater physical protection of the fiber system
and resulted in lower construction costs than systems built over more public
rights of way. Almost all of WilTel's rights of way extend through at least
2018. Rights of way are generally for terms of at least 20 years, and most cover
distances of less than one mile.

       Local Network

       As of December 31, 2004, Network was providing services on local networks
in 40 U.S. cities. These cities are: Anaheim, CA; Atlanta, GA; Bakersfield, CA;
Baltimore, MD; Boston, MA; Buffalo, NY; Chicago, IL; Columbus, OH; Dallas, TX;
Denver, CO; Fresno, CA; Houston, TX; Indianapolis, IN; Jersey City, NJ; Kansas
City, KS; Laredo, TX; Los Angeles, CA; McAllen, TX; Modesto, CA; Miami, FL;
Milwaukee, WI; Minneapolis, MN; New York, NY; Newark, NJ; Oakland, CA;
Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; Portland, OR; Riverside, CA; Sacramento, CA; San
Francisco, CA; San Jose, CA; Santa Clara, CA; Seattle, WA; Secaucus, NJ; St.
Louis, MO; Stamford, CT; Tucson, AZ; Tulsa, OK; and Washington, D.C. WilTel also
has rights to utilize 30,740 local dark fiber miles in the U.S. through a fiber
lease agreement with AboveNet Communications, Inc. ("AboveNet"). In addition,
WilTel has the right to lease an additional 54,324 of dark fiber miles anywhere
that AboveNet may construct or currently owns dark fiber in the U.S. or Europe.

Products and Services

       Network's principal products and services are as follows:

       Packet-based data products. These services provide connections for
Internet, data, voice, and video networks at variable capacities between two or
more points. Specific packet-based data products include ATM, Frame Relay,
Ethernet Transparent LAN, Internet Protocol ("IP") transport and IP virtual
private networks. These services are billed on a flat rate or usage basis.

                                       9
<PAGE>


       Private line products. Network provides customers with fixed amounts of
point-to-point capacity at various speeds on a protected or unprotected service
level. A protected service level provides restoration on the customer's circuit
under a variety of network outage conditions and is priced higher than
unprotected service. These services are billed as fixed monthly fees, regardless
of usage.

       Voice services. Network provides wholesale origination, transport and
termination, as well as calling card, directory assistance, operator assistance,
toll-free services and international termination to more than 200 countries.

       Optical wave services. This service is a point-to-point service which has
no protection capacity, and which allows a customer the exclusive use of a
portion of the transmission capacity of a fiber-optic strand rather than the
entire fiber strand. A purchaser of optical wave services installs its own
electrical interface, switching and routing equipment.

       Backhaul services. Network has interconnected international cable landing
stations on the West and East Coasts with fiber-optic rings capable of
terminating cable traffic at specified Network centers. These services are made
available to customers that have access to their own undersea cables and require
domestic interconnection services only. Network also owns capacity positions on
five major undersea cable systems.

Customers

       Network offers services to both carrier and enterprise markets, and its
customers currently include Regional Bell Operating Companies, ("RBOCs") cable
television companies, Internet service providers, application service providers,
data storage service providers, managed network service providers, digital
subscriber line service providers, long distance carriers, local service
providers, utilities, governmental entities, educational institutions, financial
institutions, international carriers and other communications services providers
who desire high-capacity and high-speed products on a carrier services basis.

SBC

       Sales to SBC accounted for 70% of Network's 2004 operating revenues. On
January 31, 2005, SBC announced that it would buy AT&T Corp., and announced its
intention to migrate the services provided by WilTel to the AT&T network. SBC
indicated that it expects to close its acquisition of AT&T in the first half of
2006.

       Once SBC completes the migration of its business from WilTel's network to
the AT&T network and terminates the existing preferred provider agreements
between WilTel and SBC (scheduled to extend until 2019), SBC will be required to
pay WilTel up to $200,000,000 for all costs WilTel incurs in connection with
such termination, including increased costs of the network facilities remaining
with WilTel due to the loss of SBC traffic (defined as "Transition Costs" in the
provider agreements). WilTel anticipates that a migration of services from its
network to AT&T would not begin until after the appropriate regulatory agencies
approve SBC's acquisition of AT&T. WilTel expects it will take anywhere from two
to three years from now for SBC to migrate all of its traffic off of WilTel's
network, and anticipates that it will continue to provide some level of service
to SBC into 2007.

       Pursuant to the preferred provider agreements, the price for products and
services, determined separately for each product or service, generally will be
equal to the lesser of the cost of the product or service plus a specified rate
of return, the prices charged to other customers, the current market rate or, in
some circumstances, a specific rate. If either party can secure lower prices for
comparable services that the other party will not match, then that party is free
to utilize the lowest cost provider. WilTel and SBC have agreed to use a fixed
price for voice transport services (the substantial majority of WilTel's SBC
generated revenue) through April 1, 2005.


                                       10
<PAGE>

       WilTel is currently engaged in negotiations with SBC with respect to a
transition pricing agreement and other matters that will enable WilTel to
continue to provide SBC with a high level of service after April 1, 2005. If the
parties fail to reach agreement on pricing, any disputes as to pricing
methodology are to be resolved through binding arbitration. The Company is also
evaluating the impact of SBC's intended acquisition of AT&T on WilTel's
operations and financial condition, including the potential adverse impact on
the carrying values of Network's assets. Under GAAP, the SBC announcement is
considered to be an event requiring the Company to assess the recoverability of
Network's assets (principally property and equipment) during the first quarter
of 2005. For more information about the process the Company expects to use to
assess the recoverability of Network's assets, see Item 7, "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

       WilTel plans to modify its operations in light of the anticipated loss of
its major customer, including expanding its customer base and evaluating
opportunities for consolidation. WilTel expects it will evaluate and implement
cost reduction strategies, investigate sales of assets and minimize capital
expenditure outlays to help offset the loss of SBC's business. However, given
the current economic condition of the telecommunications industry as a whole,
where telecommunications capacity far exceeds actual demand and the marketplace
is characterized by fierce price competition, and the limited growth of non-SBC
business over the past few years, WilTel does not believe it will be able to
fully replace the revenues and profits generated by the SBC agreements in the
near future, if ever. The Company believes there may be opportunities to
increase Network's value through consolidation opportunities, and it is actively
investigating those possibilities. However, no assurance can be given that the
Company will be successful in these efforts.

Sales and Marketing

       Network's sales and marketing organizations target customers that require
high volumes of bandwidth to operate their businesses. The successful
acquisition of a new customer requires a high degree of technical knowledge
about both the product being sold and the customer's operation, since most of
Network's products need to be specifically configured to meet the unique needs
of each customer.

       Network has a centralized marketing organization that has established a
segment-wide approach to marketing and product management. The marketing
organization is responsible for advanced market planning and segmentation,
product planning and development, product marketing, advertising, lifecycle
management, product economics, pricing and competitive analysis.

                                       11

<PAGE>

Competition

       The telecommunications industry is highly competitive. Some of Network's
competitors may have financial, personnel and other resources significantly
greater than those of Network. In the market for carrier customers, Network
competes primarily with AT&T, MCI, Sprint, Qwest, Level 3, Global Crossing and
Broadwing. In the market for enterprise customers, Network competes primarily
with AT&T, MCI, and Sprint. Many of these competitors have revenues and customer
bases far larger than those of Network. Network also competes with numerous
other service providers that focus either on a specific product or set of
products or within a geographic region. Network competes primarily on the basis
of price, network reliability, customer service and support. Network's services
within local markets in the U.S. face additional competitors, including the
traditional regional telephone companies and other local telephone companies.

       The telecommunications industry has experienced a great deal of
instability during the past several years. During the 1990s, forecasts of very
high levels of future demand brought a significant number of new entrants and
new capital investments into the industry. However, many industry participants
have gone through bankruptcy, those forecasts have not materialized,
telecommunications capacity now far exceeds actual demand and the resulting
marketplace is characterized by fierce price competition as competitors seek to
secure market share. Resulting lower prices have eroded margins and have kept
many in the industry from attaining positive cash flow from operations. In
addition, many larger industry participants (SBC, Verizon and Sprint) have
announced agreements to acquire other industry participants in transactions that
may further intensify the competitive environment. The Company does not know if
and when the current pricing environment will improve or achieve stability.

Vyvx
- ----

Business Description

       Vyvx transmits audio and video programming for its customers over
Network's fiber-optic network and via satellite. It uses Network's fiber-optic
network to carry many live traditional broadcast and cable television events
from the site of the event to the network control centers of the broadcasters of
the event. These events include live sporting events of the major professional
sports leagues, including the last sixteen Super Bowls. For live events where
the location is not known in advance, such as breaking news stories in remote
locations, Vyvx provides an integrated satellite and fiber-optic network based
service to transmit the content to its customers. Most of Vyvx's customers for
these services contract for the service on an event-by-event basis; however,
Vyvx has some customers who have purchased a dedicated point-to-point service
which enables these customers to transmit programming at any time.

       Vyvx also distributes advertising spots to radio and television stations
throughout the U.S., both electronically and in physical form. Customers for
these services can utilize a network-based method for aggregating, managing,
storing and distributing content for content owners and rights holders.

Products and Services

       Vyvx's primary products and services are as follows:

         Fiber Optic and Satellite Video Transport Services. Vyvx offers various
products to provide audio and video feeds over fiber or satellite for broadcast
and production customers. These products vary in capacity provided, frequency of
use (i.e., may be provided on an occasional or dedicated basis) and price. In
2004, Super Bowl XXXVIII was the first live broadcast event ever carried using
Vyvx's new high definition (HD) transport product.

                                       12
<PAGE>

       Advertising Distribution Services.  These services include:

               Audio Distribution. Vyvx sends radio spots to stations via
electronic and physical distribution. Spots are distributed to over 10,500
stations in North America via the Internet using no proprietary hardware.

              Video Distribution. Vyvx has the capability to deliver video
content electronically and physically to television stations, broadcast networks
and cable networks across the United States. Its electronic reach covers more
than 1,450 destinations.

              Storage. Vyvx offers secure storage of media components in Vyvx's
climate-controlled storage facilities located in Burbank, Chicago and Newark,
Delaware.

Customers

       Vyvx sells to media content service providers and businesses that use
media content as a component of their business. It does not compete with its
media customers for retail end-users. It has approximately 2,000 customers,
including major broadcast and cable television networks, news services,
professional and collegiate sports organizations, advertising agencies and their
advertisers, television companies and movie production companies. Approximately
62% of Vyvx's 2004 operating revenue was derived from its top 10 customers. Fox
Entertainment Group, Inc. and its parent company The News Corporation Limited,
through their various news, sports and entertainment businesses, accounted for
approximately 18% of Vyvx's operating revenues and TimeWarner, Inc. accounted
for 16% of Vyvx's operating revenues.

Sales and Marketing

       Vyvx has sales personnel located in eight states and the District of
Columbia to provide service to its domestic and international customers. The
largest sales offices are in New York, New York and Burbank, California, where
many of Vyvx's largest customers are based.

Competition

       The Company believes that no single competitor currently exists that
offers all of the services being offered by Vyvx. Vyvx encounters smaller
competitors in the market place, each of which historically has offered only one
or two of Vyvx's products.


                                       13

<PAGE>

Telecommunications Glossary
- ---------------------------

Access - a long distance carriers use of local exchange facilities to originate
or terminate long distance traffic or of leased lines for dedicated facilities.

Asynchronous transfer mode (ATM) - a Layer 2 high-speed multiplexing and
switching protocol that uses fixed cell sizes of 53 bytes each to transport
voice, data and video traffic.

Bandwidth - the width of or measure of capacity of a communications channel;
analog channel capacity is measured in hertz and digital channel capacity is
measured in bits per second.

Capacity - the information carrying ability of a telecommunications facility.
The facility determines what measure is appropriate. For example, a private
line's capacity could be measured in bits per second. A switch's capacity could
be measured in the maximum number of calls per hour.

Carrier - a provider of communications transmission services.

Carrier class customer - a customer who has significant bandwidth capacity
requirements that would rival the capacity requirements of a wholesale carrier.

Dark fiber - installed fiber-optic cable which is not connected to transmission
equipment and so is not capable of carrying transmission services.

Ethernet - a local area network used for connecting computers, printers,
workstations, terminal, servers, etc. within the same building or campus.

Ethernet Transparent LAN - a network with Ethernet interfaces that can carry any
Layer 3 protocol, giving the LANs it connects the appearance of complete
transparency, as though they were connected directly across an Ethernet cable.

Fiber-optic cable - a transmission medium consisting of a core of glass or
plastic which is surrounded by a protective cladding, strengthening material and
an outer jacket. Signals are transmitted as light pulses, introduced into the
fiber by a light transmitter (a light emitting diode or a laser). Low data loss,
high-speed transmission, large bandwidth, small physical size, light weight and
freedom from electromagnetic interference and grounding problems are some of the
advantages offered by fiber-optic cable.

Frame Relay - a Layer 2 switching and multiplexing protocol that places data in
frames of varying size and allows transmission of data with efficient error
correction.

Gateway switch - a switch that allows signals to cross from one network to
another.

High Definition (HD) - a system standard for transmitting a TV signal with far
greater resolution.

Internet Protocol (IP) - the Layer 3 communications protocol standard used for
delivering individual data packets to their destinations by tracking the
Internet addresses of the sender and receiver.

Layer 2 - a data communications standard (such as ATM, Frame Relay, or Ethernet)
that establishes a fixed, pre-determined path for the data stream. In the event
of a network outage, the switches work together to re-route traffic to
facilities not impacted by the outage.

Layer 3 - a data communications standard (such as IP) that does not create a
fixed path through the network, but makes an individual routing decision for
each data packet received based upon real-time updates of network congestion.
Because of this additional computation burden, Layer 3 networks tend to have
more latency that is less predictable, but are also less susceptible to major
network outages.

Local area network (LAN) - a data communications network that links together
computers and peripherals to serve users within a confined area.

Multiplexing - consolidation of multiple signals into a single, higher speed
signal that is transmitted to a receiver. The receiver then decomposes the
signal into its original constituent elements.

Network center - an environmentally controlled secure location containing
equipment and staff, and space and power for collocation customers, where
various network management and control functions are conducted.

Optical wave - see "Wavelengths" below.

Switch - mechanical or electronic device for making, breaking or changing the
directional flow of electrical or optical signals.

Transmission - sending electrical signals that carry information over a physical
path to a destination.

                                       14

<PAGE>

Virtual private network (VPN) - private, secure switched voice or data network
between two or more sites that functions as a dedicated or private line facility
while using public network segments.

Voice over IP - telephone calls using IP.

Wavelengths - a portion of the transmission capacity of a fiber-optic cable
rather than the entire fiber cable. A purchaser of optical wave or wavelength
installs its own electrical interface, switching and routing equipment.


Government Regulation
- ---------------------

Overview

       WilTel is subject to significant federal, state, local and foreign laws,
regulations and orders that affect the rates, terms and conditions of certain of
its service offerings, its costs and other aspects of its operations. Regulation
of the telecommunications industry varies from state to state and from country
to country, and it changes regularly in response to technological developments,
competition, government policies and judicial proceedings. Some of these changes
and potential changes are discussed below. The Company cannot predict the
impact, nor give any assurances about the materiality of any potential impact,
that such changes may have on its business or results of operations, nor can it
guarantee that domestic or international regulatory authorities will not raise
material issues regarding its compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

       The Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") has jurisdiction over
WilTel's facilities and services to the extent those facilities are used to
provide interstate telecommunications services (services that originate and
terminate in different states) or international telecommunications services.
State regulatory commissions generally have jurisdiction over facilities and
services to the extent the facilities are used in intrastate telecommunications
services. Foreign laws and regulations apply to telecommunications that
originate or terminate in a foreign country. Generally, the FCC and state
commissions do not regulate Internet, video conferencing or certain data
services, although the underlying telecommunications services components of such
offerings may be regulated in some instances.

       WilTel's operations also are subject to a variety of environmental,
building, safety, health and other governmental laws and regulations.

Federal Regulation

       The Communications Act of 1934. The Communications Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Communications Act") grants the FCC authority to regulate
interstate and foreign communications by wire or radio. The Telecommunications
Act of 1996 (the "1996 Act") establishes a framework for fostering competition
in the provision of local and long distance telecommunications services. WilTel
is regulated by the FCC as a non-dominant carrier and, therefore, is subject to
less comprehensive regulation than dominant carriers under the Communications
Act. WilTel is subject to certain provisions of Title II of the Communications
Act applicable to all common carriers that require WilTel to offer service upon
reasonable request and pursuant to just and reasonable charges and practice, and
prohibit WilTel from unjustly or unreasonably discriminating in its charges or
practices. The FCC has authority to impose more stringent regulatory
requirements on non-dominant carriers. The FCC reviews its rules and regulations
from time to time, and WilTel may be subject to those new or changed rules.

       WilTel has obtained authority from the FCC to provide international
services between the U.S. and foreign countries, and has registered with the FCC
as a provider of domestic interstate long distance services. WilTel believes
that it is in material compliance with applicable federal laws and regulations,
but cannot guarantee that the FCC or third parties will not raise issues
regarding its compliance with applicable laws or regulations.

                                       15

<PAGE>

       Long Distance Regulation. Regulation of other carriers in the
communications industry also may affect WilTel. For example, Section 271 of the
Communications Act had prohibited RBOCs and their respective affiliates from
providing long distance services between so-called Local Access and Transport
Areas ("LATAs") in their region, and between their region and other states,
until they have demonstrated to the FCC, on a state-by-state basis, that they
have satisfied certain procedural and substantive requirements set forth in the
1996 Act. The FCC has granted Section 271 authority to all RBOCs in each of
their in-region states.

       In a state where a RBOC has received authority to provide long distance
telecommunications service, Section 272 of the Communications Act requires the
RBOC to maintain a separate affiliate and to comply with certain structural and
operational safeguards for its long distance operations, all of which impose on
RBOCs significant costs related to maintaining separate equipment, employees and
processes. This separate affiliate requirement expires on a state-by-state basis
three years after the RBOC first obtained approval to provide long distance
service in a given state, unless the FCC extends the three-year period. If an
RBOC chooses to provide long distance telecommunications services without a
separate affiliate in a state where the separate affiliate requirement has
expired, the RBOC currently is subject to heightened regulation of its rates for
long distance services. The FCC is considering several options for strengthening
or weakening regulation governing the RBOCs' provision of long distance
telecommunications services without a separate affiliate.

       The Section 272 separate subsidiary requirement for two of WilTel's
largest customers, Verizon in New York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and Rhode
Island and SBC in Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Arkansas and Missouri has expired and
has not been extended by the FCC. WilTel does not expect the FCC to extend the
requirement in any other states as the 3-year period elapses in such states.
While the RBOCs' entry into the long distance market could provide opportunities
for WilTel to sell dark fiber or lease high-volume long distance capacity to the
RBOCs, it could also allow the RBOCs to provide the same services that WilTel
currently provides, services which RBOCs currently purchase from WilTel.
Increased competition from the RBOCs could have an adverse effect on WilTel's
business, as the RBOCs will be able to market integrated local and long distance
services and may enjoy significant competitive advantages. Because RBOCs account
for approximately 75% of WilTel's Network revenues, the RBOC's ability to offer
long distance voice and data services poses risks to WilTel's business in the
future. For information about SBC (Network's largest customer) and its plan to
acquire AT&T and migrate its traffic to AT&T's network, see Item 1,
"Business-Telecommunications" above.

       Local Service Regulation. In addition to overseeing the entry of the
RBOCs into the long distance market, the FCC was required, pursuant to the 1996
Act, to establish national rules implementing the local competition provisions
of the 1996 Act. More specifically, the 1996 Act imposed duties on all local
exchange carriers, including incumbent local exchange carriers ("ILECs") and new
entrants (sometimes referred to as competitive local exchange carriers, or
"CLECs") to provide network interconnection, reciprocal compensation, resale,
number portability and access to rights-of-way. Where WilTel provides local
telecommunications services, it must comply with these statutory obligations and
the FCC's implementing rules.

       In March 2004, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit struck down an FCC rule that required regional telephone companies to
open their networks to competitors at reasonable rates. In response, the FCC
issued interim rules requiring regional local telephone companies to continue
opening their networks to competitors at reasonable rates until the earlier of
such time as the FCC issues permanent rules or September 13, 2005 (with
increased rates and reduced availability effective March 13, 2005). The FCC
released permanent rules on February 3, 2005. As a result, competing telephone
companies will be charged higher rates by local telephone companies to use parts
of their networks on certain routes, or incur costs to purchase and install
their own networks in order to offer local phone service. Although WilTel's
wholesale carrier market segment is not likely to be materially affected by
these actions, its enterprise market segment could experience a short-term cost
disadvantage with competitors who have cheaper access to local telephone company
networks. In addition, certain of WilTel's customers could be significantly
affected by these changes.


                                       16

<PAGE>

       Access Regulation. Federal regulation affects the cost and thus the
demand for long distance services through regulation of interstate access
charges, which are the local telephone companies' charges for use of their
exchange facilities in originating or terminating interstate transmissions. The
FCC regulates the interstate access rates charged to long distance carriers by
ILECs and CLECs for the local origination and termination of interstate long
distance traffic. Those access rates make up a significant portion of the cost
of providing long distance traffic. Since the 1996 Act, the FCC has restructured
the access charge system, resulting in significant downward changes in access
charge rate levels.

       On May 31, 2000, the FCC adopted a proposal submitted by a coalition of
long distance companies and RBOCs, referred to as "CALLS," pursuant to which
ILEC access rates must be decreased in stages over five years. On September 10,
2001, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld most of
the FCC's CALLS order, but remanded for further consideration portions of the
order that created a new universal service fund and that set a factor applied
annually to reduce access rates at a certain pace. The FCC issued an order on
July 10, 2003 on remand readopting the substance of the disputed aspects of the
CALLS order, and the remand order was not appealed.

       On April 27, 2001, the FCC issued a ruling regarding the interstate
access charges levied by CLECs on long distance carriers. Effective June 20,
2001, CLEC access charges were required to be reduced over a three-year period
to the level charged by ILECs in the competing area. This reduction in CLEC
access charge rates has resulted in a substantial reduction in the per-minute
rate CLECs charge WilTel for interstate access services.

       On April 19, 2001, the FCC adopted a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
seeking to unify its inter-carrier compensation rules. The FCC proposal seeks to
address disparities in rates for access charges and reciprocal compensation (the
rates that carriers pay each other for completing local calls exchanged between
them). The FCC's proposal seeks comments on a transition to a "bill and keep"
system pursuant to which carriers would not exchange cash compensation, but
would provide call completion services free of charge. Adoption by the FCC of a
unified inter-carrier compensation regime that adopts a "bill and keep" regime
or that otherwise reduces the rates that carriers may charge for access charges
could significantly reduce WilTel's inter-carrier compensation costs and
revenues. Several groups of industry participants, seeking to develop an
industry consensus to present to the FCC, have submitted proposals for broad
reform to the FCC, and on February 10, 2005, the FCC announced the adoption of a
further notice of proposed rulemaking in which it would seek comment on these
various proposals. WilTel is unable to determine at this time the outcome of the
FCC proceeding and the industry effort or the resulting impact, if any, on
WilTel's business.

       Voice-over-IP. In a 1998 report to Congress, the FCC suggested, but did
not conclude, that telephone calls using IP could be considered
telecommunications services. The FCC has also been asked to consider the
regulatory implications of such "Voice-over-IP" technology. Certain ILECs have
asked the FCC to rule that certain transmission services, such as calls made
over the Internet, are subject to regulation as telecommunications services
including the assessment of interstate switched access charges and universal
service fund assessments. On February 5, 2003, pulver.com filed a petition for
declaratory ruling that a service offering that uses IP voice communications is
neither telecommunications nor a telecommunications service. On February 19,
2004, the FCC held that the specific "IP-to-IP" service offered by pulver.com is
an interstate information service and is neither telecommunications nor a
telecommunications service.

       In a May 2004 ruling, the FCC clarified that whenever traffic originates
and terminates on the public switched telephone network, long distance carriers
(such as WilTel) that carry such traffic must pay access charges, but the FCC
has not yet addressed whether traffic originating on broadband networks is
subject to such charges. RBOCs have attempted to recover unpaid access charges
from long distance carriers who were following business practices not consistent
with the FCC ruling. Although WilTel had been actively seeking clarification
from the FCC concerning this matter, WilTel's policy has been to accrue access
charges in a manner that it believes is consistent with the FCC's ruling. The
FCC's ruling is not expected to have a material impact on WilTel; however,
certain of WilTel's customers and competitors may be adversely affected.


                                       17
<PAGE>

       On November 12, 2004, the FCC granted the request of Vonage Holdings
Corporation to preempt the Minnesota Public Utility Commission from regulating
Vonage's broadband-originated services as a telecommunications service subject
to full state regulation. WilTel believes that the FCC's ruling provides the FCC
with authority to create uniform rules applicable to Voice-over-IP. The FCC's
Vonage decision has been appealed by several state public utility commissions.

       Several other Voice-over-IP petitions have also been filed. During 2004,
both Level 3 Communications and SBC filed petitions seeking FCC rulings on the
regulatory framework for Voice-over-IP related offerings. Other local exchange
carriers have filed similar petitions, and the FCC has requested comments on
developing comprehensive rules to cover Voice-over-IP. Absent FCC action on
these matters, some state public utility commissions and private parties
(through agreements) have begun addressing important issues such as the amount
of compensation companies must pay for termination of Voice-over-IP traffic on
the public switched telephone network. Decisions on the Level 3 and SBC
petitions are expected during the first or second quarter of 2005. As carriers
and their customers migrate to IP and packet-based technologies, the outcome of
such proceedings is likely to affect carrier-carrier and carrier-customer
relationships. WilTel is unable to determine at this time the outcome of any of
these proceedings or the impact, if any, they could have on its business.
However, assuming the same volume of voice minutes, WilTel believes that
revenues and profitability for Voice-over-IP services may be less than
traditional voice transport products.

       Universal Service. Pursuant to the 1996 Act, in 1997 the FCC established
a significantly expanded universal service regime to subsidize the cost of
telecommunications services to high-cost areas, to low-income customers, and to
qualifying schools, libraries and rural health care providers. Providers of
interstate and international telecommunications services, and certain other
entities, must pay for these programs by contributing to a Universal Service
Fund (the "Fund"). The rules concerning which services are considered when
determining how much an entity is obligated to contribute to the Fund are
complex; however, many of the services sold by WilTel are included in the
calculation. Current rules require contributors to make quarterly and annual
filings reporting their revenues, and the Universal Service Administrative
Company issues monthly bills for the required contribution amounts, based on a
quarterly contribution factor approved by the FCC. The FCC announced assessments
for the first quarter of 2005 of 10.7% have been increased from 8.7% in the
fourth quarter of 2004. The contribution factor may be higher in future
quarters. A portion of WilTel's gross revenues from the provision of interstate
and international services are subject to these assessments. For the year ended
December 31, 2004, WilTel was assessed approximately $6,600,000 by the Fund.

       On December 13, 2002, the FCC issued revised universal service rules and
proposed further changes to the universal service contribution methodology.
Under one of the proposed changes, the FCC would begin assessing contributions
to the Fund based on working telephone numbers and connections to telephone
company customers, as opposed to the existing mechanism that requires
contributions based on end user revenues. The FCC is expected to adopt this
proposal during 2005. Although any FCC changes to the methodology could result
in WilTel paying a larger percentage of its revenues to the Fund, WilTel is
unable to determine what changes will occur and what impact those changes will
have on its business.

       WilTel and other contributors to the federal universal service fund may
recover their contributions in any manner that is equitable and
nondiscriminatory, but may not mark up their federal universal service recovery
above the amount of the contribution factor. Carriers may recover their
contribution costs through their end-user rates, or through a line item (stated
as a flat amount or percentage), provided that the line item does not exceed the
total amount associated with the contribution factor. The recovery rules are the
subject of a petition for reconsideration pending before the FCC. The rules also
allow contributors to renegotiate contract terms that prohibit the pass-through
of universal service recovery charges. Unrecovered assessments will increase
WilTel's costs.


                                       18
<PAGE>

       Broadband Regulation. The FCC to date has treated Internet service
providers as enhanced service providers rather than common carriers. As such,
Internet service providers generally have been exempt from various federal and
state regulations, including the obligation to pay access charges and contribute
directly to universal service funds. On December 20, 2001, the FCC issued a
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking comment on whether ILEC broadband
offerings are telecommunications services subject to Title II jurisdiction or,
as the FCC already has concluded with respect to cable modem service,
information services subject only to Title I jurisdiction. In 2003, the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit partially vacated the FCC's
determination that cable modem service is subject only to Title I jurisdiction,
holding that companies providing cable modem services also offer a
telecommunications service component that is subject to Title II regulation. The
FCC appealed that decision, and the U.S. Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the
case during 2005. In a separate Notice of Proposed Rulemaking released February
15, 2002, the FCC sought comment on issues related to broadband access to the
Internet over domestic wireline facilities, including whether facilities-based
broadband Internet access providers should be required to contribute to support
universal service. The FCC has not addressed either of these Notices of Proposed
Rulemaking and WilTel cannot determine how the U.S. Supreme Court will rule on
the Ninth Circuit decision, and whether such action will impact WilTel's
business.


State Regulation

       The Communications Act severely restricts state and local governments
from enforcing any law, rule or legal requirement that prohibits or has the
effect of prohibiting any person from providing any interstate or intrastate
telecommunications service. However, states retain substantial jurisdiction over
intrastate matters, and generally have adopted regulations intended to protect
public safety and welfare, ensure the continued quality of communications
services, and safeguard the rights of consumers. Some states impose assessments
for state universal service programs and for other purposes. To the extent that
WilTel provides intrastate telecommunications services, WilTel is subject to
various state laws and regulations.

       Most state public utility and public service commissions require some
form of certificate of authority or registration before offering or providing
intrastate services, including competitive local telecommunications services.
Currently, WilTel or its subsidiary, WilTel Local Network, LLC, hold
authorizations to provide such services, at least to some extent, in all 50
states and the District of Columbia.

       In most states, in addition to the requirement to obtain a certificate of
authority, WilTel must request and obtain prior regulatory approval of price
lists or tariffs containing rates, terms and conditions for its regulated
intrastate services. WilTel is required to update or amend these tariffs when it
adjusts its rates or adds new products. WilTel believes that most states do not
regulate its provision of dark fiber. If a state did regulate its provision of
dark fiber, WilTel could be required to provide dark fiber in that state
pursuant to tariffs and at regulated rates.

       WilTel is also subject to various reporting and record-keeping
requirements in states in which it is authorized to provide intrastate services.
Many states also require prior approval for transfers of control of certified
providers, corporate reorganizations, acquisitions of telecommunications
operations, assignment of carrier assets, carrier stock offerings and
undertaking of significant debt obligations. States generally retain the right
to sanction a service provider or to condition, modify or revoke certification
if a service provider violates applicable laws or regulations. Fines and other
penalties also may be imposed for such violations. While WilTel believes that it
is substantially in compliance with applicable state laws and regulations that
are material to its operations, it cannot guarantee that state regulatory
authorities or third parties will not raise issues with regard to its
compliance.

       State regulatory commissions generally regulate the rates that ILECs
charge for intrastate services, including intrastate access services paid by
providers of intrastate long distance services. WilTel's intrastate services
compete against the regulated rates of these carriers and also utilize certain
ILEC services. State regulatory commissions also regulate the rates ILECs charge
for interconnection of network elements with, and resale of, services by
competitors. State commissions have initiated proceedings that could have the
potential to affect the rates, terms and conditions of intrastate services.
WilTel, through WilTel Local Network, LLC, has entered into or is in the process
of entering into interconnection agreements with various ILECs and the rates,
terms and conditions contained in such agreements will be affected by such state
proceedings.

                                       19

<PAGE>

Local Regulation

       Some jurisdictions require WilTel to obtain street use and construction
permits and licenses and/or franchises before installing or expanding its
fiber-optic network using municipal rights-of-way. Termination of, or failure by
WilTel to renew, its existing franchise or license agreements could have a
material adverse effect on its operations. In some municipalities where WilTel
has installed or may construct facilities, it is required to pay license or
franchise fees based on a percentage of gross revenue, a flat annual fee or a
per linear foot basis. WilTel cannot guarantee that fees will remain at their
current levels following the expiration of existing franchises. In addition,
WilTel could be at a competitive disadvantage if its competitors do not pay the
same level of fees as it does. The Communications Act requires municipalities to
manage public rights of way in a competitively neutral and non-discriminatory
manner and prohibits the imposition of right-of-way fees as a means of raising
revenue. A considerable amount of litigation has challenged right-of-way fees on
the grounds that such fees violate the Communications Act. The outcome of such
litigation may affect WilTel's costs of operations.

Other U.S. Regulation

       WilTel's operations are subject to a variety of federal, state and local
environmental, safety and health laws and governmental regulations. These laws
and regulations govern matters such as the generation, storage, handling, use
and transportation of hazardous materials, the emission and discharge of
hazardous materials into the atmosphere, the emission of electromagnetic
radiation, the protection of wetlands, historic sites and endangered species,
and the health and safety of employees. WilTel also may be subject to
environmental laws requiring the investigation and cleanup of contamination at
sites it owns or operates or at third-party waste disposal sites. Such laws
often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not
responsible for, the contamination.

       WilTel owns or operates numerous sites in connection with its operations.
WilTel monitors compliance with environmental, safety and health laws and
regulations and believes it is in material compliance; however, it cannot give
assurances that it has been or will be in complete compliance with these laws
and regulations. WilTel may be subject to fines or other sanctions imposed by
governmental authorities if it fails to obtain certain permits or violates their
respective laws and regulations.

       WilTel has ownership interests in and utilizes certain submarine cable
systems for the provision of telecommunications services. WilTel, through its
joint ownership interests, is subject to certain state and federal laws and
regulations governing the construction, maintenance and use of such facilities.
Such laws and regulations may include corridor restrictions, exclusionary zones,
undersea cable fees or right-of-way use fees for submerged lands. Increased
regulation of cable assets or assessments may affect the cost and ultimately the
demand for services provided over such facilities.

Foreign Regulation

       The provision of telecommunications services in foreign countries is also
regulated and varies from country to country. Telecommunications carriers are
generally required to obtain permits, licenses or authorizations to initiate or
terminate communications in a country. Many regulatory systems have only
recently faced the issues raised by competition and are still in the process of
development. Although the services WilTel currently provides outside the U.S.
are not currently material, if WilTel expands its foreign operations it will be
subject to substantial regulatory requirements. Foreign telecommunications laws
and regulations are changing and WilTel cannot determine at this time the
impact, if any, that such future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities
may have on its business or operations.

       International switched long distance traffic between two countries
historically is exchanged under correspondent agreements between carriers, each
owning network transmission facilities in their respective countries.
Correspondent agreements generally provide for, among other things, the
termination of switched traffic in, and the return of switched traffic to, the
carriers' respective countries at a negotiated accounting rate. Settlement
costs, typically one-half of the accounting rate, are reciprocal fees owed by
one international carrier to another for transporting traffic on its facilities
and terminating that traffic in the other country. The FCC and regulators in
foreign countries may regulate agreements and settlements between U.S. and
foreign carriers.

                                       20
<PAGE>

                               Healthcare Services

Business Description

       In September 2003, the Company acquired Symphony for approximately
$36,700,000, including expenses. Established in 1994, Symphony provides
post-acute healthcare services including contract therapy, long-term care
consulting and temporary staffing to skilled nursing facilities, hospitals,
sub-acute care centers, assisted living facilities, schools and other healthcare
providers. Symphony currently operates in 46 states, providing services at
approximately 2,000 locations through its employee workforce of approximately
3,200 part-time and full-time skilled healthcare professionals (excluding
temporary personnel). The businesses owned by Symphony operate under the names
RehabWorks, VTA Management Services, VTA Staffing Services, Symphony Respiratory
Services, NurseWorks and Polaris Group. At December 31, 2004, the Company's
consolidated balance sheet includes total Symphony assets of $65,600,000 and
total Symphony liabilities of $60,200,000 (which are non-recourse to the
Company), resulting in a net investment of $5,400,000.

       The principal services offered by Symphony are described below.

       o      Contract Therapy Services - Physical therapy, occupational
              therapy, speech pathology and respiratory therapy services
              provided to various health care providers and schools. Services
              include compliance and clinical training, recruitment, orientation
              and staffing, management information and reimbursement expertise.
       o      Healthcare Staffing Services - Placement of temporary healthcare
              professionals in hospitals and skilled nursing facilities
              generally ranging from one day to 13-week assignments.
       o      Consulting Services - These services assist healthcare providers
              in managing Medicare reimbursement to ensure that systems and
              procedures are in place to manage costs and cash flow.

       When determining how to meet their rehabilitation therapy and healthcare
staffing needs, healthcare providers are faced with an "in-source" or
"outsource" decision, to either manage the rehabilitation therapy unit in-house
or to contract the service to an outside vendor. As healthcare expenditures in
the U.S. have continued to increase, healthcare providers have experienced
increased cost reduction pressures as a result of managed care and the
implementation of prospective payment systems, where fixed fee schedules are set
by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMMS"). Symphony's services
give its customers increased flexibility in managing staffing levels and enables
them to reduce their overall costs by converting a fixed cost into a variable
cost. Contract therapy is available on a full-time, part-time and on-call basis,
and can be customized at each location according to the particular needs of a
facility or patient. Contract therapy services also include full therapy program
management with a full-time program manager who is also a therapist and two to
four professionals trained in physical and occupational therapy or
speech/language pathology. Symphony generally bills its customers either on the
basis of a negotiated patient per diem rate or a negotiated fee schedule based
on the type of service rendered. Symphony is also the largest provider of
therapy services to the Department of Education of New York City.

       Symphony's revenues and growth are affected by trends and developments in
healthcare spending, which has been increasing at an accelerated rate over the
past five years. Demographic considerations also affect the amount spent on
healthcare. Due to the increasing life expectancy of Americans, the number of
people aged 65 years or older has been growing and is expected to increase in
the future. These trends, combined with the need for healthcare providers to
find more cost effective means to deliver their services, may encourage
healthcare providers to use the services offered by Symphony and its
competitors.


                                       21
<PAGE>

Competition

       The contract therapy and healthcare staffing services businesses compete
in national, regional and local markets with full-service staffing companies and
with specialized staffing agencies. The program management services business
competes with companies that may offer one or more of the same services and with
hospitals and skilled nursing facilities that do not choose to outsource these
services. The managed inpatient units and outpatient programs are in highly
competitive markets and compete for patients with other hospitals and skilled
nursing facilities.

       There is a significant shortage of skilled healthcare professionals who
provide Symphony's services, and Symphony's revenues are dependent on its
ability to attract, develop and retain qualified therapists and other healthcare
personnel who possess the skills, experience and, as required, licensure
necessary to meet the specified requirements of customers. Symphony competes for
healthcare staffing personnel, with other healthcare companies, as well as
actual and potential customers, some of whom seek to fill positions with either
regular or temporary employees.

Government Regulation

       Healthcare providers are subject to a complex array of federal, state and
local regulations which include but are not limited to Medicare and Medicaid
regulations, licensure regulations, fraud and abuse regulations, as well as
regulations regarding the confidentiality and security of health-related
information. If Symphony fails to comply with these laws it can result in civil
penalties, criminal penalties and/or exclusion from participation with programs
such as Medicare and Medicaid. Failure of Symphony's customers to meet
regulatory requirements could have an adverse impact on its business.

       Symphony's customers are subject to state licensure and Medicare
certification requirements with respect to their facilities and healthcare
professionals. Symphony is also subject to these requirements when it is the
direct provider of the service. Systems are in place to assure that these
requirements are met before Symphony's healthcare professionals treat patients.

       In most instances, customers participate in the Medicare and Medicaid
programs as do certain of Symphony's outpatient therapy facilities. As such,
they are subject to Medicare and Medicaid's regulations regarding quality of
care, qualifications of personnel, adequacy of physical plant, as well as
billing and payment regulations. These regulations are written, published and
administered by the CMMS and are monitored for compliance.

       Various federal and state laws prohibit the knowing and willful
submission of false claims or fraudulent claims to obtain payment from Medicare,
Medicaid or other government programs. The federal anti-kickback statute also
prohibits individuals and entities from knowingly and willfully paying,
offering, receiving or soliciting money or anything else of value in order to
induce the referral of patients or to induce a person to purchase, lease, order,
arrange for or recommend services or goods covered by Medicare, Medicaid or
other government healthcare programs.

       The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 mandated the phase-in of a Medicare Part
A prospective payment system for skilled nursing facilities and units based on
the category of patient care under resource utilization group classifications
established by the CMMS. All of the skilled nursing units to which we provide
management services are now fully phased in under the resource utilization group
system for skilled nursing facilities. The proposed 2006 federal budget includes
a provision to refine the resource utilization group system to more
appropriately account for certain high cost cases, but no assurance can be given
that such changes will be implemented. Under the Medicare Part B payment system,
reimbursement for outpatient therapy services is based on the lesser of the
provider's actual charge for such services or the applicable Medicare physician
fee schedule amount also established by the CMMS. As part of the Balanced Budget
Act of 1997, the outpatient therapy benefit was capped at $1,590 per beneficiary
per year, but the implementation of the cap has been delayed a number of times
through legislation. Most recently, a two year moratorium expiring on December
31, 2005, was placed on implementation of the cap. Absent specific action by
Congress the moratorium will expire and the benefit cap will go into place on
January 1, 2006.

                                       22
<PAGE>


       The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 is
designed to improve efficiency in healthcare delivery by standardizing
electronic data interchange and by protecting the confidentiality and security
of an individual's health data by setting and enforcing national standards of
practice. Virtually all healthcare providers are affected by the law, which
consists of three primary areas, standards for electronic transactions, privacy
and security. The privacy rule and the standards for electronic transactions are
currently effective and the security rule is scheduled to become effective on
April 21, 2005. Symphony is in compliance with the privacy and electronic
transmission provisions and believes that it will be in compliance with the
security rule.


                                  Manufacturing

       Through its plastics division, the Company manufactures and markets
lightweight plastic netting used for a variety of purposes including, among
other things, building and construction, erosion control, agriculture,
packaging, carpet padding, filtration and consumer products. The products are
primarily used to add strength to other materials or act as barriers, such as
warning fences and crop protection from birds. The plastics division is a market
leader in netting products used in carpet cushion, erosion control, nonwoven
reinforcement and crop protection. Certain of the division's products are
proprietary, protected by patents and/or trade secrets. It markets its products
both domestically and internationally, with approximately 16% of its 2004
revenues generated by customers in Europe, Latin America, Japan and Australia.
Products are sold primarily through an employee sales force, located in the
United States and Europe. Manufacturing revenues were $64,100,000, $53,300,000
and $50,700,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. At December 31, 2004, the Company's consolidated balance sheet
includes total manufacturing assets of $50,400,000 and total manufacturing
liabilities of $21,100,000, resulting in a net investment of $29,300,000.

       New product development focuses on market niches where the division's
proprietary technology and expertise can lead to sustainable competitive
economic advantages. Historically, this targeted product development generally
has been carried out in partnership with a prospective customer or industry
where the value of the product has been recognized. The plastics division has
also begun focusing on developing products which provide an upgrade to a current
product used by an existing customer. Over the last several years, the plastics
division has spent approximately 2% to 5% of annual sales on the development and
marketing of new products and new applications of existing products.

       The plastics division is subject to domestic and international
competition, generally on the basis of price, service and quality. Additionally,
certain products are dependent on cyclical industries, including the
construction industry. The cost of the principal raw material used in its
products, polypropylene, has increased by approximately 80% since the beginning
of 2004. High oil and natural gas prices along with high capacity utilization in
the polypropylene industry are expected to keep raw material costs higher than
historical levels for the next two years. The division was able to raise prices
to its customers during 2004 to offset the increase in polypropylene costs.

       The plastics division currently has excess manufacturing capacity,
principally in its Belgium facility which became operational in the third
quarter of 2001. Utilization of this capacity has taken longer than anticipated
primarily due to the loss of a major customer for whom the facility was expected
to produce products. A new general manager was hired at the facility in 2004 to
develop and implement marketing and sales initiatives directed at generating
revenue growth. Operating results at the facility have improved during 2004 as
sales grew 20% compared to 2003 and the business achieved positive cash flow.
New customer acquisitions must continue in order for the facility to reach
profitability.

       The Company holds patents on certain improvements to the basic
manufacturing processes it uses and on applications thereof. The Company
believes that the expiration of these patents, individually or in the aggregate,
is unlikely to have a material effect on the plastics division.

       As mentioned above, in February 2005 the Company acquired the assets of
NSW for approximately $28,000,000, thereby increasing its mix of products and
customer base. NSW has a manufacturing and distribution facility in Roanoke,
Virginia, and for its year ended December 31, 2004 generated annual sales of
approximately $20,000,000. Although the Company plans to integrate certain of
NSW's operating activities into its own, principally in the administration and
raw materials purchasing areas, NSW's manufacturing facility will continue as a
stand-alone operation. Products manufactured by NSW include produce and
packaging nets, header label bags, case liners and heavy weight nets for
drainage and erosion control purposes.

                                       23
<PAGE>

                               Banking and Lending

Business Description

       Over the past few years, the Company has been shrinking its banking and
lending operations. Historically, this segment made collateralized consumer
loans consisting principally of personal automobile instalment loans to
individuals who had difficulty obtaining credit. The Company's other consumer
lending programs primarily consisted of marine, recreational vehicle, motorcycle
and elective surgery loans. These lending activities were conducted through
American Investment Bank, N.A. ("AIB"), a national bank subsidiary, and American
Investment Financial, a Utah industrial loan corporation which merged into AIB
in 2004.

        The segment's current operating activities are concentrated on
maximizing returns on its investment portfolio, collecting and servicing its
remaining loan portfolios and discharging deposit liabilities as they come due.
In September 2001, the Company stopped originating subprime automobile loans as
a result of increasing loss experience and the increasingly difficult
competitive environment. In January 2003, the Company stopped originating all
consumer loans. In May 2004, the Company sold its subprime automobile and
collateralized consumer loan portfolios, which represented 97% of banking and
lending's total outstanding loans (net of unearned finance charges). The Company
received aggregate cash proceeds of $149,000,000 and reported a pre-tax gain of
$8,700,000, which is reflected in investment and other income. In September
2004, the Company sold certain loan portfolios that had been substantially
written-off and reported a pre-tax gain of $7,600,000, which is reflected in
investment and other income.

       Certain information with respect to the Company's banking and lending
segment is as follows for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(dollars in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            2004             2003              2002
                                                            ----             ----              ----
<S>                                                         <C>                 <C>              <C>

Average loans outstanding                                 $57,097           $282,986         $440,810
Interest income earned on loans                           $10,037           $ 53,944         $ 86,018
Average loan yield                                          17.6%              19.1%            19.5%
Average deposits outstanding                              $73,260           $251,031         $454,497
Interest expense on non-demand deposits                   $ 2,394           $  8,553         $ 18,035
Average rate on non-demand deposits                          3.3%               3.4%             3.9%
Net yield on interest-bearing assets                         5.3%              12.1%            11.5%

</TABLE>

       Investments held by the banking and lending segment are primarily U.S.
Government agencies and mortgage-back securities.

                                       24
<PAGE>

       It is the Company's policy to charge to income an allowance for losses
which, based upon management's analysis of numerous factors, including current
economic trends, aging of the loan portfolio, historical loss experience and
collateral value, is deemed adequate to cover probable losses on outstanding
loans. At December 31, 2004, the allowance for loan losses for the Company's
entire loan portfolio was $950,000 or 22% of the net outstanding loans, compared
to $24,200,000 or 11.8% of net outstanding loans at December 31, 2003.

Government Regulation

       The Company's principal banking and lending operations are subject to
supervision by federal authorities, as well as federal regulation pursuant to
the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal
Credit Opportunity Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Community
Reinvestment Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and regulations promulgated by
the Federal Trade Commission and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System. The Company's banking operations are subject to federal regulation and
supervision by, among others, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the
"OCC") and the FDIC.

       In 2003, AIB entered into a formal agreement with the OCC, pursuant to
which the OCC approved AIB's strategic plan for exiting its existing lending
businesses. AIB also agreed to initiate a regulatory process by January 31,
2005, which would result in the eventual surrender of its national bank charter.
In November 2004, AIB submitted an application to the state of Utah to convert
its current national charter to a Utah state commercial bank charter. AIB is not
able to surrender its national bank charter while it still has deposits
outstanding, unless it is able to convert its charter to a Utah state commercial
bank charter. However, in January 2005 the state of Utah notified AIB that it
was suspending the application to convert AIB's charter until such time as AIB
has the operational structure in place that is necessary to begin loan
originations. AIB does not intend to make these changes. In February 2005, the
OCC denied AIB's prior request to extend the deadline to begin the regulatory
process to surrender the national charter, and required AIB to begin the
regulatory process to surrender the national charter within 30 days from the
date of the OCC's denial. Since AIB's application to convert the charter was not
approved, and since the OCC did not approve AIB's request for an extension, AIB
will file a plan with the OCC that will ultimately result in the surrender of
its national bank charter. No assurance can be given that the OCC will approve
AIB's plan of voluntary liquidation or that it will not take other adverse
regulatory action.

       The Competitive Equality Banking Act of 1987 ("CEBA") places certain
restrictions on the operations of AIB and restricts further acquisitions of
banks and savings institutions by the Company.

                                       25
<PAGE>


                              Domestic Real Estate

       At December 31, 2004, the Company's domestic real estate assets had a
book value of $131,200,000. The real estate operations include a mixture of
commercial properties, residential land development projects and other
unimproved land, all in various stages of development and all available for
sale. The Company's largest domestic real estate investment consists of a 90%
interest in 8 acres of unimproved land in Washington, D.C., which was acquired
in September 2003 and has a book value of $57,600,000 at December 31, 2004. The
land is zoned for a minimum of 2,000,000 square feet of commercial office space
that the Company intends to develop in phases once acceptable tenants or
purchasers are identified. The Company owns a 716-room hotel located on Waikiki
Beach in Hawaii that has a book value of $39,400,000 at December 31, 2004. The
hotel was fully renovated during 2001 and 2002, and for 2004 had an occupancy
rate of approximately 66% and a net average daily room rate of $109.05. The
Company secured non-recourse financing for these two projects, which aggregated
$42,400,000 as of December 31, 2004.

       The Company owns 30% of the outstanding common stock of HomeFed. In
addition, as a result of a 1998 distribution to all of the Company's
shareholders, approximately 9.4% and 9.5% of HomeFed is owned by the Company's
Chairman and President, respectively. HomeFed is currently engaged, directly and
through subsidiaries, in the investment in and development of residential real
estate projects in the State of California. Its current development projects
consist of two master-planned communities located in San Diego County,
California: San Elijo Hills, which it purchased from the Company in 2002, and a
portion of the larger Otay Ranch planning area. The Company accounts for its
investment in HomeFed under the equity method of accounting. At December 31,
2004 its investment had a carrying value of $39,500,000 which is included in
investments in associated companies. HomeFed is a public company traded
on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board (Symbol: HOFD).

       Certain of the Company's other real estate investments and their
respective carrying values as of December 31, 2004 include: approximately 88
acres of land located in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, which is fully entitled
for a large scale mixed-use development of various residential and commercial
space ($12,900,000); and an operating shopping center on Long Island, New York
that has 60,000 square feet of retail space ($7,100,000).

       The real estate development industry is subject to substantial
environmental, building, construction, zoning and real estate regulations that
are imposed by various federal, state and local authorities. In order to develop
its properties, the Company must obtain the approval of numerous governmental
agencies regarding such matters as permitted land uses, density, the
installation of utility services (such as water, sewer, gas, electric, telephone
and cable television) and the dedication of acreage for various community
purposes. Furthermore, changes in prevailing local circumstances or applicable
laws may require additional approvals or modifications of approvals previously
obtained. Delays in obtaining required approvals and authorizations could
adversely affect the profitability of the Company's projects.


                                Other Operations

Wineries

       The Company owns two wineries, Pine Ridge Winery in Napa Valley,
California and Archery Summit in the Willamette Valley of Oregon. Pine Ridge,
which was acquired in 1991, has been conducting operations since 1978, while the
Company started Archery Summit in 1993. Since acquisition, the Company's
investment in winery operations has grown, principally to fund the acquisition
of land for vineyard development and to increase production capacity and storage
facilities at both of the wineries. It can take up to five years for a new
vineyard property to reach full production and, depending upon the varietal
produced, up to three years after grape harvest before the wine can be sold. The
Company controls 224 acres of vineyards in the Napa Valley, California and 115
acres of vineyards in the Willamette Valley of Oregon, substantially all of
which are owned and producing grapes. The Company believes that its vineyards
are located in some of the most highly regarded appellations of the Napa Valley.
At December 31, 2004, the Company's combined net investment in these wineries
was $58,000,000. During 2004, the wineries sold approximately 63,600 9-liter
equivalent cases of wine generating wine revenues of $13,200,000.

       These wineries primarily produce and sell wines in the luxury segment of
the premium table wine market; however, approximately 7% of the wineries' wine
revenues and 19% of case sales were derived from a wine that is not in the
luxury segment and is made from purchased grapes. The Company's wines are
primarily sold to distributors, who then sell to retailers and restaurants. The
distributors used by the Company also offer premium table wines of other
companies that directly compete with the Company's products. As permitted under
federal and local regulations, the wineries have also been placing increasing
emphasis on sales direct to consumers, which they are able to do through the
internet, wine clubs and at the wineries' tasting rooms. During 2004, direct
sales to consumers represented 21% of case sales and 41% of wine revenues. Sales
of the Company's wines in California and Oregon (excluding direct sales to
consumers) amounted to approximately 11% of 2004 wine revenues.

                                       26
<PAGE>

       The luxury segment of the wine industry is intensely competitive. The
Company's wines compete with small and large producers in the U.S., as well as
with imported wines. Demand for wine in the luxury market segment can rise and
fall with general economic conditions, and is also significantly affected by
available supply. At present, there is a worldwide oversupply of luxury wine
which may last for a few years. The demand for the Company's wines is also
affected by the ratings given the Company's wines in industry publications.
During the past year, ratings for some of the Company's wines have increased or
stayed substantially the same while ratings for other varietals have declined.
Although future ratings are impossible to predict, the Company would not
normally expect that all of its wines would be similarly rated at the same time.

       In the past year wine sales have declined and inventory levels of the
Company's wines held by the Company and its distributors have grown, which
resulted in the need to hold, or for certain varietals reduce prices. In
particular, Pine Ridge has been producing too much Merlot for its historical
sales volume, and it expects to reduce future production through re-budding and
re-planting activities. The Company's wineries have also been focused on
improving wine quality. Wine quality improvements are principally being made by
reducing the amount of grape clusters grown on each grapevine (resulting in
yield reduction) to further concentrate flavor, and investing in new winemaking
equipment. Luxury wines available for sale in any given year are also dependent
upon harvest yields of earlier periods, which can fluctuate from harvest to
harvest depending on weather patterns, insects and other non-controllable
circumstances.

       Certain of the wineries' production, sales and distribution activities
are subject to regulation by agencies of both federal and state governments.
There is currently a case pending before the U.S. Supreme Court concerning
interstate wine shipments that could change the ability of wineries to sell wine
directly to consumers in various states. The Company is unable to predict the
eventual outcome of this litigation.

MK Resources

       The Company has a 72.1% interest in MK Resources, whose principal
subsidiary, Cobre Las Cruces, S.A., a Spanish company, holds the exploration and
mineral rights to the Las Cruces copper deposit in the Pyrite Belt of Spain.
During 2003, a feasibility study for the project was prepared by DMT-Montan
Consulting GmbH and Outokumpu Technology Group, which incorporates the
requirements of various local regulatory authorities. The feasibility study was
reviewed by Pincock, Allen & Holt, an independent engineering company, and
includes a proven and probable ore reserve calculation prepared by DMT. Pincock,
Allen & Holt made minor adjustments to the ore reserve calculations in
connection with its review. Including these adjustments, proven and probable
reserves are approximately 16 million metric tons of copper ore at an average
grade of 6.62% copper. As of December 31, 2004, the carrying value of the
Company's investment in mining properties, plant and mine development was
$85,400,000 substantially all of which related to Cobre Las Cruces.

       Based on the study, the capital costs to build the project are estimated
at 281 million euros ($372,000,000 at exchange rates in effect on March 4,
2005), including working capital, land purchases, and contingencies, but
excluding reclamation bonding requirements, inflation, interest during
construction, cost overruns and other financing costs. Cash operating costs per
pound of copper produced are expected to average 0.33 euros per pound ($.44 per
pound) of copper produced. The project's capital and operating costs will be
paid for in euros, while copper revenues during the life of the mine will be
based on the U.S. dollar. The appreciation of the euro against the U.S. dollar
during the past few years has significantly increased the U.S. dollar cost to
build the project; however, the price of copper in U.S. dollars has also
increased significantly, which would offset the increase in capital costs.
However, there can be no assurance that the relationship between the U.S. dollar
price of copper and the euro will stay the same in the future.

       Development of the Las Cruces project is subject to obtaining required
permits, obtaining both debt and equity financing for the project, engineering
and construction. Environmental approval of the project has been obtained from
the Spanish and Andalusian government agencies. The mining concession was
received during 2003, and the four principal water permits that are required
were received during 2003 and 2004. The approvals, permits and concessions that
have been received to date are significant to the successful development of the
project; however, additional licenses and permits will have to be obtained.
Cobre Las Cruces has filed applications with the appropriate regulatory
authorities seeking approval for certain of these matters, while others cannot
be filed until additional engineering work or other steps are completed. Cobre
Las Cruces has also been granted government subsidies of 47.5 million euros
($62,900,000); however, the grants require it to make certain capital
expenditures by March 27, 2005, a deadline that it will not be able to meet
principally because of delays in obtaining permits. Cobre Las Cruces has filed a
request to further extend the deadline, but has been informed that the
government will not act on the extension request prior to the current
expiration. Although MK Resources believes that the extension will be granted,
no assurance can be given that an extension will actually be received. A loss of
the subsidies would adversely impact the economic viability of the project.


                                       27

<PAGE>

       To date, the Company has been the sole source of funding for the Las
Cruces project. The amount of equity capital and third party financing that can
be obtained for the project and its related cost will be significantly affected
by the assessment of potential investors and lenders of the current and expected
future market price of copper, as well as current market conditions for this
type of investment. MK Resources has not yet determined whether the debt
financing for the project will be denominated in euros or dollars or some
combination of both. During 2004, MK Resources was unsuccessful in raising
equity capital for the project, due to unfavorable market conditions at the
time. Assuming required permits and financing are obtained in a timely manner,
MK Resources anticipates that final design will begin in 2005, followed by
construction and mine development thereafter, with copper production to begin
during 2007. Although MK Resources believes the necessary permitting and
financing will be obtained, no assurances can be given that MK Resources will be
successful, or if successful, when permitting and financing will be obtained.
Further, there may be other political and economic circumstances that could
prevent or delay development of Las Cruces.


                                Other Investments

       In 2004, the Company invested $75,000,000 in INTL Consilium Emerging
Market Absolute Return Fund, LLC ("INTL"), a limited liability company that is
invested in a master fund which primarily invests in emerging markets debt and
equity securities. INTL and the master fund are managed and controlled by an
investment manager who has full discretion over investment and operating
decisions. Under GAAP, INTL is considered a variable interest entity and the
Company is the primary beneficiary; as a result, the Company accounts for its
investment in INTL as a consolidated subsidiary. INTL plans to sell additional
membership interests in the future, which if accomplished could result in the
Company no longer accounting for INTL as a consolidated subsidiary. The Company
can generally withdraw its capital account interest upon 90 days notice, subject
to the manager's ability to liquidate security positions in an orderly manner.
At December 31, 2004, INTL had total assets of $79,600,000, which are reflected
as investments in the Company's consolidated balance sheet, and its liabilities
were not material. For the year ended December 31, 2004, the Company recorded
$2,200,000 of pre-tax income relating to INTL. The Company has included INTL in
its Corporate segment.

       In December 2003, the Company purchased all of the debt obligations under
the senior secured credit facility of ATX Communications, Inc. and certain of
its affiliates (collectively "ATX") for $25,000,000, and also entered into an
amendment to the facility pursuant to which the Company agreed to refrain from
exercising certain of its rights under the facility, subject to certain
conditions. ATX is an integrated communications provider that offers local
exchange carrier and inter-exchange carrier telephone, Internet, high-speed data
and other communications services to business and residential customers in
targeted markets throughout the Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions of the U.S. For
the year ended December 31, 2004, ATX reported total revenues of approximately
$251,000,000.

       As contemplated at the time of the Company's purchase, in January 2004,
ATX commenced a voluntary Chapter 11 case in order to reorganize its financial
affairs. During 2004, the Company provided debtor-in-possession financing to ATX
of $5,000,000. This financing is secured by liens on substantially all of ATX's
assets, and is expected to be repaid upon ATX's emergence from bankruptcy. In
January 2005, ATX filed its First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization (the
"Plan") and related disclosure statement. The Plan was filed after agreements
were reached with major stakeholders and/or the representatives of major
stakeholders in the bankruptcy case. The Plan contemplates that the Company will
convert its current investment in the ATX credit facility into 95% of the new
common stock of the reorganized ATX and a new $25,000,000 senior secured note
which bears interest at 10%. In addition, the Company will provide up to
$25,000,000 of exit financing to ATX to fund bankruptcy related payments and
working capital requirements, which includes the repayment of the Company's
$5,000,000 debtor-in-possession financing. The Plan is subject to the approval
of the bankruptcy court and creditors. Assuming that ATX is reorganized as
contemplated in the Plan, the Company will consolidate ATX as of the date the
Plan becomes effective.


                                       28

<PAGE>

       The Company has an investment in Berkadia, an entity jointly owned by the
Company and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. ("Berkshire"). In 2001, Berkadia lent
$5,600,000,000 on a senior secured basis to FINOVA Capital Corporation (the
"Berkadia Loan"), the principal operating subsidiary of FINOVA, to facilitate a
chapter 11 restructuring of the outstanding debt of FINOVA and its principal
subsidiaries. Berkadia also received newly issued shares of common stock of
FINOVA representing 50% of the stock of FINOVA outstanding on a fully diluted
basis. In 2001, the Company entered into a ten-year management agreement with
FINOVA, for which it receives an $8,000,000 annual fee that it shares equally
with Berkshire. FINOVA is a financial services holding company that, prior to
its filing for bankruptcy, provided a broad range of financing and capital
markets products, primarily to mid-size businesses. Since its chapter 11
restructuring, FINOVA's business activities have been limited to the orderly
collection and liquidation of its assets and FINOVA has not engaged in any new
lending activities.

       Berkadia financed the Berkadia Loan with bank financing that was
guaranteed, 90% by Berkshire and 10% by the Company (with the Company's
guarantee being secondarily guaranteed by Berkshire). All income related to the
Berkadia Loan, after payment of financing costs, was shared 90% to Berkshire and
10% to the Company. In February 2004, FINOVA fully repaid the Berkadia Loan, and
Berkadia fully repaid its bank financing, thereby eliminating the Company's
guaranty. Pursuant to the management agreement, the Company continues to manage
FINOVA, for which it receives the fee described above. Although the term of the
Company's management agreement with FINOVA extends until August 2011, the
Company cannot provide assurances that the agreement (and the fee the Company
receives) will remain in effect after November 2009, at which time FINOVA's bond
debt matures.

       At December 31, 2004, the book value of the Company's 19% equity interest
in Olympus was $124,400,000. Olympus was formed in 2001 to take advantage of the
lack of capacity and favorable pricing in the reinsurance market. It has entered
into a quota share reinsurance agreement with Folksamerica Reinsurance Company,
an affiliate of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. ("WMIG"), and has also
entered into reinsurance transactions with other parties. When the market
opportunity to underwrite reinsurance business on favorable terms recedes, the
by-laws of Olympus include mechanisms to return its capital to its investors,
subject to Bermuda insurance regulations and other laws restricting the return
of capital. For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company
recorded $9,700,000, $40,400,000 and $24,100,000, respectively, of pre-tax
income from this investment under the equity method of accounting. During 2004,
Olympus' results, and accordingly, the Company's equity in Olympus' earnings,
were adversely affected by property damage claims caused by severe hurricanes.

       At December 31, 2004, the book value of the Company's equity investment
in JPOF II, a registered broker-dealer, was $116,200,000. JPOF II is managed by
Jefferies & Company, Inc., a full service investment bank to middle market
companies. JPOF II invests in high yield securities, special situation
investments and distressed securities and provides trading services to its
customers and clients. For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, the
Company recorded $16,200,000, $14,800,000 and $15,200,000, respectively, of
pre-tax income from this investment under the equity method of accounting, all
of which was distributed to the Company shortly after the end of each year.

       In December 2001, the Company invested $50,000,000 in EagleRock, a
limited partnership that invests and trades in securities and other investment
vehicles. At December 31, 2004, the book value of the Company's equity
investment in EagleRock was $121,100,000. Pre-tax results of $29,400,000,
$49,900,000 and $(4,500,000) for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
2002, respectively, were recorded from this investment under the equity method
of accounting. During 2004, EagleRock distributed $3,700,000 to the Company.

                                       29
<PAGE>

       The Company owns 375,000 common shares that represent approximately 3.5%
of WMIG. WMIG is a publicly traded, Bermuda domiciled financial services holding
company, principally engaged through its subsidiaries and affiliates in property
and casualty insurance and reinsurance. At December 31, 2004, the Company's
investment had a market value of $242,300,000.

       The Company owns approximately 36% of the common stock of Light & Power
Holdings Ltd., the parent company of The Barbados Light and Power Company
Limited, the primary generator and distributor of electricity in Barbados. At
December 31, 2004, the Company's investment of $12,100,000 was accounted for on
the cost method of accounting, due to currency exchange restrictions and stock
transfer restrictions.

       The Company beneficially owns equity interests representing more than 5%
of the outstanding capital stock of each of the following domestic public
companies at March 4, 2005 (determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934): FINOVA (25%), HomeFed (30%), International
Assets Holding Corporation (16.5%), Jordan Industries, Inc. ("JII") (10.1%), and
ParkerVision, Inc. (6.2%). The Company also owns 20.3% of JII's Senior
Subordinated Discount Debentures due 2009 ($19,300,000 aggregate principal
amount, for which the Company paid $9,100,000) and 22.8% of JII Holdings Senior
Secured Notes due 2007 ($39,500,000 aggregate principal amount, for which the
Company paid $36,500,000).

       From 1982 through the fourth quarter of 2002, a subsidiary of the Company
has had a partnership interest in The Jordan Company LLC and Jordan/Zalaznick
Capital Company, entities that specialized in structuring leveraged buyouts in
which the owners are given the opportunity to become equity participants. These
equity investments include JII, JZ Equity Partners PLC (a British company traded
on the London Stock Exchange in which the Company holds a 6.5% equity interest),
and a total of 24 other companies. At December 31, 2004, these investments are
carried in the Company's consolidated financial statements at $108,900,000, of
which $81,800,000 relates to public companies carried at market value. The
Jordan-related partnerships were terminated at the end of 2002.

       For further information about the Company's business, including the
Company's investments, reference is made to Item 7, "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Report and
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item 2.  Properties.
- ------   ----------

       The WilTel network and its component assets are the principal properties
that WilTel operates and are described in Item 1 herein. WilTel purchased or
leased various rights of way to install its network; the majority of its rights
of way agreements extend through at least 2018. WilTel owns or leases office
space and points of presence sites (point of presence are locations where WilTel
has transmission, routing and switching equipment) in approximately 120 U.S.
cities and towns. These facilities primarily range in size from 2,000 square
feet to 750,000 square feet and total approximately 3,700,000 square feet,
including WilTel's 750,000 square foot headquarters building located in Tulsa,
Oklahoma, which it owns.

       Through its various subsidiaries, the Company owns and utilizes office
space in Salt Lake City, Utah for corporate and banking and lending activities
(totaling approximately 80,200 square feet). Subsidiaries of the Company own
facilities primarily used for manufacturing located in Georgia and Genk, Belgium
(totaling approximately 410,300 square feet) and facilities and land in
California and Oregon used for winery operations (totaling approximately 123,300
square feet and 396 acres, respectively).

                                       30
<PAGE>


       The Company and its subsidiaries lease numerous manufacturing,
warehousing, office and headquarters facilities. Symphony also leases facilities
in a number of locations that are used for administrative functions and
outpatient therapy services. The facilities vary in size and have leases
expiring at various times, subject, in certain instances, to renewal options.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
- ------   -----------------

       The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to legal proceedings that
are considered to be either ordinary, routine litigation incidental to their
business or not material to the Company's consolidated financial position. The
Company does not believe that any of the foregoing actions will have a material
adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, consolidated results of
operations or liquidity.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
- ------   ---------------------------------------------------

       Not applicable.

Item 10.  Executive Officers of the Registrant.
- -------   ------------------------------------

       All executive officers of the Company are elected at the organizational
meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held annually and serve at the
pleasure of the Board of Directors. As of March 4, 2005, the executive officers
of the Company, their ages, the positions held by them and the periods during
which they have served in such positions were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Name                                Age              Position with Leucadia         Office Held Since
- ----                                ---              ----------------------         -----------------
<S>                                  <C>                       <C>                     <C>

Ian M. Cumming                       64              Chairman of the Board          June 1978
Joseph S. Steinberg                  61              President                      January 1979
Thomas E. Mara                       59              Executive Vice President       May 1980;
                                                        and Treasurer                  January 1993
Joseph A. Orlando                    49              Vice President and             January 1994;
                                                        Chief Financial Officer        April 1996
Barbara L. Lowenthal                 50              Vice President and             April 1996
                                                        Comptroller
H.E. Scruggs                         47              Vice President                 August 2002

</TABLE>

       Mr. Cumming has served as a director and Chairman of the Board of the
Company since June 1978 and as Chairman of the Board of FINOVA since August
2001. Mr. Cumming has also been a director of Skywest, Inc., a Utah-based
regional air carrier, since June 1986 and a director of HomeFed since May 1999.

       Mr. Steinberg has served as a director of the Company since December 1978
and as President of the Company since January 1979. In addition, he has served
as a director of JII since June 1988, HomeFed since August 1998 (Chairman since
December 1999), FINOVA since August 2001 and WMIG since June 2001.

       Mr. Mara joined the Company in April 1977 and was elected Vice President
of the Company in May 1977. He has served as Executive Vice President of the
Company since May 1980 and as Treasurer of the Company since January 1993. In
addition, he has served as a director of MK Resources since February 2000 and
President of MK Resources since March 2004 and as a director of FINOVA since
September 2002 and Chief Executive Officer of FINOVA since September 2002.

       Mr. Orlando, a certified public accountant, has served as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company since April 1996 and as Vice President of the Company
since January 1994.

       Ms. Lowenthal, a certified public accountant, has served as Vice
President and Comptroller of the Company since April 1996.

       Mr. Scruggs joined the Company in 1995, served as Vice President from
March 2000 through December 2001, and from August 2002 until the present.


                                       31
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
         and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
- ------   ----------------------------------------------------------------------

       The common shares of the Company are traded on the NYSE and Pacific
Exchange, Inc. under the symbol LUK. The following table sets forth, for the
calendar periods indicated, the high and low sales price per common share on the
consolidated transaction reporting system, as reported by the Bloomberg
Professional Service provided by Bloomberg L.P.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  Common Share
                                                                                  ------------
                                                                           High                     Low
                                                                           ----                     ---
<S>          <C>                                                             <C>                      <C>

         2003
         ----
         First Quarter                                                    $ 25.73                 $ 21.73
         Second Quarter                                                     26.29                   23.86
         Third Quarter                                                      26.27                   24.22
         Fourth Quarter                                                     30.79                   25.19

         2004
         ----
         First Quarter                                                    $ 35.97                 $ 30.69
         Second Quarter                                                     37.74                   30.03
         Third Quarter                                                      37.78                   32.23
         Fourth Quarter                                                     47.00                   37.50


         2005
         ----
         First Quarter (through March 4, 2005)                            $ 46.65                 $ 32.40

</TABLE>

       As of March 4, 2005, there were approximately 2,800 record holders of the
common shares.

       The Company paid cash dividends of $0.25 per common share in 2004 and
$.167 per common share in 2003. The payment of dividends in the future is
subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon general
business conditions, legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of
dividends and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem to be relevant.

       In connection with the declaration of dividends or the making of
distributions on, or the purchase, redemption or other acquisition of common
shares, the Company is required to comply with certain restrictions contained in
certain of its debt instruments. The Company's regulated subsidiaries are
restricted in the amount of distributions that can be made to the Company
without regulatory approval. For further information, see Item 7, "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"
included in this Report.

       Certain subsidiaries of the Company have significant net operating loss
carryforwards ("NOLs") and other tax attributes, the amount and availability of
which are subject to certain qualifications, limitations and uncertainties. In
order to reduce the possibility that certain changes in ownership could impose
limitations on the use of the Company's tax attributes, the Company's
certificate of incorporation contains provisions which generally restrict the
ability of a person or entity from accumulating five percent or more of the
common shares and the ability of persons or entities now owning five percent or
more of the common shares from acquiring additional common shares. The
restrictions will remain in effect until the earliest of (a) December 31, 2024,
(b) the repeal of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any comparable
successor provision) or (c) the beginning of a taxable year of the Company to
which certain tax benefits may no longer be carried forward.

                                       32
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.
- ------   -----------------------

       The following selected financial data have been summarized from the
Company's consolidated financial statements and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, such consolidated
financial statements and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Report. Amounts have been
adjusted to give retroactive effect to the Stock Split.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              2004           2003          2002           2001            2000
                                                              ----           ----          ----           ----            ----
                                                                          (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>

SELECTED INCOME STATEMENT DATA: (a)
Revenues and other income (b)                              $ 2,262,111   $  548,971     $ 235,157     $  369,553      $   489,566
Expenses                                                     2,206,826      580,724       274,301        297,478          288,413
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income
  taxes, minority expense of trust preferred securities
  and equity in income (losses) of associated companies         55,285      (31,753)      (39,144)        72,075          201,153
Income from continuing operations before minority
  expense of trust preferred securities and equity in
  income (losses) of associated companies (c)                   75,447       11,689       104,931         83,799          133,019
Minority expense of trust preferred securities, net of
  taxes                                                          --          (2,761)       (5,521)        (5,521)          (5,521)
Equity in income (losses) of associated companies, net
  of taxes                                                      76,479       76,947        54,712        (15,974)          19,040
Income from continuing operations                              151,956       85,875       154,122         62,304          146,538
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, including
  gain (loss) on disposal, net of taxes                         (6,456)      11,179         7,501        (70,223)         (30,530)
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle            --             --            --             411              --
    Net income (loss)                                          145,500       97,054       161,623         (7,508)         116,008

Per share:
  Basic earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income from continuing operations                             $1.42        $ .94         $1.85          $ .75            $1.76
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
    including gain (loss) on disposal                             (.06)         .12           .09           (.85)            (.37)
   Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle           --          --            --              .01              --
                                                                 -----        -----         -----          -----            -----
     Net income (loss)                                           $1.36        $1.06         $1.94          $(.09)           $1.39
                                                                 =====        =====         =====          =====            =====

  Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income from continuing operations                             $1.40        $ .93         $1.83          $ .75            $1.76
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
    including gain (loss) on disposal                             (.06)         .12           .09           (.85)            (.37)
   Cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle           --           --            --             .01              --
                                                                 -----        ------        -----          -----            -----
     Net income (loss)                                           $1.34        $1.05         $1.92          $(.09)           $1.39
                                                                 =====        =====         =====          =====            =====

</TABLE>
                                       33
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                       At December 31,
                                                      ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              2004           2003          2002           2001            2000
                                                              ----           ----          ----           ----            ----
                                                                          (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>

SELECTED BALANCE SHEET DATA: (a)
  Cash and investments                                $ 2,320,052    $ 1,602,495     $  1,043,471        $ 1,080,271   $   998,892
  Total assets                                          4,800,403      4,397,164        2,541,778          2,469,087     2,417,783
  Debt, including current maturities                    1,551,741      1,178,834          233,073            252,279       190,486
  Customer banking deposits                                24,591        145,532          392,904            476,495       526,172
  Shareholders' equity                                  2,258,653      2,134,161        1,534,525          1,195,453     1,204,241
  Book value per common share                              $20.99         $20.09           $17.16             $14.41        $14.52
  Cash dividends per common share                          $  .25         $  .17           $  .17             $  .17        $  .17
</TABLE>

(a)  WilTel is reflected as a consolidated subsidiary as of November 6, 2003,
     the date the Company acquired the balance of the WilTel shares it did not
     previously own in exchange for the issuance of 16,734,690 common shares of
     the Company. In 2002, the Company acquired 47.4% of WilTel for $353,900,000
     in cash, including expenses, which was accounted for by the Company under
     the equity method of accounting. The Company's share of WilTel's losses
     prior to November 6, 2003 is included in the caption equity in income
     (losses) of associated companies ($52,087,000 for 2003 and $13,374,000 for
     2002). Symphony is reflected as a consolidated subsidiary since its
     acquisition in September 2003. For additional information, see Note 3 of
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

(b)  Includes net securities gains (losses) of $142,936,000, $9,953,000,
     $(37,066,000), $28,450,000 and $124,964,000 for the years ended December
     31, 2004, 2003, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

(c)  As a result of the favorable resolution of various state and federal income
     tax contingencies, the income tax provision reflects a benefit of
     approximately $27,300,000 for 2004, $24,400,000 for 2003, $120,000,000 for
     2002 and $36,200,000 for 2001.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operations.
- ------   -----------------------------------------------------------------------

       The purpose of this section is to discuss and analyze the Company's
consolidated financial condition, liquidity and capital resources and results of
operations. This analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes which appear elsewhere in this Report.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Parent Company Liquidity

       Leucadia National Corporation (the "Parent") is a holding company whose
assets principally consist of the stock of its direct subsidiaries, cash and
cash equivalents and other non-controlling investments in debt and equity
securities. The Parent continuously evaluates the retention and disposition of
its existing operations and investments and investigates possible acquisitions
of new businesses in order to maximize shareholder value. Accordingly, while the
Parent does not have any material arrangement, commitment or understanding with
respect thereto (except as disclosed in this Report), further acquisitions,
divestitures, investments and changes in capital structure are possible. Its
principal sources of funds are its available cash resources, liquid investments,
bank borrowings, public and private capital market transactions, repayment of
subsidiary advances, funds distributed from its subsidiaries as tax sharing
payments, management and other fees, and borrowings and dividends from its
regulated and non-regulated subsidiaries.

       As of December 31, 2004, the Parent's readily available cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities, excluding amounts held by its regulated
subsidiary and non-regulated subsidiaries that are parties to agreements which
restrict the payment of dividends, totaled $1,756,600,000. This amount is
comprised of cash and short-term bonds and notes of the United States Government
and its agencies of $1,087,800,000 (61.9%), the equity investment in WMIG of
$242,300,000 (13.8%) (which can be sold privately or otherwise in compliance
with the securities laws and have the benefit of a registration rights
agreement), and other publicly traded debt and equity securities aggregating
$426,500,000 (24.3%). The investment income realized from these investments is
used to meet the Parent company's short-term recurring cash requirements, which
are principally the payment of interest on its debt and corporate overhead
expenses.

                                       34
<PAGE>

       The Parent's only long-term cash requirement is to make principal
payments on its long-term debt ($964,000,000 outstanding as of December 31,
2004), of which $40,800,000 is due before 2013, $475,000,000 is due in 2013,
$350,000,000 is due in 2014 and $98,200,000 is due in 2027. Historically, the
Parent has used its available liquidity to make acquisitions of new businesses
and other investments, but the timing of any future investments and the cost can
not be predicted. Should the Company require additional liquidity for an
investment or any other purpose, the Parent also has an unsecured bank credit
facility of $110,000,000 that matures in 2007 and bears interest based on the
Eurocurrency Rate or the prime rate. No amounts are currently outstanding under
the bank credit facility. In addition, based on discussions with commercial and
investment bankers, the Company believes that it has the ability to raise
additional funds under acceptable conditions for use in its existing businesses
or for appropriate investment opportunities. During 2004, Moody's Investors
Services and Standard & Poor's each downgraded the Parent's debt obligations,
and in early 2005, the Parent was also downgraded by Fitch Ratings. The Parent's
senior debt obligations are rated two levels below investment grade by Moody's
Investors Services and Standard & Poor's, and one level below investment grade
by Fitch Ratings. Ratings issued by bond rating agencies are subject to change
at any time.

       In April 2004, the Parent sold $100,000,000 principal amount of its 7%
Senior Notes due 2013 in a private placement transaction at 102.191% of the
principal amount. The net cash proceeds from the sale of the notes are being
used for general corporate purposes. The Parent completed a registered exchange
offer pursuant to which each holder of the privately placed senior notes
exchanged those notes for publicly registered notes.

       Also in April 2004, the Parent sold $350,000,000 principal amount of its
3 3/4% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2014 in a private placement
transaction. The notes are convertible into the Parent's common shares at $45.93
per share at any time before their maturity, subject to certain restrictions
contained in the notes, at a conversion rate of 21.7707 shares per each $1,000
principal amount of notes, subject to adjustment (an aggregate of 7,619,745
shares). The net cash proceeds from the sale of the notes are being used for
general corporate purposes. The Parent has a currently effective shelf
registration statement in respect of the notes and the common shares issuable
upon conversion of the notes.

       In January 2004, the Company exercised an option to sell two of its older
corporate aircraft for total proceeds of $38,800,000. The option was received in
connection with the purchase of two new corporate aircraft during 2003. The
Company completed the sales in July 2004, and reported a pre-tax gain of
$11,300,000.

       In 2004, the Company invested $75,000,000 in INTL, a limited liability
company that is invested in a master fund which primarily invests in emerging
markets debt and equity securities. INTL and the master fund are managed and
controlled by an investment manager who has full discretion over investment and
operating decisions. Under GAAP, INTL is considered a variable interest entity
and the Company is the primary beneficiary; as a result, the Company accounts
for its investment in INTL as a consolidated subsidiary. INTL plans to sell
additional membership interests in the future, which if accomplished could
result in the Company no longer accounting for INTL as a consolidated
subsidiary. The creditors of INTL have recourse only to the assets of INTL and
do not have recourse to any other assets of the Company. The Company can
generally withdraw its capital account interest upon 90 days notice, subject to
the manager's ability to liquidate security positions in an orderly manner. At
December 31, 2004, all of INTL's assets were classified as investments and its
liabilities were not material.

       WilTel became a member of the Company's consolidated federal income tax
return as of November 6, 2003. WilTel joined the Company's tax return with
significant NOLs, substantially all of which are only available to reduce the
federal taxable income of WilTel and its subsidiaries, and has substantial other
tax attributes and generates substantial deductions (primarily depreciation
deductions), some of which are also available to offset the federal taxable
income of the Company and its other subsidiaries. Although the amount of these
deductions that can be used to offset the federal taxable income of other
members of the Company's consolidated tax group is dependent upon a number of
factors, including the future taxable income of WilTel and its subsidiaries, the
Company does not expect it will have material federal income tax liabilities for
the foreseeable future. For more information about WilTel's NOLs and tax
attributes, see Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Report.

                                       35
<PAGE>

       The amount and availability of the Company's NOLs and other tax
attributes are subject to certain qualifications, limitations and uncertainties.
In order to reduce the possibility that certain changes in ownership could
impose limitations on the use of the NOLs, the Company's certificate of
incorporation contains provisions which generally restrict the ability of a
person or entity from accumulating five percent or more of the common shares and
the ability of persons or entities now owning five percent or more of the common
shares from acquiring additional common shares. The restrictions will remain in
effect until the earliest of (a) December 31, 2024, (b) the repeal of Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any comparable successor provision) or (c)
the beginning of a taxable year of the Company to which certain tax benefits may
no longer be carried forward.

       As of March 4, 2005, the Company is authorized to repurchase 3,733,148
common shares. Such purchases may be made from time to time in the open market,
through block trades or otherwise. Depending on market conditions and other
factors, such purchases may be commenced or suspended at any time without prior
notice. Except in connection with employees using common shares to pay the
exercise price of employee stock options, the Company has not repurchased any
common shares during the three year period ended December 31, 2004.

       At December 31, 2004, no amounts were available to the Parent as
dividends from its regulated subsidiary without regulatory approval. Cash and
investments aggregating $241,000,000 are held by non-regulated subsidiaries that
are parties to agreements which restrict the payment of dividends. For more
information concerning the long-term debt of the Company and its subsidiaries,
see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consolidated Liquidity

       In 2004, net cash was provided by operating activities, principally as a
result of distributions from associated companies, the pre-funding by SBC of
certain of WilTel's capital expenditures, the refund of excess federal income
tax payments and an increase in accounts payable due to the timing of payments.
In 2003, net cash was used for operating activities, principally due to
corporate overhead expenses, reduced investment income, an increase in the
investment in the trading portfolio and a $10,000,000 contribution to the
Company's defined benefit pension plan. In 2002, net cash was provided by
operating activities, principally as a result of a reduction to the Company's
investment in the trading portfolio.

       At December 31, 2004, WilTel had aggregate cash and investments of
$239,700,000 available for use in its operating, investing and financing
activities. Substantially all of WilTel's assets have been pledged to secure its
outstanding long-term debt, principally to secure its obligations under its
credit agreement ($359,400,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2004) and its
mortgage debt ($60,300,000 outstanding at December 31, 2004).

        In conjunction with a pricing agreement for certain voice services, in
January 2004, SBC paid WilTel $25,000,000 for pre-funding of certain capital
expenditures. The amount is reflected as a liability on the December 31, 2004
consolidated balance sheet. During 2004, WilTel expended all of these funds for
the equipment specified in the pricing agreement. The agreement required that
WilTel return the funds to SBC if, prior to January 31, 2005, WilTel and SBC
entered into an agreement for voice transport pricing through December 31, 2006.
Since such an agreement was not entered into, during the first quarter of 2005
WilTel will recognize the full amount as other income.

       In September 2004, WilTel refinanced its existing $375,000,000 credit
agreement debt by entering into an amended credit agreement consisting of a
$240,000,000 first lien term loan facility, a $120,000,000 second lien term loan
facility and a $25,000,000 revolving credit facility (which it can no longer
draw upon, as discussed below). WilTel also used $90,000,000 of its cash and
investments to repay in full one of the two mortgage notes that was secured by
its headquarters building ($54,600,000 including accrued interest), reduce the
amount outstanding under its credit agreement ($15,000,000), reduce the amount
outstanding under the other note that is secured by its headquarters building
($13,300,000) and pay expenses. The amended credit agreement has not been
guaranteed by the Company and is not secured by any of the Company's assets
other than the assets of WilTel.

                                       36
<PAGE>

       The first lien term loan facility requires quarterly principal payments
of approximately $632,000 commencing December 31, 2004 through June 30, 2009,
and quarterly principal payments of $57,000,000 thereafter until final maturity
on June 30, 2010. The second lien term loan facility matures on December 31,
2010. However, if WilTel does not refinance its obligations under its
outstanding mortgage debt prior to October 1, 2009, then the first lien term
loan facility will mature on October 1, 2009, and if such mortgage debt is not
refinanced by January 1, 2010, then the second lien term loan facility will
mature on January 1, 2010. Loans under the credit agreement bear interest at a
variable rate based upon either the prime rate or LIBOR, at WilTel's option,
plus a specified margin for each loan. WilTel's obligations under its amended
credit agreement are secured by substantially all of its assets other than those
assets securing its headquarters building, for which the amended credit
agreement lenders have a second priority lien, and its aircraft capital leases.

       Pursuant to the terms of WilTel's amended credit agreement, SBC's
announcement to migrate its IP-based and long distance services to the AT&T
network is considered an event which could reasonably be expected to have a
"material adverse effect" as defined in the facility, and as a result WilTel can
no longer access its $25,000,000 revolving credit facility. WilTel does not
anticipate needing the $25,000,000 revolving credit facility to meet its present
requirements. The announcement does not have any impact on the $360,000,000 of
term loans under WilTel's credit agreement. However, the credit agreement
provides for an event of default if there is any amendment, supplement,
modification or termination of any WilTel contract or agreement that has had or
could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on WilTel
(as defined in the credit agreement). As mentioned above, WilTel is currently
engaged in negotiations with SBC with respect to a transition pricing agreement
and other matters which, if successfully concluded, may or may not be deemed an
event of default under the WilTel credit agreement. WilTel intends to enter into
discussions with its lenders before entering into any new definitive agreement
with SBC.

       WilTel's mortgage debt (which is non-recourse to the Company), has an
interest rate of 7% and requires annual principal payments escalating from
approximately $700,000 in 2005 to approximately $1,000,000 in 2009; a final
payment of approximately $56,000,000 is due at maturity in April 2010.

       The WilTel amended credit agreement contains covenants which require
WilTel to meet certain operating targets, which it currently meets, and
restrictions which limit WilTel's ability to incur additional indebtedness,
spend funds on capital expenditures and make certain investments. The agreement
also prohibits WilTel from paying dividends to the Company. The Company
currently expects that WilTel will be able to meet the operating targets
required by its credit agreement through 2006; however, compliance with the
operating targets thereafter is uncertain because of SBC's announced intention
to migrate its traffic to AT&T's network.

       While WilTel has no material contractual commitments for capital
expenditures, it may spend significant amounts each year, principally for
network expansion, maintenance and product upgrades. In addition, WilTel may
also incur additional capital expenditures upon the acquisition of new customers
or when providing new products to existing customers. WilTel uses its available
cash resources and operating profits to fund its capital expenditure needs.
During 2004, WilTel spent approximately $73,200,000 for capital expenditures,
including amounts that were pre-funded by SBC and that will be retained by
WilTel.

       WilTel is a party to various legal actions and claims, and has reserved
$21,500,000 for the satisfaction of all litigation. Certain of these actions
relate to the rights of way licensed to WilTel in connection with the
installation of its fiber-optic cable and seek damages from WilTel for failure
to obtain all necessary landowner consents. Additional right of way claims may
be asserted against WilTel. The Company does not believe that the ultimate
resolution of all claims, legal actions and complaints will have a material
adverse effect upon WilTel's results of operations, although unfavorable
outcomes could significantly impact WilTel's liquidity. During 2004, WilTel
settled litigation for a cash payment of $5,000,000; the $18,500,000 excess of
the reserved amount over the amount paid was recognized as other income.

       As mentioned above, in February 2005 the Company's manufacturing division
acquired the assets of NSW for approximately $28,000,000, thereby increasing its
mix of products and customer base. The funds for the acquisition were provided
from the Company's readily available cash resources.

                                       37
<PAGE>

       The Company's consolidated banking and lending operations had outstanding
loans (net of unearned finance charges) of $4,300,000 and $205,500,000 at
December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These loans were primarily funded by
deposits generated by the Company's deposit-taking facilities and by brokers,
which totaled $24,600,000 and $145,500,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. The cash flows generated from the collections on and sales of its
loan portfolios have been used to retire these deposits as they matured. During
2004, the Company sold its subprime automobile and collateralized consumer loan
portfolios for aggregate cash proceeds of $149,000,000, and sold certain loan
portfolios that had been substantially written-off for aggregate cash proceeds
of $8,100,000. The banking and lending segment is no longer making loans.

       Operating activities at the banking and lending segment are currently
concentrated on maximizing returns on its investment portfolio, collecting and
servicing its remaining loan portfolios and discharging deposit liabilities as
they come due. In 2004, AIB submitted an application to the state of Utah to
convert AIB's current national charter to a Utah state commercial bank charter.
However, in January 2005 the state of Utah notified AIB that it was suspending
the application to convert AIB's charter until such time as AIB has the
operational structure in place that is necessary to begin loan originations. AIB
does not intend to make these changes. Since AIB's application to convert the
charter was not approved, and since the OCC is requiring AIB to begin the
regulatory process to surrender its national charter, AIB will file a plan with
the OCC that will ultimately result in the surrender of its national bank
charter. No assurance can be given that the OCC will approve AIB's plan of
voluntary liquidation or that it will not take other adverse regulatory action.

       The Company's debt instruments require maintenance of minimum Tangible
Net Worth, limit distributions to shareholders and limit Indebtedness and Funded
Debt (as such terms are defined in the agreements). In addition, the debt
instruments contain limitations on investments, liens, contingent obligations
and certain other matters. The Company is in compliance with all of these
restrictions, and the Company has the ability to incur additional indebtedness
or make distributions to its shareholders and still remain in compliance with
these restrictions. Certain of the debt instruments of subsidiaries of the
Company also contain restrictions which require the maintenance of financial
covenants, impose restrictions on the ability to pay dividends to the Company
and/or provide collateral to the lender. For more information, see Note 11 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       38
<PAGE>



       As shown below, at December 31, 2004, the Company's contractual cash
obligations totaled $3,030,611,000.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    Payments Due by Period (in thousands)
                                                  --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                Less than 1
Contractual Cash Obligations                      Total            Year        1-3 Years     4-5 Years    After 5 Years
- ----------------------------                      -----            ----        ---------     ---------    -------------
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>          <C>

Customer banking deposits                      $     24,591      $ 18,472    $   6,095       $      24     $     --
Long-term debt                                    1,530,400        46,896       87,367         143,306      1,252,831
Estimated interest expense on long-term
  debt                                              790,840        95,139      180,700         172,421        342,580
Estimated payments related to derivative
  financial instruments                              31,900         6,315       11,776          10,599          3,210
Planned funding of pension and post-
  retirement obligations                             25,991        22,210          913             904          1,964
Operating leases, net of  sublease
  income                                            537,922        58,821      101,064          78,745        299,292
Asset purchase obligations                            1,857           905          952             --            --
Operations and maintenance obligations               66,944        15,388       19,174           7,674         24,708
Other long-term contractual
  obligations                                        20,166         3,433        6,133           3,400          7,200
                                               ------------      --------   ----------       ---------    -----------

Total Contractual Cash Obligations             $  3,030,611      $267,579    $ 414,174       $ 417,073    $ 1,931,785
                                               ============      ========    =========       =========    ===========
</TABLE>

       The estimated interest expense on long-term debt includes estimated
interest related to variable rate debt which the Company determined using rates
in effect at December 31, 2004. Estimated payments related to a currency swap
agreement are based on the currency rate in effect at December 31, 2004.
Material contractual obligations that are not included in the table above are
the Company's deferred revenue obligations ($213,800,000) and the consolidated
pension liability ($83,900,000). Deferred revenue obligations do not require the
expenditure of material incremental cash; however, they do require WilTel to
maintain its network for the benefit of itself and the other contracting party.
Except for expected funding of $21,700,000 in 2005, the pension liability is
excluded from the table because the timing of cash payments, if any, cannot be
predicted.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

       At December 31, 2004, the Company's off-balance sheet arrangements
consist of guarantees and letters of credit aggregating $73,300,000. Pursuant to
an agreement that was entered into before the Company sold CDS Holding
Corporation ("CDS") to HomeFed in 2002, the Company agreed to provide project
improvement bonds for the San Elijo Hills project. These bonds, which are for
the benefit of the City of San Marcos, California and other government agencies,
are required prior to the commencement of any development at the project. CDS is
responsible for paying all third party fees related to obtaining the bonds.
Should the City or others draw on the bonds for any reason, CDS and one of its
subsidiaries would be obligated to reimburse the Company for the amount drawn.
At December 31, 2004, the amount of outstanding bonds was $28,200,000,
$27,700,000 of which expires in 2005, $400,000 in 2006 and the remainder in
2009. Subsidiaries of the Company have outstanding letters of credit aggregating
$25,100,000 at December 31, 2004, principally to secure various obligations. All
of these letters of credit expire during 2005. The Company's remaining guarantee
at December 31, 2004 is a $20,000,000 indemnification given to a lender to a
certain real estate property. The amount borrowed under this real estate
financing is reflected as long-term debt in the Company's consolidated balance
sheet.

                                       39

<PAGE>

Critical Accounting Estimates

       The Company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and
results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these
financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates
all of these estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified
as critical accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a
material impact on the Company's financial statements, and because they are
based on assumptions which are used in the accounting records to reflect, at a
specific point in time, events whose ultimate outcome won't be known until a
later date. Actual results could differ from these estimates.

       Income Taxes - The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its
deferred taxes to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.
Historically, if the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize
its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an
adjustment would increase income in such period. Similarly, if the Company were
to determine that it would not be able to realize all or part of its net
deferred taxes in the future, an adjustment would be charged to income in such
period. The Company also records reserves for contingent tax liabilities based
on the Company's assessment of the probability of successfully sustaining its
tax filing positions.

       Subsequent to the acquisition of all of the outstanding common stock of
WilTel, WilTel became a member of the Company's consolidated tax return. As
discussed above, WilTel has significant tax attributes, some of which are
available to offset the future taxable income of other members of the Company's
consolidated federal income tax return. The Company established a valuation
allowance that fully reserved for all of WilTel's net deferred tax assets,
reduced by an amount equal to the Company's current and deferred federal income
tax liabilities as of the date of acquisition (see allocation of the purchase
price in Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Except as
discussed in results of operations below, before the Company can recognize a net
deferred tax asset, it will need to demonstrate that on a pro forma combined
basis with WilTel it will have had positive cumulative pre-tax income over a
period of years. At that time, any decrease to the valuation allowance will be
based significantly upon the Company's assumptions and projections of its future
income, which are inherently uncertain.

       During each of the last three years, the Company has adjusted its reserve
for contingent tax liabilities and reduced income tax expense upon the
conclusion of audits by various taxing jurisdictions or upon the expiration of
the statute of limitations for the examination of the Company's tax returns. The
adjustments have been material, reflecting the inherent difficulty of accurately
estimating and accruing for the ultimate resolution of tax contingencies. The
Company expects that adjustments to the valuation allowance for deferred income
taxes and contingent tax liabilities could be made in the future and, if such
adjustments are made, they could be material.

       Impairment of Long-Lived Assets - In accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets" ("SFAS 144"), the Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment
when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that
the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. The determination of
whether a long-lived asset (or asset group) is recoverable is based on
management's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the
asset as compared to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the asset (or
asset group) is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, the carrying amount of
the asset is considered to be not recoverable. The amount of the impairment
recognized would be determined by estimating the fair value for the asset (or
asset group) and recording a provision for the excess of the carrying value over
the fair value.


                                       40

<PAGE>

       As of December 31, 2004, the carrying amount of the Company's investment
in the mineral rights and mining properties of MK Resources was approximately
$85,400,000. The recoverability of this asset is entirely dependent upon the
success of MK Resource's mining project at the Las Cruces copper deposit in the
Pyrite Belt of Spain. Mining will be subject to obtaining required permits,
obtaining both debt and equity financing for the project, engineering and
construction. In addition, the actual price of copper, the operating cost of the
mine and the capital cost (in U.S. dollars) to build the project and bring the
mine into production will affect the recoverability of this asset. The Las
Cruces project has been granted government subsidies of 47.5 million euros
($62,900,000); however, the grants require MK Resources to make certain capital
expenditures by March 27, 2005, a deadline that it will not be able to meet
principally because of delays in obtaining permits. Las Cruces has filed a
request to further extend the deadline, but has been informed that the
government will not act on the extension request prior to the current
expiration.

       To date, the Company has been the sole source of funding for the Las
Cruces project. The amount of equity capital and third party financing that can
be obtained for the project and its related cost will be significantly affected
by the assessment of potential investors and lenders of the current and expected
future market price of copper, as well as current market conditions for this
type of investment. During 2004, MK Resources was unsuccessful in raising equity
capital for the project, due to unfavorable market conditions at the time. MK
Resources continues to explore financing possibilities. Based on the current
status of the project, MK Resource's estimate of future cash flows and its
assessment of financing possibilities, the Company believes the carrying amount
of its investment is recoverable. However, if the Company is unable to obtain
the permits required to begin construction of the mine and commence mining
activities, is unable to obtain financing for the project or the capital cost of
the project changes significantly, it is likely that this investment will be
impaired.

       At December 31, 2004, the carrying amount of the Company's investment in
its manufacturing facility located in Belgium was approximately $17,900,000. The
Belgium facility, which became operational in the third quarter of 2001, has not
yet achieved the level of revenues and profitability originally expected by the
Company, primarily due to the segment's loss of a major multi-national customer
and insufficient demand from other customers. During 2004, a new general manager
was hired at the facility to develop and implement marketing and sales
initiatives directed at generating revenue growth. Operating results at the
facility improved during 2004 as sales grew significantly compared to 2003 and
the business achieved positive cash flow. However, new customer acquisitions
must continue in order for the facility to reach profitability. Based on the
current business plan, which includes estimates of revenue growth, the Company
believes that its investment in the Belgium facility is recoverable. However, if
the estimated revenue growth is not achieved, the carrying amount of the
facility is likely to be impaired.

       As discussed above, on January 31, 2005, SBC announced that it would buy
AT&T Corp., and announced its intention to migrate the services provided by
Network to the AT&T network. Since SBC is WilTel's and Network's largest
customer, accounting for 70% of Network's 2004 revenues, the Company concluded
that the SBC announcement is an event which requires the Company to assess the
carrying value of WilTel's long-lived assets for impairment, principally
property and equipment. Since the event which gave rise to the impairment review
occurred on January 31, 2005, and is not reflective of a condition that existed
as of December 31, 2004, the assessment of impairment will be performed as part
of the preparation of the Company's financial statements for the first quarter
of 2005, and does not effect the carrying amount of the Company's assets as of
December 31, 2004. The carrying value of WilTel's property and equipment is
approximately $1,054,700,000 at December 31, 2004.

       The Company will have to make numerous assumptions and estimates about
the future to prepare its impairment analysis. The process of estimating future
cash flows is subjective and inherently inaccurate because precise information
about the future is not available, and in this case is exacerbated by the
volatility that the telecommunications industry has experienced over the past
few years. The economics of WilTel's future relationship with SBC, including its
term, is also uncertain, which will be one of the most significant variables in
the analysis. WilTel is currently engaged in negotiations with SBC concerning
this and other pricing matters. WilTel will also have to make assumptions
concerning its ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers,
reduce expenses and participate in potential consolidation opportunities as part
of the analysis. The Company is not currently able to determine whether the
carrying amounts of WilTel's long-lived assets are impaired.

                                       41

<PAGE>

       Acquisition of WilTel - In connection with accounting for the acquisition
of WilTel, significant judgments and estimates were made to determine the fair
values of certain liabilities, including liabilities for net unfavorable
long-term commitments and deferred revenue, many of which required the Company
to make assumptions about the future. To determine the fair value of deferred
revenue, the Company had to assess transactions having limited activity in the
current telecommunications market environment. The Company considered market
indicators related to pricing, pricing for comparable transactions, as well as
the legal obligation of WilTel to provide future services. The Company also
assumed WilTel would continue to perform its contractual obligations through the
term of its contracts. Revenue is recognized on these contracts as services are
performed, typically on a straight-line basis over the remaining length of the
contract. In the future, if WilTel settles these obligations or they are
otherwise terminated prior to completion of the performance obligation, the
Company would likely recognize a gain equal to the carrying amount of the
obligation. At December 31, 2004, the amount reflected in the consolidated
balance sheet for deferred revenue was $213,800,000.

       The Company evaluated the fair value of long-term commitments that were
either above or below the current market rates for similar transactions, and the
fair value of telecommunications capacity commitments that are not required
based on WilTel's current operating plans. These commitments primarily consist
of real estate leases and international capacity contracts. In order to
determine the fair values of these agreements, the Company made significant
assumptions concerning future market prices, future capacity utilization, the
ability to enter into subleasing arrangements and that the commitments will not
be terminated prior to their expiration dates. The accrued liability is
amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the commitments. Results of
operations in the future would be impacted by any subsequent adjustment to this
liability, which could result from negotiating a termination or reduction of its
contractual obligation with contract counter-parties or sublease activity that
is different from the Company's original assumptions. At December 31, 2004, the
amount reflected in the consolidated balance sheet for unfavorable long-term
commitments was $44,900,000.

       Telecommunications Revenue Recognition - Capacity, transmission, video
services and other telecommunications services revenues are recognized monthly
as the services are provided or revenues are earned. If at the time services are
rendered, collection is not reasonably assured either due to credit risk, the
potential for billing disputes or other reasons, revenue is not recognized until
such contingencies are resolved.

       WilTel estimates the amount of services which should not be recognized as
revenue at the time the service is rendered based on its collection experience
for each type of service. Certain of WilTel's customers represent such a high
credit risk due to their difficult financial position that revenue is not
recognized until cash is received. In addition, WilTel knows from past
experience that a certain percentage of its billings will be disputed and uses
that experience to estimate the amount of expected disputes and defers
recognition of revenue at the time the service is provided. Revenues that have
not been recognized at the time service is provided are subsequently recognized
as revenue when the amounts are collected.

         Accruals for Access Costs - WilTel's access costs primarily include
variable charges paid to vendors to originate and/or terminate switched voice
traffic, which are based on actual usage at negotiated or regulated contract
rates, and fixed charges for leased lines for dedicated facilities. At the end
of each reporting period, WilTel's estimated accrual for incurred but not yet
billed costs is based on internal usage reports. The accrual is subsequently
reconciled to actual invoices as they are received, which is a process that can
take several months to complete. This process includes an invoice validation
procedure that normally identifies errors and inaccuracies in rate and/or volume
components of the invoices resulting in numerous invoice disputes. It is
WilTel's policy to adjust the accrual for the probable amount it believes will
ultimately be paid on disputed invoices, a determination which requires
significant estimation and judgment. Due to the number of different negotiated
and regulated rates, constantly changing traffic patterns, uncertainty in the
ultimate resolution of disputes, the period of time required to complete the
reconciliation and delays in invoicing by access vendors, changes in these
estimates should be expected.

                                       42

<PAGE>

       Contingencies - The Company accrues for contingent losses when the
contingent loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
As of December 31, 2004, the Company's consolidated balance sheet includes
litigation reserves of $21,500,000, all of which relate to WilTel litigation.
Estimating the ultimate outcome of litigation matters is inherently uncertain,
in particular because the ultimate outcome will rest on events and decisions of
others that may not be within the power of the Company to control. The Company
does not believe that any of these matters will have a material adverse effect
on its consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or
liquidity. However, if the amounts ultimately paid at the resolution of a
litigation matter are significantly different than the Company's recorded
reserve amount, the difference could be material to the Company's consolidated
results of operations and, with respect to WilTel, settlement amounts are likely
to be material to its liquidity.


Results of Operations

Telecommunications

       The following table reconciles WilTel's segment profit from operations to
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes for the year ended
December 31, 2004 and for the period from November 6, 2003 (when WilTel became a
consolidated subsidiary) through December 31, 2003. Prior to November 6, 2003,
the Company accounted for its 47.4% share of WilTel's results under the equity
method of accounting. Audited financial statements of WilTel for the period from
January 1, 2003 to November 5, 2003 are filed as financial statement schedules
to this Report. For WilTel's segments, segment profit from operations is the
primary performance measure of segment operating results and profitability.
WilTel defines segment profit from operations as income before income taxes,
interest expense, investment income, depreciation and amortization expense and
other non-operating income and expense.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   For the year                              November 6, 2003
                                             ended December 31, 2004                     through December 31, 2003
                                    ----------------------------------------      ---------------------------------------

                                      Network         Vyvx       Total WilTel      Network         Vyvx       Total WilTel
                                      -------         ----       ------------      -------         ----       ------------
                                                                       (In thousands)
<S>                                       <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>

Operating revenues (1)              $ 1,462,400     $ 120,500    $  1,582,900    $ 211,300       $  20,600      $231,900
                                    ===========     =========    ============    =========       =========      ========
Segment profit from
   operations                       $   117,800     $  30,300    $    148,100    $  13,300       $   4,100      $ 17,400
Depreciation and
   amortization expense                (197,400)       (9,100)       (206,500)     (37,200)         (2,000)      (39,200)
Interest expense, net of
   investment income (2)                (26,000)       (2,100)        (28,100)      (4,000)           (100)       (4,100)
Other non-operating
   income, net (2)                       27,200         2,700          29,900        1,800             500         2,300
                                    -----------     ---------    ------------    ---------       ---------      --------

Pre-tax income (loss)               $   (78,400)    $  21,800    $    (56,600)   $ (26,100)      $   2,500      $(23,600)
                                    ===========     =========    ============    =========       =========      ========

</TABLE>

(1)  Excludes intersegment revenues from amounts billed by Network to Vyvx of
     $18,400,000 and $4,300,000, respectively, for 2004 and for the 2003 period.
(2)  If items in these categories can not be directly attributed to a particular
     WilTel segment, they are allocated to each segment based upon a formula
     that considers each segment's revenues, property and equipment and
     headcount.

       Network's revenues include services provided to SBC of $1,032,800,000 and
$141,700,000 for the 2004 and 2003 periods, respectively, representing
approximately 70% and 66%, respectively, of Network's operating revenues.
Network's revenues from SBC have continued to grow throughout 2003 and 2004,
principally related to voice products, for which SBC and WilTel have agreed to
use a fixed price through April 1, 2005. The growth in voice revenue resulted
from, in part, SBC's continued growth in long distance services in various
states, including California, Michigan, Indiana, Ohio, Illinois and Wisconsin.
Revenues attributable to other RBOCs were approximately 6% and 5% of Network's
operating revenues for the 2004 and 2003 periods, respectively. Revenues and
gross margins for non-SBC related business continue to reflect the excess
telecommunications capacity in the marketplace, which has resulted in lower
prices for WilTel and others in the industry, and created a very competitive
environment for acquiring new business. In 2004, WilTel's Network segment began
to sell into the enterprise business market, although revenues have not been
material to date.

                                       43
<PAGE>

       As discussed above, SBC's announcement to migrate its business from
Network to the AT&T network is expected to have a significant impact on WilTel's
future revenues and profitability. SBC indicated that it expects to close its
acquisition of AT&T in the first half of 2006. WilTel expects it will take
anywhere from two to three years from now for SBC to migrate all of its traffic
off of WilTel's network, and anticipates that it will continue to provide some
level of service to SBC into 2007. WilTel expects it will evaluate and implement
cost reduction strategies, investigate sales of assets and minimize capital
expenditure outlays to help offset the loss of SBC's business. However, given
the current economic condition of the telecommunications industry as a whole,
where telecommunications capacity far exceeds actual demand and the marketplace
is characterized by fierce price competition, and the limited growth of non-SBC
business over the past few years, WilTel does not believe it will be able to
fully replace the revenues and profits generated by the SBC agreements in the
near future, if ever.

       Network's cost of sales has increased in line with revenue growth
throughout 2003 and 2004, and is comprised of variable charges paid to access
vendors to originate and/or terminate switched voice traffic, and fixed charges
for leased facilities and local off-net costs. The price Network pays for these
services has been declining, generally in line with declines experienced by
Network in its pricing of its own services to customers. Network's gross margin
percentage has been adversely affected by a larger mix of voice transport
business, principally resulting from SBC's growth, which has a lower gross
margin as compared to some of Network's other products and services. In
addition, Network cost of sales in 2004 includes a charge of $3,500,000 for
international voice access costs, for which no revenue was recognized. WilTel
entered into a commitment for these access costs in order to provide services
for a specific customer; however, the customer defaulted under its contract, and
WilTel accrued the remaining amount of the commitment, but does not expect to be
able to recover from its customer.

       Network's salaries were $121,000,000 and $16,300,000 for the 2004 and
2003 periods, respectively, and selling, general and other expenses were
$155,500,000 and $24,000,000 for the 2004 and 2003 periods, respectively.
Selling, general and other expenses in 2004 include a reduction of $4,100,000 to
the provision for doubtful accounts, principally due to the collection of
previously reserved accounts receivable which had been in dispute. The provision
for doubtful accounts also includes a charge of $2,700,000 to fully reserve for
another customer's accounts receivable which is not expected to be collected.
Selling, general and other expenses in 2004 include $5,000,000 for estimated
repair costs for WilTel's headquarters building. The need for repair work arose
after the building was damaged in a severe storm. While insurance recovery is
deemed probable for some repairs to the building, the accrual relates to repairs
for which insurance recovery is not assured, as they are necessitated by
underlying design flaws in the building. WilTel will seek to obtain
reimbursement from the responsible parties; however, no recovery has been
accrued. Network's salaries expense and selling, general and other expenses for
2004 reflect lower headcount, higher costs of performance-based compensation,
greater personnel retention costs and greater vendor contract maintenance costs
for the network.

       Vyvx operating revenues were $120,500,000 and $20,600,000 for the 2004
and 2003 periods, respectively. Revenues in 2004 were slightly lower due in part
to fewer hockey game broadcasts due to the National Hockey League labor dispute
and customers switching to lower cost Vyvx products. Although the lower priced
products result in less revenue, the costs to provide these products and related
selling, general and other expenses is also lower, which results in increased
segment profits. Approximately 62% of Vyvx's 2004 operating revenue was derived
from its top 10 customers. Fox and its parent company, The News Corporation
Limited, through their various news, sports and entertainment businesses,
accounted for approximately 18% of Vyvx's 2004 revenues and TimeWarner, Inc.
accounted for 16% of Vyvx's 2004 revenues. These percentages were not
significantly different during the 2003 period. Approximately 65% of Vyvx's 2004
revenues are from the sale of fiber optic and satellite video transport services
and the remaining 35% of revenues are from the sale of advertising distribution
services.

                                       44
<PAGE>

       Vyvx cost of sales reflects the level of revenue and is comprised
primarily of amounts billed by Network to Vyvx for transporting content over the
WilTel network, costs paid to other providers for local access and other off-net
services, transponder expenses and freight and overnight delivery costs. The
Company's consolidated statement of operations includes Vyvx salaries expense of
$18,600,000 and $3,000,000, respectively, and selling, general and other
expenses of $15,900,000 and $3,700,000, respectively, for the 2004 and 2003
periods.

       For 2004, WilTel's other non-operating income includes income of
$18,500,000 related to the settlement of litigation for less than amounts
reserved, income of $6,000,000 related to the sale of an equity security which
had a zero book value, gains of $3,500,000 related to cash and securities
received in excess of the book value of secured claims in customers'
bankruptcies, and income of $2,300,000 related to the reversal of excess
reserves for long-term commitments.

Healthcare Services

       Pre-tax income (loss) of the healthcare services segment was $5,100,000
for the year ended December 31, 2004 and $(2,300,000) for the four month period
from acquisition through December 31, 2003. For the 2004 and 2003 periods,
healthcare services revenues were $257,300,000 and $71,000,000, respectively,
and cost of sales, which primarily consist of salaries and employee benefits,
were $216,300,000 and $61,300,000, respectively.

       Since its acquisition in September 2003, Symphony has been focused on
profitably growing its business and, because of the nature of its business,
attracting and hiring skilled professionals to provide its services. The ability
of Symphony to continue to grow its business depends heavily upon its ability to
attract, develop and retain qualified therapists. There is a current shortage of
qualified therapists industry-wide, and Symphony has open positions to provide
service to new customers, provide additional service offerings for existing
customers and through normal employee turnover. The tight labor market causes
Symphony and others in its industry to hire, at times, independent contractors
to perform required services, which may increase costs and reduce margins, and
can also result in lost revenue opportunities.

       During 2004, Symphony performed an evaluation of its customer base, in
order to identify those customers and markets where Symphony can deliver the
highest level of service and that should be the focus of customer retention
efforts, as well as identifying those customers that should be terminated. In
addition, Symphony has restructured its corporate management and field
operations organization, resulting in a more efficient organization with reduced
costs. Symphony is also seeking to grow its profitable businesses, which
includes expanding its service offerings to existing customers. Symphony may
look for strategic acquisitions to increase its customer base and pool of
professional service providers; however, no assurance can be given that it will
be successful in those efforts.

                                       45
<PAGE>

       Legislative caps on Part B Medicare therapy, which negatively impacted
Symphony's revenues in 2003, have been removed for 2004 and 2005, and the fee
schedule for such services has also been increased by 1.5%. As a result,
Symphony's average quarterly 2004 revenues for these therapy services increased
by approximately 44% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2003, comparing only
those locations that were operating during all periods. Symphony also added new
customers during 2004; however, certain low margin and non-profitable accounts
were cancelled, resulting in a slight decrease in total locations serviced.
During 2004, one customer accounted for approximately 16% of Symphony's
revenues. Symphony's margins for 2004 also reflect higher hourly wages and
benefits paid to attract and retain its therapists, and increased costs to hire
independent contractors as a result of hiring needs for both full-time and
part-time professionals. In order to maintain and improve margins in the
challenging labor market in which Symphony operates, Symphony is focused on
obtaining sufficient pricing for new and renewal business, as well as cost
effective employee retention programs. Pre-tax results for 2004 also reflect
approximately $3,300,000 from the collection of receivables in excess of their
carrying amounts, a decrease in estimated liabilities for employee health
insurance costs and other third party claims of approximately $1,700,000, and a
gain of $1,000,000 from the sale of certain property. In addition, pre-tax
results for 2004 reflect approximately $3,900,000 of costs, principally
severance for Symphony's former chief executive officer and others due to
reorganizing and consolidating certain field operations and closing offices.

       The moratorium on legislative caps for Part B Medicare therapy is
scheduled to expire on December 31, 2005. While there is some congressional
support for an extension of the moratorium, there is also concern regarding the
cost of an extension. Symphony is unable to predict what the ultimate outcome
will be; however, any re-introduction of the legislative caps or other
methodology that reduces fees for Part B Medicare therapy could significantly
reduce Symphony's revenues.

Manufacturing

       Pre-tax income for the manufacturing segment was $7,900,000, $4,400,000
and $3,100,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. Manufacturing revenues were $64,100,000, $53,300,000 and
$50,700,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.
Revenues increased by 20% in 2004 and by 5% in 2003, while they declined by 5%
in 2002 as compared to the prior year.

       Manufacturing revenues in 2004 increased in substantially all of the
division's markets. The Company believes that these increases result from a
variety of factors including an improved economy, new product development and
the acquisition in the first quarter of 2004 of customer receivables and
inventory of a competitor that was exiting certain markets. Although raw
material costs increased significantly in 2004, the division increased selling
prices in most markets, that along with increased sales and production volumes
enabled it to maintain its gross profit margins. The primary raw material in the
division's products is a polypropylene resin, which is a byproduct of the oil
refining process, whose price tends to increase and decrease with the price of
oil. There is relatively little direct labor or other raw material costs in the
division's products. In addition to managing resin purchases, the division also
has initiatives to reduce and/or reuse scrap thereby increasing raw material
utilization.

       As a result, the division's gross profit and gross profit margins
increased in 2004 as compared to 2003. Pre-tax results for 2004 also reflect
greater salaries expense, due to higher bonuses attributable to the division's
improved performance. During 2005, the division will seek to gain additional
cost efficiencies resulting from its acquisition of NSW, principally in
administration and overhead expense and raw material purchasing. In addition,
the division will look to make other strategic acquisitions of smaller entities
that serve the same markets as NSW, primarily those that supply package netting
and filtration products.

       The increase in manufacturing revenues in 2003 primarily resulted from
increases in the construction and consumer products markets of $6,200,000,
although revenues in the carpet padding and agricultural markets declined.
However, gross profit declined, as the increase in the price of resin more than
offset the revenue increase. Pre-tax results improved due to lower salaries and
selling, general and other expenses principally as a result of workforce
reductions and other cost reduction programs, cash received from government
grants and a gain from the sale of a line of business. In addition, the
impairment charge that is discussed below reduced pre-tax results in 2002.

       For the year ended December 31, 2002, the division recorded an impairment
charge of approximately $1,250,000 to write down the book value of certain
production lines that the division did not expect would be utilized over the
next several years. These lines were initially purchased to provide additional
capacity to produce a specific product for a specific customer; however, the
customer discontinued the product in 2001 and the Company determined that the
cost of these lines were no longer recoverable from other business.

                                       46
<PAGE>

Banking and Lending

       As stated previously, the current activities of the banking and lending
segment are concentrated on collecting and servicing its remaining loan
portfolio, maximizing returns on its investment portfolio and discharging
deposit liabilities as they come due. As a result, revenues and expenses for
this segment included in the Company's consolidated statements of operations are
reflective of the continuing decrease in the size of the loan portfolio. In
addition, as described earlier in this Report, during 2004, the Company sold its
subprime automobile and collateralized consumer loan portfolios representing
approximately 97% of its total outstanding loans (net of unearned finance
charges) and certain loan portfolios that had been substantially written-off for
aggregate pre-tax gains of $16,300,000, which is reflected in investment and
other income. Pre-tax income for the banking and lending segment was
$22,000,000, $8,400,000 and $1,900,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002, respectively.

       Finance revenues, which reflect both the level and mix of consumer
instalment loans, decreased in each of the last two years as compared to the
prior period, as average loans outstanding were $57,100,000, $283,000,000 and
$440,800,000 during 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Although finance revenues
decreased in 2004 as compared to 2003, pre-tax results increased due to gains
from the loan portfolios sales, a decline in the provision for loan losses of
$24,700,000, reductions in interest expense of $6,000,000 principally resulting
from reduced customer banking deposits, less interest paid on interest rate
swaps and lower salaries expense and operating costs resulting from the
segment's restructuring efforts. All of these changes reflect the ongoing
reduction in the amount of loan assets under management, including as a result
of the loan portfolios sales.

       Although finance revenues decreased in 2003 as compared to 2002 for the
reasons described above, pre-tax results increased primarily due to a $9,300,000
reduction in interest expense, due to reduced customer banking deposits and
lower interest rates thereon, a decline in the provision for loan losses of
$19,600,000, less interest paid on interest rate swaps and lower salaries
expense and operating costs resulting from the segment's restructuring efforts.
The reduction in the provision for bad debts resulted from the decrease in the
size of the consumer loan portfolios. However, the Company increased its
allowance during the third quarter of 2003 by $4,000,000 as a result of an
increase in delinquency, which shortly followed the outsourcing of loan
collection activities.

       Pre-tax results for the banking and lending segment include income of
$3,100,000 and $3,500,000 for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002,
respectively, resulting from mark-to-market changes on its interest rate swaps.
The Company used interest rate swaps to manage the impact of interest rate
changes on its customer banking deposits; all of the segment's interest rate
swaps matured in 2003. Although the Company believes that these derivative
financial instruments served as economic hedges, they did not meet certain
effectiveness criteria under SFAS 133 and, therefore, were not accounted for as
hedges.

                                       47
<PAGE>

Domestic Real Estate

       Pre-tax income for the domestic real estate segment was $20,700,000,
$18,100,000 and $16,300,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
2002, respectively. Pre-tax results for the domestic real estate segment are
largely dependent upon the performance of the segment's operating properties,
the current status of the Company's real estate development projects and
non-recurring gains or losses recognized when real estate assets are sold. As a
result, the results of operations for this segment in the aggregate for any
particular year are not predictable and do not follow any consistent pattern.

       Revenues and pre-tax results for this segment increased in 2004 as
compared to 2003, primarily due to the sale of 92 lots at the Company's 95-lot
development project in South Walton County, Florida for aggregate sales proceeds
of approximately $50,000,000 for which the Company recognized pre-tax profits of
$15,800,000, net of minority interest. The Company will be required under the
sale agreements to make significant improvements to the property, including
infrastructure and certain amenities, which it expects to complete in 2005. The
Company estimates it will recognize additional pre-tax profit of $10,200,000
related to this project. In addition, revenues during 2004 reflect the sale of
certain unimproved land for cash proceeds of $8,800,000, which resulted in a
pre-tax gain of $7,600,000. Revenues during 2004 also reflect decreased gains
from property sales at the Company's other residential and commercial project in
the Florida panhandle as the lots have largely been sold, and less amortization
of deferred gains from sales of real estate in prior years. Pre-tax results for
2004 also reflect due diligence expenses for a real estate development project
that the Company decided not to develop.

       Revenues and pre-tax results from domestic real estate increased in 2003
as compared to 2002, primarily as a result of improved operating performance at
the Company's Hawaiian hotel. Gains recognized from sales of real estate during
2003 declined by $8,300,000, principally due to the gains on sale of real estate
of CDS prior to its sale in 2002. During 2003, the Company also recognized
$11,100,000 of deferred gains from sales of real estate in prior years.

       During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company sold one of its real
estate subsidiaries, CDS, to HomeFed for a purchase price of $25,000,000,
consisting of $1,000,000 in cash and 2,474,226 shares of HomeFed's common stock,
which represented approximately 30% of the outstanding HomeFed stock. CDS's
principal asset is the master-planned community located in San Diego County,
California known as San Elijo Hills, for which HomeFed has served as the
development manager since 1998. Prior to the sale to HomeFed, the Company
recognized pre-tax gains of $7,800,000 from sales of residential sites at San
Elijo Hills during 2002.

Corporate and Other Operations

       Investment and other income increased in 2004 as compared to 2003
primarily due to the pre-tax gain from the sale of two of the Company's older
corporate aircraft, discussed above, greater dividend and interest income of
$12,400,000 and miscellaneous other income. Available corporate cash is
generally invested on a short-term basis until such time as investment
opportunities require an expenditure of funds. Investment and other income for
2003 included $5,300,000 of income related to a refund of foreign taxes not
based on income.

                                       48
<PAGE>

       Investment and other income declined in 2003 as compared to 2002,
principally as a result of a non-recurring gain of $14,300,000 recognized in
2002 from the sale of the Company's thoroughbred racetrack business. Corporate
investment income also declined as a result of lower interest rates in 2003 and
foreign exchange gains recorded in 2002. During 2003, income related to
accounting for the market values of Corporate's derivative financial instruments
increased by $5,600,000, and the Company also recorded $5,300,000 of income
related to a refund of foreign taxes not based on income. In addition, revenues
from the Company's gas operations increased in 2003 principally due to increased
production and prices.

       Net securities gains (losses) for Corporate and Other Operations
aggregated $136,100,000, $10,600,000 and $(31,300,000) for the years ended
December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. During 2004, substantially all
of the Company's net securities gains reflect realized gains from the sale of
publicly traded debt and equity securities that had been classified as Corporate
available for sale securities. Net securities gains (losses) for 2004, 2003 and
2002 include provisions of $4,600,000, $6,500,000 and $37,100,000, respectively,
to write down the Company's investments in certain available for sale securities
and an investment in a non-public security in 2003 and an equity investment in a
non-public fund in 2002. The write down of the securities resulted from a
decline in market value determined to be other than temporary.

       The Company's decision to sell securities and realize security gains or
losses is generally based on its evaluation of an individual security's value at
the time and the prospect for changes in its value in the future. The decision
can also be influenced by the status of the Company's tax attributes but in
recent years has not been influenced by liquidity needs. Therefore, the timing
of realized security gains or losses is not predictable and does not follow any
pattern from year to year.

       The increase in interest expense during 2004 as compared to 2003
primarily reflects interest expense relating to the $375,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of the 7% Senior Notes issued during 2003 and 2004, the
issuance of $350,000,000 principal amount of its 3 3/4% Convertible Senior
Subordinated Notes in 2004 and dividends accrued on its trust issued preferred
securities, which commencing July 1, 2003 are classified as interest expense
(shown as minority interest in prior periods) as a result of the implementation
of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 150. The increase in interest
expense during 2003 as compared to 2002 principally results from the issuance of
$275,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 7% Senior Notes that were issued
in 2003 and dividends accrued on its trust issued preferred securities.

       The increase in selling, general and other expenses of $19,700,000 in
2004 as compared to 2003 primarily reflects greater professional and other fees
of $8,500,000, which largely relate to due diligence expenses for potential
investments, greater professional fees for existing investments and fees
relating to the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and $3,600,000
of expenses related to the proposed public offering of MK Resources' equity that
did not go forward due to unfavorable market conditions. In addition, the
increase reflects greater employee benefit expenses, higher insurance costs and
greater amortization of debt issuance costs related to the 7% Senior Notes and
3 3/4% Convertible Notes.

         Selling, general and other expenses also include additions to cost of
goods sold of the winery operations of $3,900,000, $4,300,000 and $2,100,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. The winery
operations, which account for inventory under the LIFO method of accounting,
recorded adjustments to cost of goods sold based upon the results of its annual
harvest. The additional expenses recorded in each of the last three years were
due primarily to a lower yield than had been previously estimated.

       The income tax provision reflects the reversal of tax reserves
aggregating $27,300,000, $24,400,000 and $120,000,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively, as a result of the favorable
resolution of various state and federal income tax contingencies. In addition,
in 2004 the tax provision reflects a benefit to record a federal income tax
carryback refund of $3,900,000.

                                       49
<PAGE>

       In 2003, the Company established a valuation allowance that fully
reserved for all of WilTel's net deferred tax assets, reduced by an amount equal
to the Company's current and deferred federal income tax liabilities as of the
date of acquisition. The Company needs the valuation allowance because, on a pro
forma combined basis, the Company is not able to demonstrate that it is more
likely than not that it will be able to realize the deferred tax asset.
Subsequent to the acquisition of WilTel, any benefit realized from WilTel's
deferred tax asset reduces the valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset;
however, that reduction is first applied to reduce the carrying amount of the
acquired non-current intangible assets of WilTel rather than reduce the income
tax provision of any component of total comprehensive income.

       As a result, the various components of comprehensive income include an
aggregate federal income tax provision of $22,300,000 in 2004 and $22,500,000 in
2003 (for the period subsequent to the acquisition of WilTel), even though no
federal income tax for those periods was due. During 2004, the effect of
recording this tax provision and the resulting reduction to the valuation
allowance was to reduce the carrying amount of the acquired non-current
intangible assets to zero. Income tax expense for 2003 also includes the
Company's actual income tax expense for the period prior to the acquisition of
WilTel.

       Now that the non-current intangible assets have been reduced to zero, the
Company does not expect it will reflect a net federal income tax expense or
benefit for total comprehensive income in the aggregate until such time as the
Company is able to reduce its valuation allowance and recognize a net deferred
tax asset. Each component of other comprehensive income may reflect either a
federal income tax provision or benefit in future periods, depending upon the
relative amounts of each component; however, in the aggregate for all components
the Company does not expect to report any net federal income tax expense or
benefit for the foreseeable future.

Associated Companies

       Equity in income of associated companies includes the following for the
years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                    2004                  2003                 2002
                                                    ----                  ----                 ----
<S>                                                  <C>                     <C>                  <C>

Berkadia                                        $      800              $   79,200          $   65,600
WilTel                                                 --                  (52,100)            (13,400)
Olympus                                              9,700                  40,400              24,100
EagleRock                                           29,400                  49,900              (4,500)
HomeFed                                             10,000                  16,200                 400
JPOF II                                             16,200                  14,800              15,200
Pershing Square, L.P.                               21,300                    --                  --
Other                                                4,100                  (1,400)              4,000
                                                ----------              ----------          ----------
    Pre-tax                                         91,500                 147,000              91,400
Income tax expense                                 (15,000)                (70,100)            (36,700)
                                                ----------              ----------          ----------
Equity in income, net of taxes                  $   76,500              $   76,900          $   54,700
                                                ==========              ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

       Since the Berkadia loan was fully repaid during the first quarter of
2004, the Company will no longer have any income related to the Berkadia loan in
the future. The Company's income from this investment is expected to be limited
to its share of the annual management fee received from FINOVA while such fee
remains in effect, which is $4,000,000. The Company has received total net cash
proceeds of $91,200,000 from this investment since 2001, including the
commitment and financing fees, management fees and interest payments related to
its share of the Berkadia loan.

       The Company's investment in Olympus was made in December 2001, when
Olympus commenced its operations as a newly formed Bermuda reinsurance company
primarily engaged in the property excess, marine and aviation reinsurance
business. The decline in the Company's share of its earnings in 2004 as compared
to 2003 reflects the impact of property damage claims caused by severe
hurricanes. The Company's share of its earnings increased in 2003 as compared to
the prior year, reflecting the growth in Olympus' premium revenues during its
second year of operation. As a result of redemptions of other investors' equity
interests in the first half of 2004, the Company's percentage interest in
Olympus increased from approximately 16% to 19%.

                                       50
<PAGE>

       The equity in income (losses) of EagleRock results from both realized and
changes in unrealized gains (losses) in its portfolio. In 2004, $3,700,000 was
distributed by the partnership to the Company.

       In January 2004, the Company invested $50,000,000 in Pershing Square,
L.P. ("Pershing"), a limited partnership that is authorized to engage in a
variety of investing activities. The Company redeemed its interest as of
December 31, 2004, and the total amount due from Pershing of $71,300,000 (which
was paid during the first quarter of 2005) is included in trade, notes and other
receivables, net in the Company's consolidated balance sheet.

       As more fully described above, the Company acquired its investment in
HomeFed in the fourth quarter of 2002. During 2004, HomeFed reported lower
earnings from sales of real estate as compared to the prior year principally at
the San Elijo Hills project.

       As discussed above, WilTel became a consolidated subsidiary in November
2003 and the Company ceased applying the equity method of accounting at that
time. For 2003, the Company's share of WilTel's results of operations included
income from the recognition of non-operating settlement gains related to the
termination of various agreements that released WilTel from previously accrued
obligations, recoveries of previously written off receivables and a gain on the
sale of a subsidiary. The Company's share of these gains was approximately
$31,200,000. The Company did not record a deferred tax benefit for its share of
WilTel's losses while applying the equity method as its ability to use the
capital loss to reduce the tax due on capital gains in the future is uncertain.

Discontinued Operations

       Wireless Messaging

       In December 2002, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase
certain debt and equity securities of WebLink Wireless, Inc. ("WebLink"), for an
aggregate purchase price of $19,000,000. WebLink operated in the wireless
messaging industry, providing wireless data services and traditional paging
services. In the fourth quarter of 2003, WebLink sold substantially all of its
operating assets to Metrocall, Inc. for 500,000 shares of common stock of
Metrocall, Inc's parent, Metrocall Holdings, Inc. ("Metrocall"), an immediately
exercisable warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock of Metrocall at
$40 per share, and a warrant to purchase up to 100,000 additional shares of
Metrocall common stock at $40 per share, subject to certain vesting criteria.
Based upon the market price of the Metrocall stock received and the fair value
of the warrants received as of the date of sale, the Company reported a pre-tax
gain on disposal of discontinued operations of $11,500,000. The vesting criteria
for the remaining warrants were satisfied during 2004, and the Company recorded
$2,200,000 as gain on disposal of discontinued operations (net of minority
interest), which represented the estimated fair value of the warrants. Due to
WebLink's large net operating loss carryforwards, these gains were not reduced
for any federal income tax expense.

       During the fourth quarter of 2004, WebLink exercised all of its warrants
and subsequently tendered all of its Metrocall shares as part of a merger
agreement between Metrocall and Arch Wireless, Inc. WebLink received cash of
$19,900,000 and 675,607 common shares of the new parent company (USA Mobility,
Inc., which had a fair market value of $25,000,000 when received), resulting in
a pre-tax gain of $15,800,000 that is included in net securities gains of
continuing operations. The Company's investment in the shares of USA Mobility at
December 31, 2004 are classified as a non-current investment.

       In return for the Company's $19,000,000 investment in WebLink, the
Company has received cash and securities aggregating $48,400,000, based on the
market price of USA Mobility as of December 31, 2004. Such amount has been
reduced for the minority interest and liabilities of WebLink which remain to be
paid.

                                       51
<PAGE>

       Foreign Real Estate

       In 2002, the Company sold its interest in Fidei to an unrelated third
party for total proceeds of 70,400,000 Euros ($66,200,000), which resulted in an
after tax gain on the sale reflected in results of operations of $4,500,000 (net
of income tax expense of $2,400,000) for the year ended December 31, 2002, and
an increase to shareholders' equity of $12,100,000 as of December 31, 2002. The
Euro denominated sale proceeds were not converted into U.S. dollars immediately
upon receipt. The Company entered into a participating currency derivative,
which expired later in 2002. Upon expiration, net of the premium paid to
purchase the contract, the Company received $67,900,000 in exchange for
70,000,000 Euros and recognized a foreign exchange gain of $2,000,000, which is
included in investment and other income for the year ended December 31, 2002.

       Domestic Real Estate

       In the fourth quarter of 2004, the Company sold a commercial real estate
property and classified it as a discontinued operation. During the second
quarter of 2004, the Company recorded a non-cash charge of $7,100,000 to reduce
the carrying amount of this property to its estimated fair value. The Company
recorded an additional pre-tax loss from the sale of $600,000, principally
relating to mortgage prepayment penalties incurred upon satisfaction of the
property's mortgage at closing. Operating results for this property were not
material in prior years.

       Other Operations

       In the fourth quarter of 2004, the Company sold its geothermal power
generation business for $14,800,000, net of closing costs, and recognized a
pre-tax gain of $200,000. For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002,
the Company recorded pre-tax losses from discontinued operations relating to
this business of $1,500,000, $2,300,000 and $2,800,000, respectively.


Recently Issued Accounting Standards

       In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 151, "Inventory Costs--An
Amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4" ("SFAS 151"), which is effective for fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2005. SFAS 151 amends the guidance in ARB No. 43
to clarify the accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facility expense,
freight, handling costs, and wasted material (spoilage). Among other provisions,
SFAS 151 requires that items such as idle facility expense, excessive spoilage,
double freight, and rehandling costs be recognized as current-period charges
regardless of whether they meet the criterion of "so abnormal" as stated in ARB
No. 43. In addition, SFAS 151 requires that allocation of fixed production
overheads to the costs of conversion be based on the normal capacity of the
production facilities. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS
151 on its consolidated financial statements.

                                       52
<PAGE>

       In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123R, "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R"), which replaces SFAS 123
and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees".
SFAS 123R requires that the cost of all share-based payments to employees,
including grants of employee stock options, be recognized in the financial
statements based on their fair values. That cost will be recognized as an
expense over the vesting period of the award. The pro forma disclosures
previously permitted under SFAS 123 no longer will be an alternative to
financial statement recognition. In addition, the Company will be required to
determine fair value in accordance with SFAS 123R. SFAS 123R is effective for
reporting periods beginning with the first interim or annual period after June
15, 2005, with early adoption encouraged, and requires the application of a
transition methodology for stock options that have not vested as of the date of
adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS 123R on its
consolidated financial statements.

       In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 153, "Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets--An Amendment of APB Opinion
No. 29" ("SFAS 153"), which is effective for fiscal periods beginning after June
15, 2005. SFAS 153 eliminates the exception from fair value measurement for
nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets in paragraph 21(b) of APB
Opinion No. 29, "Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions," and replaces it with
an exception for exchanges that do not have commercial substance. SFAS 153
specifies that a nonmonetary exchange has commercial substance if the future
cash flows of the entity are expected to change significantly as a result of the
exchange. The adoption of SFAS 153 will not have any material effect on the
consolidated financial statements; however, SFAS 153 could impact the accounting
for future transactions, if any, within its scope.

Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking Information


       Statements included in this Report may contain forward-looking
statements. Such statements may relate, but are not limited, to projections of
revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for growth and future
operations, competition and regulation, as well as assumptions relating to the
foregoing. Such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe-harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

       Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted or quantified. When used in
this Report, the words "estimates", "expects", "anticipates", "believes",
"plans", "intends" and variations of such words and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Future events and actual results could differ materially from
those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying the forward-looking
statements.

       The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those suggested by any of these statements or which may materially and adversely
affect the Company's actual results include, but are not limited to, those
discussed or identified from time to time in the Company's public filings,
including:

       A worsening of general economic and market conditions or increases in
       prevailing interest rate levels, which may result in reduced sales of our
       products and services, lower valuations for our associated companies and
       investments or a negative impact on the credit quality of our assets;

                                       53
<PAGE>

       Changes in foreign and domestic laws, regulations and taxes, which may
       result in higher costs and lower revenue for our businesses, including as
       a result of unfavorable political and diplomatic developments, currency
       fluctuations, changes in governmental policies, expropriation,
       nationalization, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation
       relating to non-U.S. ownership;

       Increased competition and changes in pricing environments, which may
       result in decreasing revenues and/or margins, increased raw materials
       costs for our plastics business, loss of market share or significant
       price erosion;

       Continued instability and uncertainty in the telecommunications industry,
       associated with increased competition, aggressive pricing and
       overcapacity;

       Dependence on key personnel, in particular, our Chairman and President,
       the loss of whom would severely affect our ability to develop and
       implement our business strategy;

       Inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, which would
       make it difficult to conduct the businesses of certain of our
       subsidiaries, including WilTel and Symphony;

       Adverse legal and regulatory developments that may affect particular
       businesses, such as regulatory developments in the telecommunications and
       healthcare industries, or in the environmental area, which could affect
       the Company's real estate development activities and telecommunications
       business, as well as the Company's other operations;

       WilTel's ability to replace the revenues generated by SBC, which if lost
       as a result of SBC's proposed acquisition of AT&T will have a significant
       adverse impact on WilTel's results of operations;

       WilTel's ability to acquire or maintain rights of way necessary for the
       operation of its network, which could require WilTel to find alternate
       routes or increase WilTel's costs to provide services to its customers;

       WilTel's dependence on a small number of suppliers and high-volume
       customers, the loss of any of which could adversely affect WilTel's
       ability to generate operating profits and positive cash flows;

       Changes in telecommunications laws and regulations, which could adversely
       affect WilTel and its customers through, for example, higher costs,
       increased competition and a loss of revenue;

       Adverse regulatory developments impacting Medicare, which could
       materially reduce Symphony's revenues;

       Weather related conditions and significant natural disasters, including
       hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes and hailstorms, which may
       impact our wineries, real estate holdings and reinsurance operations;

       The inability to insure or reinsure certain risks economically, or the
       ability to collect on insurance or reinsurance policies, which could
       result in the Company having to self-insure business risks;

                                       54
<PAGE>

       Changes in U.S. real estate markets and real estate collateral values,
       including the residential market in Southern California and the
       commercial market in Washington D.C., which are sensitive to mortgage
       interest rate levels, and the vacation market in Hawaii;

       Adverse economic, political or environmental developments in Spain, which
       could delay or preclude the issuance of permits necessary to develop the
       Company's copper mineral rights or which could result in increased costs
       of bringing the project to completion and increased costs in financing
       the development of the project;

       The inability to obtain necessary financing for the Las Cruces copper
       mining project, which could delay or prevent completion of the project;

       Decreases in world wide copper prices or weakening of the U.S. dollar
       against the euro, which could adversely affect the commercial viability
       of the Company's mineral rights in Spain;

       WilTel's ability to adapt to technological developments or continued or
       increased pricing competition in the telecommunications industry, which
       could adversely affect WilTel's ability to generate operating profits and
       positive cash flows;

       WilTel's inability to generate operating profits and positive cash flows,
       which could result in a default under WilTel's credit agreement, pursuant
       to which substantially all of its assets are pledged;

       Current and future legal and administrative claims and proceedings
       against WilTel, which may result in increased costs and diversion of
       management's attention;

       Regional or general increases in the cost of living, particularly in the
       regions in which the Company has operations or sells its products or
       services, which may result in lower sales of such products and service;
       and

       Risks associated with future acquisitions and investments, including
       changes in the composition of the Company's assets and liabilities
       through such acquisitions, diversion of management's attention from
       normal daily operations of the business and insufficient revenues to
       offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions.


       This list of factors that may affect future performance and the accuracy
of forward-looking statements is illustrative, but is not intended to be
exhaustive. Therefore, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with
the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Undue reliance should not be
placed on these forward-looking statements, which are applicable only as of the
date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update these
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after
the date of this Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

                                       55

<PAGE>

       Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
       -------   ----------------------------------------------------------

       The following includes "forward-looking statements" that involve risk and
uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements.

       The Company's market risk arises principally from interest rate risk
related to its investment portfolio, its borrowing activities and the banking
and lending activities of certain subsidiaries.

       The Company's investment portfolio is primarily classified as available
for sale, and consequently, is recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with
unrealized gains and losses reflected in shareholders' equity. Included in the
Company's available for sale investment portfolio are fixed income securities,
which comprised approximately 69% of the Company's total investment portfolio at
December 31, 2004. These fixed income securities are primarily rated "investment
grade" or are U.S. governmental agency issued or guaranteed obligations. The
estimated weighted average remaining life of these fixed income securities was
approximately 1.1 years at December 31, 2004. The Company's fixed income
securities, like all fixed income instruments, are subject to interest rate risk
and will fall in value if market interest rates increase. The Company's
investment portfolio also includes its investment in WMIG, carried at its
aggregate market value of $242,300,000. This investment is approximately 13% of
the Company's total investment portfolio, and its value is subject to change if
the market value of the WMIG stock rises or falls. At December 31, 2003, fixed
income securities comprised approximately 70% of the Company's total investment
portfolio and had an estimated weighted average remaining life of 2.0 years. At
December 31, 2004 and 2003, the Company's portfolio of trading securities was
not material.

       The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its long-term fixed
interest rate debt. Generally, the fair market value of debt securities with a
fixed interest rate will increase as interest rates fall, and the fair market
value will decrease as interest rates rise.

         As previously discussed in this Report, the Company's banking and
lending operations stopped originating all loans in 2003, and in 2004, sold the
vast majority of its outstanding loans. Cash generated from the collections on
and sales of its loan portfolios were used to retire customer deposits as they
matured. The Company's banking and lending operations currently are not
accepting new consumer or brokered deposits. The Company's banking and lending
operations are subject to risk primarily resulting from interest rate
fluctuations in its investment portfolio, which is classified as available for
sale, repurchase agreements and customer deposits. The investment portfolio
primarily consists of investments in mortgage-backed securities for which the
underlying assets are adjustable rate mortgages with a weighted average
repricing of approximately seven months. The Company's banking and lending
operations employ leverage to enhance the investment returns; these fixed rate
borrowings, comprised by the repurchase agreements, have an average term as of
December 31, 2004 of approximately fifteen days. The principal objectives of the
Company's banking and lending asset/liability management activities are to
provide maximum levels of net interest income while maintaining acceptable
levels of interest rate and liquidity risk. The Company utilizes an interest
rate sensitivity model as the primary quantitative tool in measuring the amount
of interest rate risk that is present. The model quantifies the effects of
various interest rate scenarios on the projected net interest margin over the
ensuing twelve-month period.

         The following table provides information about the Company's financial
instruments used for purposes other than trading that are primarily sensitive to
changes in interest rates. For investment securities and debt obligations, the
table presents principal cash flows by expected maturity dates. For the variable
rate notes receivable and variable rate borrowings, the weighted average
interest rates are based on implied forward rates in the yield curve at the
reporting date. For loans, securities and liabilities with contractual
maturities, the table presents contractual principal cash flows adjusted for the
Company's historical experience and prepayments of mortgage-backed securities.
For banking and lending's variable rate products, the weighted average variable
rates are based upon the rates at the reporting date. For money market deposits
that have no contractual maturity, the table presents principal cash flows based
on management's judgment. For interest rate swaps, the table presents notional
amounts by contractual maturity date.

                                       56
<PAGE>


       For additional information, see Notes 6, 11 and 20 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Expected Maturity Date
                                                                   ----------------------
                                    2005         2006         2007         2008         2009      Thereafter      Total   Fair Value
                                    ----         ----         ----         ----         ----      ----------      -----   ----------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                 <C>           <C>            <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>

The Company, Excluding
 Banking and Lending:
Rate Sensitive Assets:
Available for Sale Fixed
 Income Securities:
 U.S. Government                $  870,046    $   8,456      $    --    $   --      $   --      $   --       $  878,502  $  878,502
  Weighted Average
   Interest Rate                     1.75%        2.35%           --        --          --          --
 Other Fixed Maturities:
  Rated Investment Grade        $   21,900    $   6,226      $  2,616   $  1,918    $   --      $   7,610    $   40,270  $   40,270
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    2.16%        6.09%         5.90%      2.63%        --          2.43%
  Rated Less Than Investment
   Grade/Not Rated              $   47,367    $  17,699      $ 77,338   $ 48,535    $  10,921   $   2,505    $  204,365  $  204,365
   Weighted Average Interest
    Rate                             4.58%        8.04%        11.55%      5.86%       11.52%      11.95%

Rate Sensitive Liabilities:
Fixed Interest Rate
  Borrowings                    $   22,256    $  27,057      $  3,525   $ 19,418    $   1,870   $ 983,839    $1,057,965  $1,171,615
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    6.26%        6.31%         7.07%      6.63%        7.44%       6.18%
Variable Interest Rate
  Borrowings                    $   24,640    $  42,330      $ 14,455   $  4,640    $ 117,378   $ 268,992    $  472,435  $  472,435
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    7.21%        7.88%         8.20%      8.60%        8.91%       9.93%

Rate Sensitive Derivative
  Financial Instruments:
  Euro currency swap            $    2,085    $   2,085      $  2,085   $  2,085    $   2,085   $     522    $   10,947  $   (5,800)
   Average Pay Rate                  5.89%        5.89%         5.89%      5.89%        5.89%       5.89%
   Average Receive Rate              7.60%        7.60%         7.60%      7.60%        7.60%       7.60%
  Pay Fixed/Receive Variable
  Interest Rate Swap            $    2,114    $   2,114      $  2,114   $  2,114    $   2,114   $  34,992    $   45,562  $   (2,342)
   Average Pay Rate                  5.01%        5.01%         5.01%      5.01%        5.01%       5.01%
   Average Receive Rate              3.51%        3.92%         4.28%      4.64%        5.00%       5.42%

Off-Balance Sheet Items:
 Unused Lines of Credit         $    --       $    --        $110,000   $   --      $    --     $   --       $  110,000  $  110,000
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    5.01%        5.42%         5.49%       --           --         --

Banking and Lending:
Rate Sensitive Assets:
  Variable Interest Rate
   Securities                   $   31,463    $  28,586      $ 20,139   $ 14,454    $   9,228   $  37,728    $  141,598  $  141,598
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    4.79%        4.97%         4.99%      4.98%        5.00%       4.99%         4.94%
  Fixed Interest Rate Loans     $    1,539    $     278      $    109   $      5    $       1   $    --      $    1,932  $    1,932
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                   16.95%       14.23%        16.16%     18.49%       19.99%        --          16.51%
  Variable Interest Rate
    Loans                       $      496    $     235      $    219   $    208    $     197   $   1,017    $    2,372  $    2,372
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    6.26%        6.68%         6.68%      6.67%        6.67%       6.53%         6.53%

Rate Sensitive Liabilities:
  Money Market Deposits         $    6,836    $    --        $  --      $   --      $    --     $    --      $    6,836  $    6,836
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                     .90%         --           --          --           --          --            .90%
  Time Deposits                 $   11,636    $   2,933      $  3,162   $     24    $    --     $    --      $   17,755  $   18,073
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    5.51%        4.93%         4.60%      1.00%         --          --           5.24%
  Fixed Interest Rate
  Borrowings                    $   21,341    $    --        $   --     $   --      $    --     $    --      $   21,341  $   21,341
   Weighted Average
    Interest Rate                    2.40%         --            --         --           --          --           2.40%

Off-Balance Sheet Items:
 Unused Lines of Credit         $    --       $    --        $   --     $   --      $    --     $  17,000    $   17,000  $   17,000
  Weighted Average
   Interest Rate                     --            --            --         --           --         2.34%         2.34%
</TABLE>
                                       57
<PAGE>

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
- ------   -------------------------------------------

       Financial Statements and supplementary data required by this Item 8 are
set forth at the pages indicated in Item 15(a) below.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure.
- ------   ---------------------------------------------------------------

       Not applicable.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
- -------  -----------------------

         Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
         ------------------------------------------------

         (a) The Company's management evaluated, with the participation of the
Company's principal executive and principal financial officers, the
effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act")), as of December 31, 2004. Based on their
evaluation, the Company's principal executive and principal financial officers
concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of December 31, 2004.

         Changes in internal control over financial reporting
         ----------------------------------------------------

         (b) There has been no change in the Company's internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company's fiscal quarter ended December
31, 2004, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

       Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

o      Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
       accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the
       assets of the Company;

o      Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
       to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
       generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
       expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
       authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and

o      Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
       unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that
       could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

       Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

       The Company's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004. In making
this assessment, the Company's management used the criteria established in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

       Based on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that, as
of December 31, 2004, the Company's internal control over financial reporting
was effective.

       Our management's assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 has been
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.

                                       58
<PAGE>



Item 9B.  Other Information.
- -------   -----------------

       Not applicable.

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
- -------   --------------------------------------------------

       The information to be included under the caption "Election of Directors"
and "Information Concerning the Board and Board Committees" in the Company's
definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act in connection with the 2005 annual meeting of
shareholders of the Company (the "Proxy Statement") is incorporated herein by
reference. In addition, reference is made to Item 10 in Part I of this Report.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.
- -------   ----------------------

       The information to be included under the caption "Executive Compensation"
in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.
- -------   --------------------------------------------------------------

Equity Compensation Plan Information

       The following table summarizes information regarding the Company's equity
compensation plans as of December 31, 2004. All outstanding awards relate to the
Company's common stock.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                         Number of securities
                                                                                          remaining available
                                                                                          for future issuance
                                  Number of securities            Weighted-average           under equity
                                    to be issued upon            exercise price of        compensation plans
                            exercise of outstanding options,    outstanding options,     (excluding securities
                                   warrants and rights          warrants and rights     reflected in column (a))
Plan Category                          (a)                             (b)                       (c)
- -------------              --------------------------------    -------------------       -------------------
<S>                                         <C>                         <C>                        <C>

Equity compensation
  plans approved by
  security holders                         1,277,430                   $32.72                      175,575

Equity compensation
  plans not approved
  by security holders                        --                         --                           --
                                           ---------                   ------                    ---------

Total                                      1,277,430                   $32.72                      175,575
                                           =========                   ======                    =========

</TABLE>

       The information to be included under the caption "Present Beneficial
Ownership of Common Shares" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.
- -------   ----------------------------------------------

       The information to be included under the caption "Executive Compensation
- - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference.


Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
- --------  --------------------------------------

       The information to be included under the caption "Principal Accounting
Fees and Services" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.


                                       59
<PAGE>


                                     PART IV

Item 15.      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)(1)(2)     Financial Statements and Schedules.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             <S>                                                                             <C>

              Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.....................................   F-1
              Financial Statements:
               Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2004 and 2003..................................   F-3
               Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
                  2002....................................................................................   F-4
               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
                  2002....................................................................................   F-5
               Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended
                  December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002........................................................   F-7
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.................................................   F-8

              Financial Statement Schedules:

               Schedule  I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant................................   F-55

               Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts............................................   F-60
</TABLE>

      (3)     Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements.  See Item 15(b)
              below for a complete list of Exhibits to this Report.

               1999 Stock Option Plan (filed as Annex A to the Company's Proxy
               Statement dated April 9, 1999 (the "1999 Proxy Statement")).

               Form of Grant Letter for the 1999 Stock Option Plan.

               Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement dated as of June 30,
               2003 among the Company, Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg
               (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 (the "2003
               10-K")).

               Leucadia National Corporation 2003 Senior Executive Annual
               Incentive Bonus Plan (filed as Annex A to the Company's Proxy
               Statement dated April 17, 2003 (the "2003 Proxy Statement")).

               Employment Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and between
               the Company and Ian M. Cumming (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the
               Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
               December 31, 1993 (the "1993 10-K")).

               Amendment, dated as of May 5, 1999, to the Employment Agreement
               made as of December 28, 1993 by and between the Company and Ian
               M. Cumming (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report
               on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 (the
               "2001 10-K")).

               Employment Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and between
               the Company and Joseph S. Steinberg (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to
               the 1993 10-K).

               Amendment, dated as of May 5, 1999, to the Employment Agreement
               made as of December 28, 1993 by and between the Company and
               Joseph S. Steinberg (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the 2001 10-K).

               Deferred Compensation Agreement between the Company and Thomas E.
               Mara dated as of December 20, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the
               2001 10-K).

                                       60
<PAGE>

 (b) Exhibits.

               We will furnish any exhibit upon request made to our Corporate
               Secretary, 315 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10010. We
               charge $.50 per page to cover expenses of copying and mailing.

        3.1     Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 5.1 to
                the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 14, 1993).*

        3.2     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
                dated as of May 14, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the 2003
                10-K).*

        3.3     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
                dated as of December 23, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
                Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                December 31, 2002 (the "2002 10-K")).*

        3.4     Amended and Restated By-laws as amended through March 9, 2004
                (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the 2003 10-K).*

        3.5     Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
                dated as of May 13, 2004.

        4.1     The Company undertakes to furnish the Securities and Exchange
                Commission, upon written request, a copy of all instruments with
                respect to long-term debt not filed herewith.

        10.1    1999 Stock Option Plan (filed as Annex A to the 1999 Proxy
                Statement).*

        10.2    Articles and Agreement of General Partnership, effective as of
                April 15, 1985, of Jordan/Zalaznick Capital Company (filed as
                Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Registration Statement No.
                33-00606).*

        10.3(a) Fiber Lease Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between Williams
                Communications, LLC ("WCL") and Metromedia Fiber National
                Network, Inc. ("MFNN") (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to WilTel's
                Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
                31, 2002 (the "WilTel 10-K")).*

        10.3(b) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Fiber Lease
                Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN and Metromedia
                Fiber Network Services, Inc. ("MFNS") (filed as Exhibit 10.3(b)
                to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal
                year ended December 31, 2003 (the "2003 10-K/A")).*

        10.3(c) Second Amendment, dated February 14, 2003, to Fiber Lease
                Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN and MFNS (filed
                as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel 10-K).*

                                       61
<PAGE>

        10.3(d) Colocation and Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002,
                between WCL and MFNN (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel
                10-K).*

        10.3(e) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Colocation and
                Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN and
                MFNS (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel 10-K).*

        10.3(f) Second Amendment, dated February 14, 2003, to Colocation and
                Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN and
                MFNS (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel 10-K).*

        10.4    Form of Grant Letter for the 1999 Stock Option Plan.

        10.5    Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement dated as of June 30,
                2003 among the Company, Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg
                (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the 2003 10-K).*

        10.6    Form of Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (the
                "Revolving Credit Agreement") dated as of March 11, 2003 between
                the Company, Fleet National Bank as Administrative Agent, The
                Chase Manhattan Bank, as Syndication Agent, and the Banks
                signatory thereto, with Fleet Boston Robertson Stephens, Inc.,
                as Arranger (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly
                Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31,
                2003).*

        10.7    Amendment, dated as of March 31, 2004, to the Revolving Credit
                Agreement.

        10.8    Amendment, dated as of June 29, 2004, to the Revolving Credit
                Agreement.

        10.9    Leucadia National Corporation 2003 Senior Executive Annual
                Incentive Bonus Plan (filed as Annex A to the 2003 Proxy
                Statement).*

        10.10   Employment Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and between
                the Company and Ian M. Cumming (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the
                Company's 1993 10-K).*

        10.11   Amendment, dated as of May 5, 1999, to the Employment Agreement
                made as of December 28, 1993 by and between the Company and Ian
                M. Cumming (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the 2001 10-K).*

        10.12   Employment Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and between
                the Company and Joseph S. Steinberg (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to
                the 1993 10-K).*

        10.13   Amendment, dated as of May 5, 1999, to the Employment Agreement
                made as of December 28, 1993 by and between the Company and
                Joseph S. Steinberg (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the 2001 10-K).*

        10.14   Management Services Agreement dated as of February 26, 2001
                among The FINOVA Group Inc., the Company and Leucadia
                International Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the
                Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                December 31, 2000).*

        10.15   Voting Agreement, dated August 21, 2001, by and among Berkadia
                LLC, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the Company and The FINOVA Group
                Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.J to the Company's Current Report on
                Form 8-K dated August 27, 2001).*

                                       62
<PAGE>

        10.16   Deferred Compensation Agreement between the Company and Thomas
                E. Mara dated as of December 20, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.28 to
                the 2001 10-K).*

        10.17   Settlement Agreement dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among The
                Williams Companies Inc. ("TWC"), Williams Communications Group,
                Inc. ("WCG"), CG Austria, Inc., the official committee of
                unsecured creditors and the Company (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to
                the Current Report on Form 8-K of WCG dated July 31, 2002 (the
                "WCG July 31, 2002 8-K")).*

        10.18   Investment Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among
                the Company, WCG and, for purposes of Section 7.4 only, WCL
                (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

        10.19   First Amendment, made as of September 30, 2002, to the
                Investment Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among
                the Company, WCG and WCL (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Current
                Report on Form 8-K of WCG dated October 24, 2002 (the "WilTel
                October 24, 2002 8-K")).*

        10.20   Second Amendment, made as of October 15, 2002, to the Investment
                Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, as amended on September
                30, 2002, by and among the Company, WCG and WCL (filed as
                Exhibit 99.5 to the WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K).*

        10.21   Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and
                between TWC and the Company (filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the
                Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2002).*

        10.22   Amendment, made as of October 15, 2002, to the Purchase and Sale
                Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among the Company
                and TWC (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the WilTel October 24, 2002
                8-K).*

        10.23   Escrow Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2002, among the
                Company, TWC, WilTel and The Bank of New York, as Escrow Agent
                (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K).*

        10.24   Share Purchase Agreement, dated April 17, 2002 between LUK Fidei
                L.L.C. and Hampton Trust PLC (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the 2002
                10-K).*

        10.25   Reiterative Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 4, 2002, among
                Savits AB Private, Hampton Trust Holding (Europe) SA, John C.
                Jones and Herald Century Consolidated SA (filed as Exhibit 10.38
                to the 2002 10-K).*

        10.26   Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 21, 2003, among the
                Company, Wrangler Acquisition Corp. and WilTel (filed as Exhibit
                2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 22,
                2003).*

        10.27   Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2002, between
                HomeFed Corporation ("HomeFed") and the Company (filed as
                Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of HomeFed dated
                October 22, 2002).*

        10.28   Second Amended and Restated Berkadia LLC Operating Agreement,
                dated December 2, 2002, by and among BH Finance LLC and WMAC
                Investment Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the 2002
                10-K).*

        10.29   Subscription Agreement made and entered into as of December 23,
                2002 by and among the Company and each of the entities named in
                Schedule I thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the 2002 10-K).*

        10.30   Amended and Restated Alliance Agreement between Telefonos de
                Mexico, S.A. de C.V. and Williams Communications, Inc., dated
                May 25, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to WCG's Equity Registration
                Statement, Amendment No. 8, dated September 29, 1999).*
                                       63

<PAGE>

        10.31   Master Alliance Agreement between SBC Communications Inc. and
                Williams Communications, Inc. dated February 8, 1999 (filed as
                Exhibit 10.10 to WCG's Equity Registration Statement, Amendment
                No. 1, dated May 27, 1999).*

        10.32   Transport Services Agreement dated February 8, 1999, between
                Southwestern Bell Communication Services, Inc. and Williams
                Communications, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to WCG's Equity
                Registration Statement, Amendment No. 1, dated May 27, 1999).*

        10.33   Copy of WCG's April 22, 2002, agreement with principal creditor
                group (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to WCG's Current Report on Form 8-K
                dated April 22, 2002 (the "WCG April 22, 2002 8-K")).*

        10.34   Copy of WCG's agreement with TWC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
                WCG April 22, 2002 8-K). *

        10.35   First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of WCG and
                CG Austria, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 1 to the
                Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the WCG July 31,
                2002 8-K).*

        10.36   Real Property Purchase and Sale Agreement among WilTel, Williams
                Headquarters Building Company, Williams Technology Center, LLC,
                WCL, and Williams Aircraft Leasing, LLC, dated July 26, 2002,
                filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 4 to the Settlement
                Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.6 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

        10.37   List of TWC Continuing Contracts, filed with the Bankruptcy
                Court as Exhibit 5 to the Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit
                99.7 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

        10.38   Agreement for the Resolution of Continuing Contract Disputes
                among WCG, WCL and TWC, dated July 26, 2002, filed with the
                Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 6 to the Settlement Agreement (filed
                as Exhibit 99.8 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

        10.39   Tax Cooperation Agreement between WCG and TWC, dated July 26,
                2002, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 7 to the
                Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.9 to the WCG July 31,
                2002 8-K).*

        10.40   Amendment to Trademark License Agreement between WCG and TWC,
                dated July 26, 2002, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit
                to the Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.10 to the WCG
                July 31, 2002 8-K).*

        10.41   Assignment of Rights between Williams Information Services
                Corporation and WCL, dated July 26, 2002, filed with the
                Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 9 to the Settlement Agreement (filed
                as Exhibit 99.11 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

        10.42   Guaranty Indemnification Agreement between WCG and TWC, dated
                July 26, 2002, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 10 to
                the Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.12 to the WCG July
                31, 2002 8-K).*
                                       64
<PAGE>

         10.43    Declaration of Trust, dated as of October 15, 2002, by and
                  among WCG, WilTel and the Residual Trustee (filed as Exhibit
                  99.1 to the WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.44    Amendment No. 1, dated as of October 15, 2002, to the Real
                  Property Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 26,
                  2002, among Williams Headquarters Building Company, WTC, WCL,
                  WCG and Williams Communications Aircraft, LLC (filed as
                  Exhibit 99.15 to the WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.45    Pledge Agreement dated as of October 15, 2002, by CG Austria,
                  Inc., as pledgor, to Williams Headquarters Building Company,
                  as pledgee (filed as Exhibit 10.42 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.46    First Amendment to Master Alliance Agreement between SBC
                  Communications Inc. and Williams Communications, Inc., by and
                  between SBC Communications Inc. and WCL, effective as of
                  September 23, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the WilTel
                  10-K).*

         10.47    First Amendment to Transport Services Agreement among
                  Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc., SBC
                  Operations, Inc. and Williams Communications, Inc., by and
                  among Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc., SBC
                  Operations, Inc. and Williams Communications, Inc., dated
                  September 29, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the WilTel
                  10-K).*

         10.48    Second Amendment to Transport Services Agreement, as amended
                  by Amendment No. 1 dated September 29, 2000, by and among
                  Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc., SBC
                  Operations, Inc. and WCL, effective as of June 25, 2001 (filed
                  as Exhibit 10.45 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.49    Third Amendment to Transport Services Agreement, as amended by
                  Amendment No. 1 dated September 20, 2000, and Amendment No. 2
                  dated June 25, 2001, by and among Southwestern Bell
                  Communications Services Inc., SBC Operations, Inc. and WCL,
                  effective as of September 23, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.46 to
                  the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(a) Fiber Lease Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between
                  Metromedia Fiber Network Services, Inc. ("MFNS") and WCL
                  (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(b) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Fiber Lease
                  Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and WCL (filed
                  as Exhibit 10.55(b) to the 2003 10-K/A).*

         10.50(c) Colocation and Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002,
                  between MFNS and WCL (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel
                  10-K).*

                                       65
<PAGE>

         10.50(d) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Colocation and
                  Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and
                  WCL (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(e) Lease Agreement #2, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and WCL
                  (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(f) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Lease Agreement
                  #2, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and WCL (filed as
                  Exhibit 10.55(f) to the 2003 10-K/A).*

         10.51    Amendment No. 2 to Master Alliance Agreement and Amendment No.
                  4 to Transport Services Agreement, dated December 31, 2003,
                  amending the (a) Master Alliance Agreement, effective as of
                  February 8, 1999, as amended by Amendment No. 1 effective
                  September 23, 2002, by and between WCL, and SBC Communications
                  Inc. and (b) Transport Services Agreement, effective as of
                  February 8, 1999, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of
                  September 29, 2000, Amendment No. 2 and Amendment No. 3 dated
                  as of September 23, 2002 by and among WCL, SBC Operations,
                  Inc., and Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc.
                  (filed as Exhibit 10.56 to the 2003 10-K/A).*

         10.52    Third Amended and Restated Credit And Guaranty Agreement,
                  dated as of September 8, 1999, as amended and restated as of
                  April 25, 2001, as further amended and restated as of October
                  15, 2002, and as further amended and restated as of September
                  24, 2004, among WilTel, WilTel Communications, LLC, certain of
                  its domestic subsidiaries, as loan parties, the several banks
                  and other financial institutions or entities from time to time
                  parties thereto as lenders, Credit Suisse First Boston, acting
                  through its Cayman Islands branch, as administrative agent, as
                  first lien administrative agent and as second lien
                  administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Foothill, LLC, as
                  syndication agent (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 24, 2002 (the
                  "Company's September 24, 2002 8-K")).*

         10.53    Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of
                  April 23, 2001, as amended and restated as of October 15,
                  2002, and as further amended and restated as of September 24,
                  2004, among WilTel, WilTel Communications, LLC, and the
                  additional grantors party thereto in favor of Credit Suisse
                  First Boston, acting through its Cayman Islands branch, as
                  administrative agent, as first lien administrative agent and
                  as second lien administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to
                  the Company's September 24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.54    Exhibit 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization between
                  the Company and TLC Associates, dated February 23, 1989 (filed
                  as Exhibit 3 to Amendment No. 12 to the Schedule 13D dated
                  December 29, 2004 of Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg
                  with respect to the Company).*

         10.55    Letter Agreement, dated February 3, 2005, between the Company
                  and Jefferies & Company, Inc.

                                       66


<PAGE>

         21       Subsidiaries of the registrant.

         23.1     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with respect to the
                  incorporation by reference into the Company's Registration
                  Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (File No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (File No. 33-26434), Form
                  S-8 and S-3 (File No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (File No. 33-61682),
                  Form S-8 (File No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (File No. 333-51494),
                  Form S-3 (File No. 333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-122047).

         23.2     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers, with respect to the
                  inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K the financial
                  statements of Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. and with respect to
                  the incorporation by reference in the Company's Registration
                  Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-122047).

         23.3     Consent of independent auditors from Ernst & Young LLP with
                  respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
                  the financial statements of Berkadia LLC and with respect to
                  the incorporation by reference in the Company's Registration
                  Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-122047).**

         23.4     Consent of independent auditors from Ernst & Young LLP with
                  respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
                  the financial statements of The FINOVA Group Inc. and with
                  respect to the incorporation by reference in the Company's
                  Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8
                  and S-3 (No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form
                  S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8
                  (No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No.333-122047).**

         23.5     Consent of independent auditors from BDO Seidman, LLP
                  with respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form
                  10-K of the financial statements of EagleRock Capital Partners
                  (QP), LP and EagleRock Master Fund, LP and with respect to the
                  incorporation by reference in the Company's Registration
                  Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-122047).

         23.6     Consent of independent auditors from Ernst & Young LLP with
                  respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
                  the financial statements of WilTel Communications Group, Inc.
                  and with respect to the incorporation by reference in the
                  Company's Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303),
                  Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61682), Form S-8 (No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494),
                  Form S-3 (File No. 333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-
                  122047).
                                       67
<PAGE>

         31.1     Certification of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
                  Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                  2002.

         31.2     Certification of President pursuant to Section 302 of the
                  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         31.3     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
                  302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         32.1     Certification of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
                  Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                  2002. ***

         32.2     Certification of President pursuant to Section 906 of the
                  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.***


         32.3     Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to
                  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ***

 (c) Financial statement schedules.

               (1)  Berkadia LLC financial statements as of December 31, 2004
                    and 2003 and for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
                    2002. **

               (2)  Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. consolidated financial statements
                    as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 for the years ended
                    December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.

               (3)  The FINOVA Group Inc. and subsidiaries consolidated
                    financial statements as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and
                    for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.**

               (4)  EagleRock Capital Partners (QP), LP financial statements as
                    of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and for the years ended
                    December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 and EagleRock Master Fund,
                    LP financial statements as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and
                    for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 and for the
                    period from May 1, 2002 (commencement of operations) to
                    December 31, 2002.

               (5)  WilTel Communications Group, Inc. consolidated financial
                    statements as of November 5, 2003 (Successor Company), and
                    for the periods from January 1, 2003 through November 5,
                    2003, and November 1, 2002 through December 31, 2002
                    (Successor Company) and the periods January 1, 2002 through
                    October 31, 2002 (Predecessor Company).


     -----------------------------

*    Incorporated by reference.

**   To be filed by amendment pursuant to Item 3-09(b) of Regulation S-X.

***  Furnished herewith pursuant to item 601(b) (32) of Regulation S-K.

                                       68
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                           LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION


March 14, 2005                             By:  /s/ Barbara L. Lowenthal
                                           -----------------------------
                                                Barbara L. Lowenthal
                                                Vice President and Comptroller

       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated, on the date set forth above.

         Signature                                  Title
         ---------                                  -----


 /s/ Ian M. Cumming                        Chairman of the Board
- -------------------------------------      (Principal Executive Officer)
Ian M. Cumming


 /s/ Joseph S. Steinberg                   President and Director
- -------------------------------------      (Principal Executive Officer)
Joseph S. Steinberg


 /s/ Joseph A. Orlando                     Vice President and Chief
- -------------------------------------      Financial Officer
Joseph A. Orlando                          (Principal Financial Officer)


 /s/ Barbara L. Lowenthal                  Vice President and Comptroller
- -------------------------------------      (Principal Accounting Officer)
Barbara L. Lowenthal


 /s/ Paul M. Dougan                        Director
- -------------------------------------
Paul M. Dougan


 /s/ Lawrence D. Glaubinger                Director
- -------------------------------------
Lawrence D. Glaubinger


/s/ Alan J. Hirschfield                    Director
- -------------------------------------
Alan J. Hirschfield


 /s/ James E. Jordan                       Director
- -------------------------------------
James E. Jordan


/s/ Jeffrey C. Keil                        Director
- -------------------------------------
Jeffrey C. Keil


/s/ Jesse Clyde Nichols, III               Director
 ------------------------------------
Jesse Clyde Nichols, III

                                       69
<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

         3.1      Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 5.1 to
                  the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 14,
                  1993).*

         3.2      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
                  dated as of May 14, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
                  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                  December 31, 2003 (the "2003 10-K")).*

         3.3      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
                  dated as of December 23, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
                  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                  December 31, 2002 (the "2002 10-K")).*

         3.4      Amended and Restated By-laws as amended through March 9, 2004
                  (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the 2003 10-K).*

         3.5      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
                  dated as of May 13, 2004.

         4.1      The Company undertakes to furnish the Securities and Exchange
                  Commission, upon written request, a copy of all instruments
                  with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith.

         10.1     1999 Stock Option Plan (filed as Annex A to the Company's
                  Proxy Statement dated April 9, 1999 (the "1999 Proxy
                  Statement")).*

         10.2     Articles and Agreement of General Partnership, effective as of
                  April 15, 1985, of Jordan/Zalaznick Capital Company (filed as
                  Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Registration Statement No.
                  33-00606).*

         10.3(a)  Fiber Lease Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between Williams
                  Communications, LLC ("WCL") and Metromedia Fiber National
                  Network, Inc. ("MFNN") (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to WilTel's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
                  31, 2002 (the "WilTel 10-K")).*

         10.3(b)  First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Fiber Lease
                  Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN and
                  Metromedia Fiber Network Services, Inc. ("MFNS") (filed as
                  Exhibit 10.3(b) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
                  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 (the "2003
                  10-K/A")).*

         10.3(c)  Second Amendment, dated February 14, 2003, to Fiber Lease
                  Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN and MFNS
                  (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.3(d)  Colocation and Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002,
                  between WCL and MFNN (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel
                  10-K).*

         10.3(e)  First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Colocation and
                  Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN
                  and MFNS (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.3(f)  Second Amendment, dated February 14, 2003, to Colocation and
                  Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, among WCL, MFNN
                  and MFNS (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the WilTel 10-K).*

                                       70
<PAGE>

         10.4     Form of Grant Letter for the 1999 Stock Option Plan.

         10.5     Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement dated as of June
                  30, 2003 among the Company, Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S.
                  Steinberg (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the 2003 10-K).*

         10.6     Form of Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (the
                  "Revolving Credit Agreement") dated as of March 11, 2003
                  between the Company, Fleet National Bank as Administrative
                  Agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, as Syndication Agent, and the
                  Banks signatory thereto, with Fleet Boston Robertson Stephens,
                  Inc., as Arranger (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's
                  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
                  March 31, 2003).*

         10.7     Amendment, dated as of March 31, 2004, to the Revolving Credit
                  Agreement.

         10.8     Amendment, dated as of June 29, 2004, to the Revolving Credit
                  Agreement.

         10.9     Leucadia National Corporation 2003 Senior Executive Annual
                  Incentive Bonus Plan (filed as Annex A to the Company's Proxy
                  Statement dated April 17, 2003).*

         10.10    Employment Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and
                  between the Company and Ian M. Cumming (filed as Exhibit 10.17
                  to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                  year ended December 31, 1993 (the "1993 10-K")).*

         10.11    Amendment, dated as of May 5, 1999, to the Employment
                  Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and between the
                  Company and Ian M. Cumming (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the
                  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                  December 31, 2001 (the "2001 10-K")).*

         10.12    Employment Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and
                  between the Company and Joseph S. Steinberg (filed as Exhibit
                  10.18 to the 1993 10-K).*

         10.13    Amendment, dated as of May 5, 1999, to the Employment
                  Agreement made as of December 28, 1993 by and between the
                  Company and Joseph S. Steinberg (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the
                  2001 10-K).*

         10.14    Management Services Agreement dated as of February 26, 2001
                  among The FINOVA Group Inc., the Company and Leucadia
                  International Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the
                  Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                  December 31, 2000).*

         10.15    Voting Agreement, dated August 21, 2001, by and among Berkadia
                  LLC, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the Company and The FINOVA Group
                  Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.J to the Company's Current Report on
                  Form 8-K dated August 27, 2001).*

         10.16    Deferred Compensation Agreement between the Company and Thomas
                  E. Mara dated as of December 20, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.28
                  to the 2001 10-K).*

                                       71
<PAGE>

         10.17    Settlement Agreement dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among
                  The Williams Companies Inc. ("TWC"), Williams Communications
                  Group, Inc. ("WCG"), CG Austria, Inc., the official committee
                  of unsecured creditors and the Company (filed as Exhibit 99.2
                  to the Current Report on Form 8-K of WCG dated July 31, 2002
                  (the "WCG July 31, 2002 8-K")).*

         10.18    Investment Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among
                  the Company, WCG and, for purposes of Section 7.4 only, WCL
                  (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.19    First Amendment, made as of September 30, 2002, to the
                  Investment Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among
                  the Company, WCG and WCL (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Current
                  Report on Form 8-K of WCG dated October 24, 2002 (the "WilTel
                  October 24, 2002 8-K")).*

         10.20    Second Amendment, made as of October 15, 2002, to the
                  Investment Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, as amended on
                  September 30, 2002, by and among the Company, WCG and WCL
                  (filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.21    Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and
                  between TWC and the Company (filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the
                  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2002).*

         10.22    Amendment, made as of October 15, 2002, to the Purchase and
                  Sale Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2002, by and among the
                  Company and TWC (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the WilTel October
                  24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.23    Escrow Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2002, among the
                  Company, TWC, WilTel and The Bank of New York, as Escrow Agent
                  (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.24    Share Purchase Agreement, dated April 17, 2002 between LUK
                  Fidei L.L.C. and Hampton Trust PLC (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to
                  the 2002 10-K).*

         10.25    Reiterative Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 4, 2002,
                  among Savits AB Private, Hampton Trust Holding (Europe) SA,
                  John C. Jones and Herald Century Consolidated SA (filed as
                  Exhibit 10.38 to the 2002 10-K).*

         10.26    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 21, 2003, among the
                  Company, Wrangler Acquisition Corp. and WilTel (filed as
                  Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                  August 22, 2003).*

         10.27    Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2002,
                  between HomeFed Corporation ("HomeFed") and the Company (filed
                  as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of HomeFed
                  dated October 22, 2002).*

                                       72
<PAGE>

         10.28    Second Amended and Restated Berkadia LLC Operating Agreement,
                  dated December 2, 2002, by and among BH Finance LLC and WMAC
                  Investment Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the 2002
                  10-K).*

         10.29    Subscription Agreement made and entered into as of December
                  23, 2002 by and among the Company and each of the entities
                  named in Schedule I thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the
                  2002 10-K).*

         10.30    Amended and Restated Alliance Agreement between Telefonos de
                  Mexico, S.A. de C.V. and Williams Communications, Inc., dated
                  May 25, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to WCG's Equity
                  Registration Statement, Amendment No. 8, dated September 29,
                  1999).*

         10.31    Master Alliance Agreement between SBC Communications Inc. and
                  Williams Communications, Inc. dated February 8, 1999 (filed as
                  Exhibit 10.10 to WCG's Equity Registration Statement,
                  Amendment No. 1, dated to May 27, 1999).*

         10.32    Transport Services Agreement dated February 8, 1999, between
                  Southwestern Bell Communication Services, Inc. and Williams
                  Communications, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to WCG's Equity
                  Registration Statement, Amendment No. 1, dated May 27, 1999).*

         10.33    Copy of WCG's April 22, 2002, agreement with principal
                  creditor group (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to WCG's Current Report
                  on Form 8-K dated April 22, 2002 (the "WCG April 22, 2002
                  8-K")).*

         10.34    Copy of WCG's agreement with TWC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
                  WCG April 22, 2002 8-K).*

         10.35    First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of WCG
                  and CG Austria, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 1
                  to the Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the WCG
                  July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.36    Real Property Purchase and Sale Agreement among WilTel,
                  Williams Headquarters Building Company, Williams Technology
                  Center, LLC, WCL, and Williams Aircraft Leasing, LLC, dated
                  July 26, 2002, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 4 to
                  the Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.6 to the WCG
                  July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.37    List of TWC Continuing Contracts, filed with the Bankruptcy
                  Court as Exhibit 5 to the Settlement Agreement (filed as
                  Exhibit 99.7 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.38    Agreement for the Resolution of Continuing Contract Disputes
                  among WCG, WCL and TWC, dated July 26, 2002, filed with the
                  Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 6 to the Settlement Agreement
                  (filed as Exhibit 99.8 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.39    Tax Cooperation Agreement between WCG and TWC, dated July 26,
                  2002, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 7 to the
                  Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.9 to the WCG July
                  31, 2002 8-K).*

                                       73
<PAGE>

         10.40    Amendment to Trademark License Agreement between WCG and TWC,
                  dated July 26, 2002, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as
                  Exhibit to the Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.10 to
                  the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.41    Assignment of Rights between Williams Information Services
                  Corporation and WCL, dated July 26, 2002, filed with the
                  Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 9 to the Settlement Agreement
                  (filed as Exhibit 99.11 to the WCG July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.42    Guaranty Indemnification Agreement between WCG and TWC, dated
                  July 26, 2002, filed with the Bankruptcy Court as Exhibit 10
                  to the Settlement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.12 to the WCG
                  July 31, 2002 8-K).*

         10.43    Declaration of Trust, dated as of October 15, 2002, by and
                  among WCG, WilTel and the Residual Trustee (filed as Exhibit
                  99.1 to WilTel's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 24,
                  2002 (the "WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K")).*

         10.44    Amendment No. 1, dated as of October 15, 2002, to the Real
                  Property Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 26,
                  2002, among Williams Headquarters Building Company, WTC, WCL,
                  WCG and Williams Communications Aircraft, LLC (filed as
                  Exhibit 99.15 to the WilTel October 24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.45    Pledge Agreement dated as of October 15, 2002, by CG Austria,
                  Inc., as pledgor, to Williams Headquarters Building Company,
                  as pledgee (filed as Exhibit 10.42 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.46    First Amendment to Master Alliance Agreement between SBC
                  Communications Inc. and Williams Communications, Inc., by and
                  between SBC Communications Inc. and WCL, effective as of
                  September 23, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the WilTel
                  10-K).*

         10.47    First Amendment to Transport Services Agreement among
                  Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc., SBC
                  Operations, Inc. and Williams Communications, Inc., by and
                  among Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc., SBC
                  Operations, Inc. and Williams Communications, Inc., dated
                  September 29, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the WilTel
                  10-K).*

         10.48    Second Amendment to Transport Services Agreement, as amended
                  by Amendment No. 1 dated September 29, 2000, by and among
                  Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc., SBC
                  Operations, Inc. and WCL, effective as of June 25, 2001 (filed
                  as Exhibit 10.45 to the WilTel 10-K).*

                                       74
<PAGE>

         10.49    Third Amendment to Transport Services Agreement, as amended by
                  Amendment No. 1 dated September 20, 2000, and Amendment No. 2
                  dated June 25, 2001, by and among Southwestern Bell
                  Communications Services Inc., SBC Operations, Inc. and WCL,
                  effective as of September 23, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.46 to
                  the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(a) Fiber Lease Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between
                  Metromedia Fiber Network Services, Inc. ("MFNS") and WCL
                  (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(b) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Fiber Lease
                  Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and WCL (filed
                  as Exhibit 10.55(b) to the 2003 10-K/A).*

         10.50(c) Colocation and Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002,
                  between MFNS and WCL (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel
                  10-K).*

         10.50(d) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Colocation and
                  Maintenance Agreement, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and
                  WCL (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(e) Lease Agreement #2, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and WCL
                  (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the WilTel 10-K).*

         10.50(f) First Amendment, dated October 10, 2002, to Lease Agreement
                  #2, dated April 26, 2002, between MFNS and WCL (filed as
                  Exhibit 10.55(f) to the 2003 10-K/A).*

         10.51    Amendment No. 2 to Master Alliance Agreement and Amendment No.
                  4 to Transport Services Agreement, dated December 31, 2003,
                  amending the (a) Master Alliance Agreement, effective as of
                  February 8, 1999, as amended by Amendment No. 1 effective
                  September 23, 2002, by and between WCL, and SBC Communications
                  Inc. and (b) Transport Services Agreement, effective as of
                  February 8, 1999, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of
                  September 29, 2000, Amendment No. 2 and Amendment No. 3 dated
                  as of September 23, 2002 by and among WCL, SBC Operations,
                  Inc., and Southwestern Bell Communications Services Inc.
                  (filed as Exhibit 10.56 to the 2003 10-K/A).*

         10.52    Third Amended and Restated Credit And Guaranty Agreement,
                  dated as of September 8, 1999, as amended and restated as of
                  April 25, 2001, as further amended and restated as of October
                  15, 2002, and as further amended and restated as of September
                  24, 2004, among WilTel, WilTel Communications, LLC, certain of
                  its domestic subsidiaries, as loan parties, the several banks
                  and other financial institutions or entities from time to time
                  parties thereto as lenders, Credit Suisse First Boston, acting
                  through its Cayman Islands branch, as administrative agent, as
                  first lien administrative agent and as second lien
                  administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Foothill, LLC, as
                  syndication agent (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 24, 2002 (the
                  "Company's September 24, 2002 8-K")).*

                                       75
<PAGE>

         10.53    Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of
                  April 23, 2001, as amended and restated as of October 15,
                  2002, and as further amended and restated as of September 24,
                  2004, among WilTel, WilTel Communications, LLC, and the
                  additional grantors party thereto in favor of Credit Suisse
                  First Boston, acting through its Cayman Islands branch, as
                  administrative agent, as first lien administrative agent and
                  as second lien administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to
                  the Company's September 24, 2002 8-K).*

         10.54    Exhibit 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization between
                  the Company and TLC Associates, dated February 23, 1989 (filed
                  as Exhibit 3 to Amendment No. 12 to the Schedule 13D dated
                  December 29, 2004 of Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg
                  with respect to the Company).*

         10.55    Letter Agreement, dated February 3, 2005, between the Company
                  and Jefferies & Company, Inc.

         21       Subsidiaries of the registrant.

         23.1     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with respect to the
                  incorporation by reference into the Company's Registration
                  Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (File No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (File No. 33-26434), Form
                  S-8 and S-3 (File No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (File No. 33-61682),
                  Form S-8 (File No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (File No. 333-51494),
                  Form S-3 (File No. 333-118102) and Form S-3 (File
                  No.333-122047).

         23.2     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers, with respect to the
                  inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K the financial
                  statements of Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. and with respect to
                  the incorporation by reference in the Company's Registration
                  Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No.333-122047).

         23.3     Consent of independent auditors from Ernst & Young LLP with
                  respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
                  the financial statements of Berkadia LLC and with respect to
                  the incorporation by reference in the Company's Registration
                  Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-122047).**

         23.4     Consent of independent auditors from Ernst & Young LLP with
                  respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
                  the financial statements of The FINOVA Group Inc. and with
                  respect to the incorporation by reference in the Company's
                  Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8
                  and S-3 (No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form
                  S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8
                  (No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-122047).**

                                       76
<PAGE>

         23.5     Consent of independent auditors from BDO Seidman, LLP with
                  respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
                  the financial statements of EagleRock Capital Partners (QP),
                  LP and EagleRock Master Fund, LP and with respect to the
                  incorporation by reference in the Company's Registration
                  Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3
                  (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-122047).

         23.6     Consent of independent auditors from Ernst & Young LLP with
                  respect to the inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
                  the financial statements of WilTel Communications Group, Inc.
                  and with respect to the incorporation by reference in the
                  Company's Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 2-84303),
                  Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
                  33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No.
                  33-61682), Form S-8 (No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494),
                  Form S-3 (File No. 333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No.
                  333-122047).

         31.1     Certification of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
                  Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                  2002.

         31.2     Certification of President pursuant to Section 302 of the
                  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         31.3     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
                  302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         32.1     Certification of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
                  Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                  2002.***

         32.2     Certification of President pursuant to Section 906 of the
                  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.***


         32.3     Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to
                  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.***

                                       77
<PAGE>

 (c) Financial statement schedules.

               (1)  Berkadia LLC financial statements as of December 31, 2004
                    and 2003 and for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
                    2002. **

               (2)  Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. consolidated financial statements
                    as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 for the years ended
                    December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.

               (3)  The FINOVA Group Inc. and subsidiaries consolidated
                    financial statements as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and
                    for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.**

               (4)  EagleRock Capital Partners (QP), LP financial statements as
                    of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and for the years ended
                    December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 and EagleRock Master Fund,
                    LP financial statements as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and
                    for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 and for the
                    period from May 1, 2002 (commencement of operations) to
                    December 31, 2002.

               (5)  WilTel Communications Group, Inc. consolidated financial
                    statements as of November 5, 2003 (Successor Company), and
                    for the periods from January 1, 2003 through November 5,
                    2003, and November 1, 2002 through December 31, 2002
                    (Successor Company) and the periods January 1, 2002 through
                    October 31, 2002 (Predecessor Company).


     -----------------------------

*    Incorporated by reference.

**   To be filed by amendment pursuant to Item 3-09(b) of Regulation S-X.

***  Furnished herewith pursuant to item 601(b) (32) of Regulation S-K.




                                       78

<PAGE>
             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
             -------------------------------------------------------



To the Board of Directors and
Shareholders of Leucadia National Corporation:

We have completed an integrated audit of Leucadia National Corporation's 2004
consolidated financial statements and of its internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2004 and audits of its 2003 and 2002 consolidated
financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our opinions, based on our audits,
are presented below.

Consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules
- -------------------------------------------------------------------

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying
index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Leucadia National Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2004 and
2003, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2004 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in
our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index
present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when
read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These
financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits. We
did not audit the financial statements of WilTel for the period from January 1,
2003 through November 5, 2003. For this period, WilTel was accounted for on the
equity method and from January 1, 2003 through November 5, 2003 had a net loss
of approximately $109,000,000, of which the Company's 47.4% share was
approximately $52,000,000. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose
report thereon has been furnished to us, and our opinion expressed herein,
insofar as it relates to the amounts included for WilTel, is based on the report
of other auditors. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit of financial statements includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Internal control over financial reporting
- -----------------------------------------

Also, in our opinion, management's assessment, included in "Management's Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting", in Part II, Item 9A of this
Report, that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2004 based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), is fairly stated, in all
material respects, based on those criteria. Furthermore, in our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2004 based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on management's assessment
and on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit of internal control over
financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. An audit of internal control over financial reporting includes
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other
procedures as we consider necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.


                                      F-1
<PAGE>
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
New York, New York
March 11,  2005



                                      F-2
<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31, 2004 and 2003
(Dollars in thousands, except par value)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             2004                  2003
                                                                                             ----                  ----
<S>                                                                               <C>                    <C>
ASSETS
- ------
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                           $   486,948             $   214,390
   Investments                                                                           1,106,322                 714,363
   Trade, notes and other receivables, net                                                 414,552                 372,104
   Prepaids and other current assets                                                        52,127                  49,506
                                                                                       ------------            ------------
       Total current assets                                                              2,059,949               1,350,363
Non-current investments                                                                    726,782                 673,742
Notes and other receivables, net                                                            16,906                 193,459
Other assets                                                                               203,096                 223,970
Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net                                      1,332,876               1,524,718
Investments in associated companies                                                        460,794                 430,912
                                                                                       ------------            ------------

           Total                                                                       $ 4,800,403             $ 4,397,164
                                                                                       ============            ============

LIABILITIES
- -----------
Current liabilities:
   Trade payables and expense accruals                                                 $   407,350             $   377,473
   Deferred revenue                                                                         52,632                  47,311
   Other current liabilities                                                                94,956                  89,390
   Customer banking deposits due within one year                                            18,472                 103,331
   Debt due within one year                                                                 68,237                  23,956
   Income taxes payable                                                                     17,690                  15,867
                                                                                       ------------            ------------
       Total current liabilities                                                           659,337                 657,328
Long-term deferred revenue                                                                 161,206                 156,582
Other non-current liabilities                                                              213,309                 234,446
Non-current customer banking deposits                                                        6,119                  42,201
Long-term debt                                                                           1,483,504               1,154,878
                                                                                       ------------            ------------
       Total liabilities                                                                 2,523,475               2,245,435
                                                                                       ------------            ------------

Commitments and contingencies

Minority interest                                                                           18,275                  17,568
                                                                                       ------------            ------------

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
- --------------------
Common shares, par value $1 per share, authorized 150,000,000 shares;
   107,600,403 and 106,235,253 shares issued and outstanding, after
   deducting 42,399,597 shares held in treasury                                            107,600                 106,235
Additional paid-in capital                                                                 598,504                 577,863
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                     136,138                 152,251
Retained earnings                                                                        1,416,411               1,297,812
                                                                                       ------------            ------------
       Total shareholders' equity                                                        2,258,653               2,134,161
                                                                                       ------------            ------------

           Total                                                                       $ 4,800,403             $ 4,397,164
                                                                                       ============            ============

</TABLE>

                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    these consolidated financial statements.


                                       F-3
<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   2004            2003           2002
                                                                                   ----            ----           ----
<S>                                                                       <C>             <C>             <C>
REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME:
- --------------------------
   Telecommunications                                                         $ 1,582,948     $   231,930    $     -
   Healthcare                                                                     257,262          71,039          -
   Manufacturing                                                                   64,055          53,327         50,744
   Finance                                                                         10,037          55,091         87,812
   Investment and other income                                                    204,873         127,631        133,667
   Net securities gains (losses)                                                  142,936           9,953        (37,066)
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
                                                                                2,262,111         548,971        235,157
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

EXPENSES:
- ---------
   Cost of sales:
      Telecommunications                                                        1,129,248         167,653          -
      Healthcare                                                                  216,333          61,280          -
      Manufacturing                                                                45,055          38,998         33,963
   Interest                                                                        96,787          43,002         32,975
   Salaries                                                                       187,880          58,394         41,814
   Depreciation and amortization                                                  226,080          57,297         16,253
   Selling, general and other expenses                                            305,443         154,100        149,296
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
                                                                                2,206,826         580,724        274,301
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, minority
     expense of trust preferred securities and equity in income of
     associated companies                                                          55,285         (31,753)       (39,144)
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
Income tax (benefit) provision:
   Current                                                                        (27,434)        (19,692)      (116,027)
   Deferred                                                                         7,242         (23,750)       (28,048)
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
                                                                                  (20,192)        (43,442)      (144,075)
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
   Income from continuing operations before minority expense
      of trust preferred securities and equity in income of
      associated companies                                                         75,477          11,689        104,931
Minority expense of trust preferred securities, net of taxes                         -             (2,761)        (5,521)
Equity in income of associated companies, net of taxes                             76,479          76,947         54,712
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
   Income from continuing operations                                              151,956          85,875        154,122
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes                           (8,269)          3,681          2,989
Gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of taxes                           1,813           7,498          4,512
                                                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

           Net income                                                         $   145,500     $    97,054    $   161,623
                                                                              ============    ============   ============

Basic earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income from continuing operations                                             $   1.42        $    .94       $   1.85
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                                        (.08)            .04            .04
   Gain on disposal of discontinued operations                                        .02             .08            .05
                                                                                 ---------       ---------      ---------
           Net income                                                            $   1.36        $   1.06       $   1.94
                                                                                 =========       =========      =========

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income from continuing operations                                             $   1.40        $    .93       $   1.83
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                                        (.08)            .04            .04
   Gain on disposal of discontinued operations                                        .02             .08            .05
                                                                                 ---------       ---------      ---------
           Net income                                                            $   1.34        $   1.05       $   1.92
                                                                                 =========       =========      =========
</TABLE>

                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    these consolidated financial statements.


                                       F-4
<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           2004              2003            2002
                                                                                           ----              ----            ----
<S>                                                                                 <C>             <C>             <C>
Net cash flows from operating activities:
- -----------------------------------------
Net income                                                                            $   145,500      $    97,054     $   161,623
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for)
  operations:
  Deferred income tax provision (benefit)                                                   7,242          (23,847)        (28,048)
  Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements         232,600           65,723          21,624
  Other amortization                                                                        3,316           (4,624)         (5,427)
  Provision for doubtful accounts                                                          (5,366)          20,098          36,248
  Net securities (gains) losses                                                          (142,936)          (9,953)         37,066
  Equity in income of associated companies, net of taxes                                  (76,479)         (76,947)        (54,712)
  Distributions from associated companies                                                  23,878           25,359          43,807
  Gain on disposal of real estate, property and equipment, loan receivables and
   other assets                                                                           (60,866)         (23,429)        (35,051)
  Gain on disposal of discontinued operations                                              (1,813)          (7,498)         (4,512)
  Investments classified as trading, net                                                  (68,612)          (8,133)         48,990
  Net change in:
   Trade, notes and other receivables                                                      19,578          (18,306)         10,681
   Prepaids and other assets                                                               11,491          (10,687)         (1,021)
   Trade payables and expense accruals                                                     19,654          (10,996)         11,936
   Other liabilities                                                                      (52,250)         (18,931)         (4,243)
   Deferred revenue                                                                         9,945            2,045             -
   Income taxes payable                                                                     1,823          (14,276)       (137,327)
  Other                                                                                     1,732           (3,158)          2,934
  Net change in net assets of discontinued operations                                         -             (3,994)         (5,384)
                                                                                      ------------     ------------    ------------

   Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities                                    68,437          (24,500)         99,184
                                                                                      ------------     ------------    ------------

Net cash flows from investing activities:
- -----------------------------------------
Acquisition of property, equipment and leasehold improvements                             (97,412)         (84,665)        (17,106)
Acquisition of and capital expenditures for real estate investments                       (23,022)         (67,925)        (20,748)
Proceeds from disposals of real estate, property and equipment, and other assets          123,302          111,134         108,146
Investment in WilTel, Symphony and WebLink, net of cash acquired                              -            114,524             -
Proceeds from disposal of discontinued operations, net of expenses                         22,311              -            66,241
Reduction in cash related to sale of subsidiary, net of cash proceeds from sale               -             (4,466)        (18,979)
Advances on loan receivables                                                                  -             (2,981)        (81,650)
Principal collections on loan receivables                                                  41,862          138,259         174,718
Proceeds from sale of loan receivables                                                    157,134              -               -
Advances on notes receivables                                                                (400)          (2,279)         (2,390)
Collections on notes receivables                                                           27,789           14,176           4,373
Investments in associated companies                                                       (69,398)         (22,350)       (375,307)
Capital distributions from associated companies                                             5,632            7,174            -
Purchases of investments (other than short-term)                                       (2,534,404)      (1,655,294)     (1,143,361)
Proceeds from maturities of investments                                                   869,707          555,148         657,487
Proceeds from sales of investments                                                      1,460,181          683,752         548,249
                                                                                      ------------     ------------    ------------

   Net cash used for investing activities                                                 (16,718)        (215,793)       (100,327)
                                                                                     ------------     ------------    ------------

                                                                                                                 (continued)
</TABLE>


                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    these consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-5
<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, continued
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            2004             2003            2002
                                                                                            ----             ----            ----
<S>                                                                                 <C>              <C>             <C>
Net cash flows from financing activities:
- -----------------------------------------
Net change in customer banking deposits                                                 $ (120,516)      $ (245,845)     $  (82,351)
Issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs                                          438,393          304,509           6,145
Reduction of long-term debt                                                                (92,454)          (7,002)        (13,265)
Issuance of convertible preferred shares                                                       -                -            47,507
Issuance of common shares                                                                   22,006            1,293         102,535
Purchase of common shares for treasury                                                         -                (61)           (115)
Dividends paid                                                                             (26,901)         (17,706)        (13,841)
                                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------

   Net cash provided by financing activities                                               220,528           35,188          46,615
                                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash                                                311              895             (94)
                                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------

   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                    272,558         (204,210)         45,378
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1,                                                    214,390          418,600         373,222
                                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------

Cash and cash equivalents at December 31,                                               $  486,948       $  214,390      $  418,600
                                                                                        ===========      ===========     ===========

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
- ------------------------------------------------
Cash paid during the year for:
   Interest                                                                             $   89,707       $   40,856      $   34,681
   Income tax payments (refunds), net                                                   $  (26,024)      $   (5,098)     $   17,314

Non-cash investing activities:
- ------------------------------
Common stock issued for acquisition of WilTel Communications Group, Inc.                $        -       $  422,830       $      -

</TABLE>

                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    these consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-6
<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands, except par value and per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Series A
                                                     Non-Voting     Common                   Accumulated
                                                    Convertible     Shares     Additional      Other
                                                     Preferred      $1 Par      Paid-In     Comprehensive     Retained
                                                        Stock        Value      Capital      Income (Loss)     Earnings     Total
                                                   -------------        -----      -------      -------------     --------     -----


<S>                                            <C>             <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>
BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 2002                           $      -       $  82,977    $ 27,132       $ 14,662     $ 1,070,682  $ 1,195,453
                                                                                                                        ------------
Comprehensive income:
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss)
     on investments, net of taxes of $14,215                                                    26,331                       26,331
   Net change in unrealized foreign exchange
     gain (loss), net of taxes of $1,691                                                        16,375                       16,375
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on
     derivative instruments, net of taxes of $724                                               (1,343)                      (1,343)
   Net income                                                                                                  161,623      161,623
                                                                                                                        ------------
     Comprehensive income                                                                                                   202,986
                                                                                                                        ------------
Issuance of convertible preferred shares                47,507                                                               47,507
Issuance of common shares                                             4,361      97,132                                     101,493
Exercise of options to purchase common shares                            69         973                                       1,042
Purchase of stock for treasury                                           (4)       (111)                                       (115)
Dividends ($.17 per common share)                                                                              (13,841)     (13,841)
                                                   ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------    ------------ ------------

BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2002                              47,507       87,403     125,126         56,025       1,218,464    1,534,525
                                                                                                                        ------------
Comprehensive income:
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss)
     on investments, net of taxes of $55,738                                                   103,776                      103,776
   Net change in unrealized foreign exchange
     gain (loss), net of taxes of $701                                                           7,739                        7,739
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on
     derivative instruments, net of taxes of $888                                               (1,650)                      (1,650)
   Net change in minimum pension liability,
     net of taxes of $7,345                                                                    (13,639)                     (13,639)
   Net income                                                                                                   97,054       97,054
                                                                                                                        ------------
     Comprehensive income                                                                                                   193,280
                                                                                                                        ------------
Issuance of common shares on acquisition of
   WilTel Communications Group, Inc.                                 16,735     406,095                                     422,830
Conversion of convertible preferred shares into
    common shares                                      (47,507)       2,022      45,485                                         -
Exercise of options to purchase common shares                            79       1,214                                       1,293
Purchase of stock for treasury                                           (4)        (57)                                        (61)
Dividends ($.17 per common share)                                                                              (17,706)     (17,706)
                                                   ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------    ------------ ------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2003                                -         106,235     577,863        152,251       1,297,812    2,134,161
                                                                                                                        ------------
Comprehensive income:
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss)
     on investments, net of taxes of $0                                                         (8,592)                      (8,592)
   Net change in unrealized foreign exchange
     gain (loss), net of taxes of $0                                                             6,807                        6,807
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on
     derivative  instruments, net of taxes of $0                                                  (355)                       (355)
   Net change in minimum pension liability, net
     of taxes of $0                                                                            (13,973)                     (13,973)
   Net income                                                                                                  145,500      145,500
                                                                                                                        ------------
     Comprehensive income                                                                                                   129,387
                                                                                                                        ------------
Exercise of warrants to purchase common shares                        1,200      17,960                                      19,160
Exercise of options to purchase common shares                           165       2,681                                       2,846
Dividends ($.25 per common share)                                                                              (26,901)     (26,901)
                                                   ------------ ------------ ------------  ------------    ------------ ------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2004                         $       -    $   107,600  $   598,504   $   136,138     $ 1,416,411  $ 2,258,653
                                                   ============ ============ ============  ============    ============ ============
</TABLE>


                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    these consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-7
<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Nature of Operations:
   --------------------

The Company is a diversified holding company engaged in a variety of businesses,
including telecommunications, healthcare services, manufacturing, banking and
lending, real estate activities, winery operations, and property and casualty
reinsurance, principally in markets in the United States, and development of a
copper mine in Spain. The Company continuously evaluates the retention and
disposition of its existing operations and frequently investigates the
acquisition of new businesses. Changes in the mix of the Company's owned
businesses and investments should be expected.

The Company's telecommunications operations are conducted through WilTel
Communications Group, Inc. ("WilTel"), which owns or leases and operates a
nationwide inter-city fiber-optic network providing Internet, data, voice and
video services to companies that use high-capacity and high-speed
telecommunications in their businesses. WilTel has also built a fiber-optic
network within certain cities in the U.S. and has the ability to connect to
networks outside the U.S. WilTel operates in two segments, Network and Vyvx.

The Company's healthcare services operations primarily provide contract therapy,
long-term care consulting and temporary staffing to skilled nursing facilities,
hospitals, sub-acute care centers, assisted living facilities, schools, and
other healthcare providers. Healthcare services are provided by subsidiaries of
Symphony Health Services, LLC ("Symphony").

The Company's manufacturing operations manufacture and market lightweight
plastic netting used for a variety of purposes including, among other things,
building and construction, erosion control, agriculture, packaging, carpet
padding, filtration and consumer products. In addition to its domestic
operations, the manufacturing segment owns and operates a manufacturing and
sales facility in Belgium.

The Company's banking and lending operations have historically consisted of
making collateralized instalment loans primarily funded by customer banking
deposits to individuals who had difficulty obtaining credit. However, as a
result of increased loss experience and declining profitability, the Company has
ceased originating all loans. The segment's current operating activities are
concentrated on maximizing returns on its investment portfolio, collecting and
servicing its remaining loan portfolio and discharging deposit liabilities as
they come due. The Company's banking and lending subsidiary intends to
ultimately surrender its national bank charter.

The Company's domestic real estate operations include a mixture of commercial
properties, residential land development projects and other unimproved land, all
in various stages of development and all available for sale.

The Company's winery operations consist of two wineries, Pine Ridge Winery in
Napa Valley, California and Archery Summit in the Willamette Valley of Oregon,
which primarily produce and sell wines in the luxury segment of the premium
table wine market. The Company's copper mine development operations consist of
its 72.1% interest in MK Resources Company ("MK Resources") (formerly MK Gold
Company), a public company traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board (Symbol: MKRR).

2. Significant Accounting Policies:
   -------------------------------

(a) Critical Accounting Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
("GAAP") requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts in the financial statements and disclosures of contingent
assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates all of these
estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified as critical
accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a material impact
on the Company's financial statements, and because they are based on assumptions
which are used in the accounting records to reflect, at a specific point in
time, events whose ultimate outcome won't be known until a later date. Actual
results could differ from these estimates.


                                      F-8
<PAGE>
2. Significant Accounting Policies, continued:
   --------------------------------

Income Taxes - The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred
taxes to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Historically,
if the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize its deferred
tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment
would increase income in such period. Similarly, if the Company were to
determine that it would not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred
taxes in the future, an adjustment would be charged to income in such period.
The Company also records reserves for contingent tax liabilities based on the
Company's assessment of the probability of successfully sustaining its tax
filing positions.

Subsequent to the acquisition of all of the outstanding common stock of WilTel,
WilTel became a member of the Company's consolidated tax return. WilTel has
significant net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) and other tax attributes,
some of which are available to offset the future taxable income of other members
of the Company's consolidated federal tax return. The Company established a
valuation allowance that fully reserved for all of WilTel's net deferred tax
assets, reduced by an amount equal to the Company's current and deferred federal
income tax liabilities as of the date of acquisition (see allocation of the
purchase price in Note 3). Before the Company can recognize a net deferred tax
asset, it will need to demonstrate that on a pro forma combined basis with
WilTel it will have had positive cumulative pre-tax income over a period of
years. At that time, any decrease to the valuation allowance will be based
significantly upon the Company's assumptions and projections of its future
income, which are inherently uncertain.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets - The Company evaluates its long-lived assets
for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's
judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. The
determination of whether a long-lived asset (or asset group) is recoverable is
based on management's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to
the asset as compared to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the asset
(or asset group) is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, then the carrying
amount of the asset is considered to be not recoverable. The amount of the
impairment recognized would be determined by estimating the fair value for the
asset (or asset group) and recording a provision for the excess of the carrying
value over the fair value.

As of December 31, 2004, the carrying amount of the Company's investment in the
mineral rights and mining properties of MK Resources was approximately
$85,400,000. The recoverability of this asset is entirely dependent upon the
success of MK Resource's mining project at the Las Cruces copper deposit in the
Pyrite Belt of Spain. Mining will be subject to obtaining required permits,
obtaining both debt and equity financing for the project, engineering and
construction. In addition, the actual price of copper, the operating cost of the
mine and the capital cost (in U.S. dollars) to build the project and bring the
mine into production will affect the recoverability of this asset. The Las
Cruces project has been granted government subsidies of 47.5 million euros
($62,900,000); however, the grants require MK Resources to make certain capital
expenditures by March 27, 2005, a deadline that it will not be able to meet
principally because of delays in obtaining permits. Las Cruces has filed a
request to further extend the deadline, but has been informed that the
government will not act on the extension request prior to the current
expiration.

To date, the Company has been the sole source of funding for the Las Cruces
project. The amount of equity capital and third party financing that can be
obtained for the project and its related cost will be significantly affected by
the assessment of potential investors and lenders of the current and expected
future market price of copper, as well as current market conditions for this
type of investment. During 2004, MK Resources was unsuccessful in raising equity
capital for the project, due to unfavorable market conditions at the time. MK
Resources continues to explore financing possibilities. Based on the current
status of the project, MK Resource's estimate of future cash flows and its
assessment of financing possibilities, the Company believes the carrying amount
of its investment is recoverable. However, if the Company is unable to obtain
the permits required to begin construction of the mine and commence mining
activities, is unable to obtain financing for the project or the capital cost of
the project changes significantly, it is likely that this investment will be
impaired.


                                      F-9
<PAGE>
2. Significant Accounting Policies, continued:
   --------------------------------

As of December 31, 2004, the carrying amount of the Company's investment in its
manufacturing facility located in Belgium was approximately $17,900,000. The
Belgium facility, which became operational in the third quarter of 2001, has not
yet achieved the level of revenues and profitability originally expected by the
Company, primarily due to the segment's loss of a major multi-national customer
and insufficient demand from other customers. During 2004, a new general manager
was hired at the facility to develop and implement marketing and sales
initiatives directed at generating revenue growth. Operating results at the
facility improved during 2004 as sales grew significantly compared to 2003 and
the business achieved positive cash flow. However, new customer acquisitions
must continue in order for the facility to reach profitability. Based on the
current business plan, which includes estimates of revenue growth, the Company
believes that its investment in the Belgium facility is recoverable. However, if
the estimated revenue growth is not achieved, the carrying amount of the
facility is likely to be impaired.

Acquisition of WilTel - In connection with accounting for the acquisition of
WilTel, significant judgments and estimates were made to determine the fair
values of certain liabilities, including liabilities for net unfavorable
long-term commitments and deferred revenue, many of which required the Company
to make assumptions about the future. To determine the fair value of deferred
revenue, the Company had to assess transactions having limited activity in the
current telecommunications market environment. The Company considered market
indicators related to pricing, pricing for comparable transactions, as well as
the legal obligation of the Company to provide future services. The Company also
assumed it would continue to perform its contractual obligations through the
term of its contracts. Revenue is recognized on these contracts as services are
performed, typically on a straight-line basis over the remaining length of the
contract. In the future, if the Company settles these obligations or they are
otherwise terminated prior to completion of the performance obligation, the
Company would likely recognize a gain equal to the carrying amount of the
obligation. At December 31, 2004, the amount reflected in the consolidated
balance sheet for deferred revenue was $213,800,000.

The Company evaluated the fair value of long-term commitments that were either
above or below the current market rates for similar transactions, and the fair
value of telecommunications capacity commitments that are not required based on
WilTel's current operating plans. These commitments primarily consist of real
estate leases and international capacity contracts. In order to determine the
fair values of these agreements, the Company made significant assumptions
concerning future market prices, future capacity utilization, the ability to
enter into subleasing arrangements and that the commitments will not be
terminated prior to their expiration dates. The accrued liability is amortized
on a straight-line basis over the life of the commitments. Results of operations
in the future would be impacted by any subsequent adjustment to this liability,
which could result from negotiating a termination or reduction of its
contractual obligation with contract counter-parties or sublease activity that
is different from the Company's original assumptions. At December 31, 2004, the
balance relating to those unfavorable long-term commitments was $44,900,000.

Telecommunications Revenue Recognition - Capacity, transmission, video services
and other telecommunications services revenues are recognized monthly as the
services are provided or revenues are earned. If at the time services are
rendered, collection is not reasonably assured either due to credit risk, the
potential for billing disputes or other reasons, revenue is not recognized until
such contingencies are resolved.

WilTel estimates the amount of services which should not be recognized as
revenue at the time the service is rendered based on its collection experience
for each type of service. Certain of WilTel's customers represent such a high
credit risk due to their difficult financial position that revenue is not
recognized until cash is received. In addition, WilTel knows from past
experience that a certain percentage of its billings will be disputed and uses
that experience to estimate the amount of expected disputes and defers
recognition of revenue at the time the service is provided. Revenues that have
not been recognized at the time service is provided are subsequently recognized
as revenue when the amounts are collected.


                                      F-10
<PAGE>
2. Significant Accounting Policies, continued:
   --------------------------------

Accruals for Access Costs - WilTel's access costs primarily include variable
charges paid to vendors to originate and/or terminate switched voice traffic,
which are based on actual usage at negotiated or regulated contract rates, and
fixed charges for leased lines for dedicated facilities. At the end of each
reporting period, WilTel's estimated accrual for incurred but not yet billed
costs is based on internal usage reports. The accrual is subsequently reconciled
to actual invoices as they are received, which is a process that can take
several months to complete. This process includes an invoice validation
procedure that normally identifies errors and inaccuracies in rate and/or volume
components of the invoices resulting in numerous invoice disputes. It is
WilTel's policy to adjust the accrual for the probable amount it believes will
ultimately be paid on disputed invoices, a determination which requires
significant estimation and judgment. Due to the number of different negotiated
and regulated rates, constantly changing traffic patterns, uncertainty in the
ultimate resolution of disputes, the period of time required to complete the
reconciliation and delays in invoicing by access vendors, changes in these
estimates should be expected.

Contingencies - The Company accrues for contingent losses when the contingent
loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. As of
December 31, 2004, the Company's consolidated balance sheet includes litigation
reserves of $21,500,000, all of which relate to WilTel litigation. Estimating
the ultimate outcome of litigation matters is inherently uncertain, in
particular because the ultimate outcome will rest on events and decisions of
others that may not be within the power of the Company to control. The Company
does not believe that any of these matters will have a material adverse effect
on its consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or
liquidity. However, if the amounts ultimately paid at the resolution of a
litigation matter are significantly different than the Company's recorded
reserve amount, the difference could be material to the Company's consolidated
results of operations and, with respect to WilTel, settlement amounts are likely
to be material to its liquidity.

(b) Consolidation Policy: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company, all variable interest entities of which the Company or
a subsidiary is the primary beneficiary, and all majority-controlled entities
that are not variable interest entities. All intercompany transactions and
balances are eliminated in consolidation.

Associated companies are investments in equity interests that are accounted for
on the equity method of accounting. These include investments in corporations
that the Company does not control but has the ability to exercise significant
influence and investments in limited partnerships in which the Company's
interest is more than minor.

Certain amounts for prior periods have been reclassified to be consistent with
the 2004 presentation.

(c) Stock Split: On December 31, 2004, a three-for-two stock split was effected
in the form of a 50% stock dividend that was paid to shareholders of record on
December 23, 2004. The financial statements (and notes thereto) give retroactive
effect to the stock split for all periods presented.

(d) Cash Equivalents: The Company considers short-term investments, which have
maturities of less than three months at the time of acquisition, to be cash
equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investments of
$302,900,000 and $79,100,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

(e) Investments: At acquisition, marketable debt and equity securities are
designated as either i) held to maturity, which are carried at amortized cost,
ii) trading, which are carried at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and
losses reflected in results of operations, or iii) available for sale, which are
carried at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected as a
separate component of shareholders' equity, net of taxes.

Held to maturity investments are made with the intention of holding such
securities to maturity, which the Company has the ability to do. Estimated fair
values are principally based on quoted market prices.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>
2. Significant Accounting Policies, continued:
   --------------------------------

Investments with an impairment in value considered to be other than temporary
are written down to estimated fair value. The writedowns are included in Net
securities gains (losses) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The cost
of securities sold is based on average cost.

(f) Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements: Property, equipment and
leasehold improvements are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation and amortization are provided principally on the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets or, if less,
the term of the underlying lease.

(g) Revenue Recognition:

Telecommunications: Capacity, transmission, video services and other
telecommunications services revenues are recognized monthly as the services are
provided or revenues are earned. If at the time services are rendered,
collection is not reasonably assured either due to credit risk, the potential
for billing disputes or other reasons, revenue is not recognized until such
contingencies are resolved. Amounts billed in advance of the service month are
recorded as deferred revenue. Revenues that have been deferred for long-term
telecommunications service contracts are amortized using the straight-line
method over the life of the related contract. The Company classifies as current
the amount of deferred revenue that will be recognized into revenue over the
next twelve months.

Grants of indefeasible rights of use ("IRUs") of constructed but unlit fiber, or
dark fiber, in exchange for cash, are accounted for as operating leases, and the
cash received is recognized as revenue over the term of the IRU. The Company is
obligated under dark fiber IRUs and other capacity agreements to maintain its
network in efficient working order and in accordance with industry standards.
Customers are obligated for the term of the agreement to pay monthly fees for
operating and maintenance costs. The Company recognizes these monthly fees as
revenue as services are provided.

Telecommunications cost of sales include leased capacity, right of way costs,
access charges, other third party circuit costs, satellite transponder lease
costs, and package delivery costs and blank tape media costs related to
advertising distribution services. WilTel does not defer installation costs.

Prior to the Company's acquisition, WilTel had entered into transactions such as
buying, selling, swapping and/or exchanging capacity, conduit and fiber to
complete and compliment its network. Depending upon the terms of the agreement,
certain transactions were accounted for as pure asset swaps with no revenue and
no cost recognition while certain transactions were accounted for as both
revenue and cost over the corresponding length of time for each agreement. If
the exchange was not essentially the culmination of an earning process,
accounting for an exchange of a nonmonetary asset was based on the recorded
amount of the nonmonetary asset relinquished, and therefore no revenue and cost
was recorded. Payments received for the installation of conduit under joint
build construction contracts were generally recorded as a recovery of the
applicable construction costs. Revenues under multiple element contracts were
recognized based on the respective fair values of each individual element within
the multiple element contract. Revenues from conduit and duct sales were
recognized at time of delivery and acceptance and when all significant
contractual obligations have been satisfied and collection is reasonably
assured. While WilTel applied the accounting policies described in this
paragraph to transactions prior to the Company's acquisition of WilTel in 2003,
WilTel has had no material transactions of the type described in this paragraph
subsequent to its acquisition by the Company.

Other: Healthcare revenues are recognized when the services are provided.
Manufacturing revenues are recognized when title passes, which is generally upon
shipment of goods. Revenue from loans made by the banking and lending operations
is recognized over the term of the loan to provide a constant yield on the daily
principal balance outstanding. Revenue from the sale of real estate is generally
recognized when title passes;


                                      F-12
<PAGE>
2. Significant Accounting Policies, continued:
   --------------------------------

however, if the Company is obligated to make improvements to the real estate
subsequent to closing, revenues are deferred and recognized under the percentage
of completion method of accounting.

 (h) Income Taxes: The Company provides for income taxes using the liability
method. The future benefit of certain tax loss carryforwards and future
deductions is recorded as an asset. A valuation allowance is provided if
deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be
realized.

(i) Derivative Financial Instruments: On January 1, 2001, the Company adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities", as amended ("SFAS 133"). Under SFAS 133,
the Company reflects its derivative financial instruments in its balance sheet
at fair value. The Company has utilized derivative financial instruments to
manage the impact of changes in interest rates on its customer banking deposits
and certain debt obligations, hedge net investments in foreign subsidiaries and
manage foreign currency risk on certain available for sale securities. Although
the Company believes that these derivative financial instruments are practical
economic hedges of the Company's risks, except for the hedge of the net
investment in foreign subsidiaries, they do not meet the effectiveness criteria
under SFAS 133, and therefore are not accounted for as hedges.

Amounts recorded as income (charges) to investment and other income as a result
of accounting for its derivative financial instruments in accordance with SFAS
133 were $3,500,000 and $(1,700,000) for the years ended December 31, 2003 and
2002, respectively, and not material for 2004. Net unrealized losses on
derivative instruments were $3,800,000 and $3,400,000 at December 31, 2004 and
2003, respectively.

(j) Translation of Foreign Currency: Foreign currency denominated investments
and financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange
rates, except that revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange
rates during each reporting period; resulting translation adjustments are
reported as a component of shareholders' equity. Net foreign exchange
transaction gains were $2,500,000 for 2002 and not material for 2004 and 2003.
Net unrealized foreign exchange translation gains were $14,300,000 and
$7,500,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

(k) Stock-Based Compensation: Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS 123"), establishes a fair
value method for accounting for stock-based compensation plans, either through
recognition in the statements of operations or disclosure. As permitted, the
Company applies APB Opinion No. 25 and related Interpretations in accounting for
its plans. Accordingly, no compensation cost has been recognized in the
statements of operations for its stock-based compensation plans.

Had compensation cost for the Company's stock option plans been recorded in the
statements of operations consistent with the provisions of SFAS 123, the Company
would have recognized compensation cost of $1,000,000, $800,000 and $600,000 in
2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

(l) Recently Issued Accounting Standards: In November 2004, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 151, "Inventory Costs--An Amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4"
("SFAS 151"), which is effective for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2005.
SFAS 151 amends the guidance in ARB No. 43 to clarify the accounting for
abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted
material (spoilage). Among other provisions, SFAS 151 requires that items such
as idle facility expense, excessive spoilage, double freight, and rehandling
costs be recognized as current-period charges regardless of whether they meet
the criterion of "so abnormal" as stated in ARB No. 43. In addition, SFAS 151
requires that allocation of fixed production overheads to the costs of
conversion be based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS 151 on its consolidated
financial statements.


                                      F-13
<PAGE>
2. Significant Accounting Policies, continued:
   --------------------------------

In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123R, "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R"), which replaces SFAS 123 and
supersedes APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees". SFAS
123R requires that the cost of all share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options, be recognized in the financial statements
based on their fair values. That cost will be recognized as an expense over the
vesting period of the award. Pro forma disclosures previously permitted under
SFAS 123 (which are shown above) no longer will be an alternative to financial
statement recognition. In addition, the Company will be required to determine
fair value in accordance with SFAS 123R. SFAS 123R is effective for reporting
periods beginning with the first interim or annual period after June 15, 2005,
with early adoption encouraged, and requires the application of a transition
methodology for stock options that have not vested as of the date of adoption.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS 123R on its consolidated
financial statements.

In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 153, "Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets--An Amendment of APB Opinion No. 29"
("SFAS 153"), which is effective for fiscal periods beginning after June 15,
2005. SFAS 153 eliminates the exception from fair value measurement for
nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets in paragraph 21(b) of APB
Opinion No. 29, "Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions," and replaces it with
an exception for exchanges that do not have commercial substance. SFAS 153
specifies that a nonmonetary exchange has commercial substance if the future
cash flows of the entity are expected to change significantly as a result of the
exchange. The adoption of SFAS 153 will not have any material effect on the
consolidated financial statements; however, SFAS 153 could impact the accounting
for future transactions, if any, within its scope.

3. Acquisitions:
   -------------

In 2002, the Company completed the acquisition of 44% of the outstanding common
stock of WilTel for an aggregate purchase price of $333,500,000, including
expenses. The WilTel stock was acquired by the Company under the chapter 11
restructuring plan of Williams Communications Group, Inc., the predecessor of
WilTel. In October 2002, in a private transaction, the Company purchased
1,700,000 shares of WilTel common stock, on a when issued basis, for
$20,400,000. Together, these transactions resulted in the Company acquiring
47.4% of the outstanding common stock of WilTel during 2002.

In November 2003, the Company consummated an exchange offer and merger agreement
pursuant to which WilTel became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and
former WilTel public stockholders received an aggregate of 16,734,690 common
shares of the Company. The merger agreement also provided that WilTel
stockholders receive contingent sale rights which entitled WilTel stockholders
to additional Leucadia common shares under certain circumstances; such
contingent sale rights expired in 2004 without payment of any additional
consideration. The 2003 acquisition was wholly unrelated to the initial
acquisition in 2002; the Company's decision to acquire the remaining WilTel
shares was based upon developments subsequent to the initial 2002 purchase.

The aggregate purchase price for the 2003 acquisition was approximately
$425,300,000, consisting of $422,800,000 of Leucadia common shares and cash
expenses of $2,500,000. The execution of the merger agreement on August 21, 2003
created a measurement date for accounting purposes that is used to determine the
per share value of the Leucadia common shares issued. The Company averaged the
closing prices of its common shares for the five business day period commencing
two business days before and ending two business days after the merger agreement
was executed. That average, $25.27 per share, was used to calculate the
aggregate value of the Leucadia common shares issued.


                                      F-14
<PAGE>
3. Acquisitions, continued:
   -------------

Following completion of the merger, the Company has consolidated the financial
condition and results of operations of WilTel, and no longer accounts for its
initial investment in WilTel under the equity method of accounting. The
condensed WilTel balance sheet as of the date of acquisition is presented below.
It reflects amounts for the acquisition of the WilTel common stock in 2003, and
amounts for the acquisition of 47.4% of WilTel's common stock in 2002, all of
which were determined based on the estimated fair value of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed as of the date of each acquisition. The carrying amount
of the Company's initial 2002 cash investment in WilTel of $353,900,000,
including expenses, had been subsequently reduced by $65,400,000, representing
the Company's share of WilTel's losses under the equity method of accounting.
The aggregate net investment in WilTel shown below of $713,800,000 consists of
the carrying amount of the Company's equity investment in WilTel as of November
5, 2003 ($288,500,000) and the aggregate purchase price of the acquisition
pursuant to the merger ($425,300,000). All amounts are in thousands.

                                                                  As of
                                                             November 6, 2003
                                                             ----------------
  Assets:
     Current assets:
       Cash and cash equivalents                              $     97,900
       Investments                                                  93,600
       Trade, notes and other receivables, net                     243,400
       Prepaids and other current assets                            62,200
                                                              -------------
         Total current assets                                      497,100
    Non-current investments                                         30,600
     Property and equipment                                      1,214,900
     Intangible assets                                              47,000
     Other assets                                                   38,800
                                                              -------------
         Total assets                                            1,828,400
                                                              -------------

  Liabilities:
     Current liabilities:
       Trade payables and expense accruals                         235,900
       Deferred revenue                                             47,400
       Other current liabilities                                   119,100
       Long-term debt due within one year                            4,000
                                                              -------------
         Total current liabilities                                 406,400
     Long-term deferred revenue                                    154,500
     Other non-current liabilities                                 138,100
     Long-term debt                                                502,700
                                                              -------------
         Total liabilities                                       1,201,700
                                                              -------------
                                                                   626,700
  Allocation to consolidated deferred income taxes                  87,100
                                                              -------------

         Net investment in WilTel                             $    713,800
                                                              =============

Of the $47,000,000 of acquired intangible assets, $10,100,000 was related to
Vyvx's tradename (with a weighted-average useful life of approximately fifteen
years) and $36,900,000 was related to customer relationships (with a
weighted-average useful life of approximately thirteen years), primarily Vyvx
customers. The net carrying amount of these intangible assets increased
$8,200,000 during 2004 (which is reflected in the balance sheet above), due to
the completion of the analyses used to allocate the purchase price to the
individual assets acquired, which also resulted in a reduction in the amount
initially allocated to property and equipment. See Note 8 for more information
concerning intangible asset activity subsequent to the acquisition.


                                      F-15
<PAGE>
3. Acquisitions, continued:
   -------------

Unaudited pro forma operating results for the Company, assuming the acquisition
of 100% of WilTel had occurred as of the beginning of each year presented below
are as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>                    <C>
                                                                                          2003                   2002
                                                                                          ----                   ----

  Revenues                                                                          $  1,730,800           $  1,440,400
  Income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a
     change in accounting principles                                                $     75,400           $   (318,300)
  Net income (loss)                                                                 $     75,400           $   (326,900)
  Per share:
     Basic                                                                                $  .71                 $(3.26)
     Dilutive                                                                             $  .71                 $(3.26)
</TABLE>

Pro forma adjustments include an increase to 2003 depreciation expense of
$3,100,000 related to the adjustment to fair value of property and equipment at
acquisition, which fair value adjustment is assumed amortized over an average
life of 15 years and, for the 2002 period, a reduction of $235,000,000 to
WilTel's historical depreciation expense, as the historical carrying amount of
WilTel's property and equipment as of January 1, 2002 was nearly $3.1 billion
more than the amount allocated to property and equipment assumed in the pro
forma financial statements. Accordingly, depreciation expense was substantially
reduced on a pro forma basis since the actual depreciation expense recorded on a
much larger asset would not have been recorded on a pro forma basis.

The pro forma adjustments for 2002 also include the reversal of certain
statement of operations activity as a result of WilTel's emergence from
bankruptcy, including the reversal of the gain recognized upon the discharge of
WilTel's indebtedness ($4.3 billion), the reversal of the net charge recognized
upon WilTel's application of fresh start accounting adjustments to the
historical carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities ($2.1 billion) and the
reversal of historical interest expense related to all debt that was converted
to equity under WilTel's bankruptcy plan. For both periods, the pro forma
adjustments included an adjustment to reduce the Company's historical federal
income tax provision (2003 - $38,200,000 and 2002 - $12,900,000), as losses
generated by WilTel reduced or eliminated the Company's historical income, and
the reversal of the Company's recognition of its share of WilTel's losses under
the equity method of accounting as a result of the pro forma consolidation.

The unaudited pro forma data for WilTel is not indicative of future results of
operations or what would have resulted if the acquisitions had actually occurred
as of the beginning of the periods presented. Unaudited pro forma data is not
included for Symphony as the amounts were not material.

In September 2003, the Company acquired Symphony for approximately $36,700,000,
including expenses, of which approximately $29,200,000 was provided by financing
that is non-recourse to the Company but is fully collateralized by Symphony's
assets. In addition, at acquisition, the lender provided an additional
$5,000,000 of working capital financing to Symphony. The Company has
consolidated Symphony's financial condition and results of operations since
acquisition.

In September 2003, the Company acquired a 90% interest in 8 acres of unimproved
land in Washington, D.C. for cash of $53,800,000. Immediately following the
acquisition, mortgage financing of $15,000,000 was obtained, which is
non-recourse to the Company, that reduced the Company's net cash investment in
the property to $38,800,000. Subsequent to the acquisition, the mortgage lender
provided an additional $5,000,000 of such non-recourse financing, which further
reduced the Company's net cash investment. The land is zoned for a minimum of
2,000,000 square feet of commercial office space, which the Company intends to
develop in phases, once acceptable tenants or purchasers are identified.


                                      F-16
<PAGE>
3. Acquisitions, continued:
   -------------

In December 2003, the Company purchased all of the debt obligations under the
senior secured credit facility of ATX Communications, Inc. and certain of its
affiliates (collectively "ATX") for $25,000,000, and also entered into an
amendment to the facility pursuant to which the Company agreed to refrain from
exercising certain of its rights under the facility, subject to certain
conditions. ATX is an integrated communications provider that offers local
exchange carrier and inter-exchange carrier telephone, Internet, high-speed data
and other communications services to business and residential customers in
targeted markets throughout the Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions of the U.S.

As contemplated at the time of the Company's purchase, in January 2004, ATX
commenced a voluntary Chapter 11 case in order to reorganize its financial
affairs. During 2004, the Company provided debtor-in-possession financing to ATX
of $5,000,000. This financing is secured by liens on substantially all of ATX's
assets, and is expected to be repaid upon ATX's emergence from bankruptcy. In
January 2005, ATX filed its First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization (the
"Plan") and related disclosure statement. The Plan was filed after agreements
were reached with major stakeholders and/or the representatives of major
stakeholders in the bankruptcy case. The Plan contemplates that the Company will
convert its current investment in the ATX credit facility into 95% of the new
common stock of the reorganized ATX and a new $25,000,000 senior secured note
which bears interest at 10%. In addition, the Company will provide up to
$25,000,000 of exit financing to ATX to fund bankruptcy related payments and
working capital requirements, which includes the repayment of the Company's
$5,000,000 debtor-in-possession financing. The Plan is subject to approval by
the bankruptcy court and creditors. Assuming that ATX is reorganized as
contemplated in the Plan, the Company will consolidate ATX as of the date the
Plan becomes effective.

In July 2004, the Company invested $50,000,000 in INTL Consilium Emerging Market
Absolute Return Fund, LLC ("INTL"), a limited liability company that is invested
in a master fund which primarily invests in emerging markets debt and equity
securities. INTL and the master fund are managed and controlled by an investment
manager who has full discretion over investment and operating decisions. In
accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 46R, "Consolidation of Variable Interest
Entities", INTL is a variable interest entity and the Company is currently the
primary beneficiary; as a result, the Company accounts for its investment in
INTL as a consolidated subsidiary. In October 2004, the Company invested an
additional $25,000,000 in INTL. INTL plans to sell additional membership
interests in the future, which if accomplished could result in the Company no
longer accounting for INTL as a consolidated subsidiary. At December 31, 2004,
INTL had total assets of $79,600,000, which are reflected as investments in the
Company's consolidated balance sheet, and its liabilities were not material.
The creditors of INTL have recourse only to the assets of INTL and do not have
recourse to any other assets of the Company. The Company can generally withdraw
its capital account interest upon 90 days notice, subject to the manager's
ability to liquidate security positions in an orderly manner. For the year ended
December 31, 2004, the Company recorded $2,200,000 of pre-tax income relating to
INTL. The Company has included INTL in its Corporate segment.

4. Investments in Associated Companies:
   -----------------------------------

The Company has investments in several Associated Companies. The amounts
reflected as equity in income of associated companies in the consolidated
statements of operations are net of income tax provisions of $15,000,000,
$70,100,000 and $36,700,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
2002, respectively. Included in consolidated retained earnings at December 31,
2004 is approximately $124,000,000 of undistributed earnings of the
associated companies.

JPOF II

During 2000, the Company invested $100,000,000 in the equity of a limited
liability company, Jefferies Partners Opportunity Fund II, LLC ("JPOF II"), that
is a registered broker-dealer. JPOF II is managed by Jefferies & Company, Inc.,
a full service investment bank to middle market companies. JPOF II invests in
high yield securities, special situation investments and distressed securities
and provides trading services to its customers and clients. For the years ended
December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company recorded $16,200,000,


                                      F-17
<PAGE>
4. Investments in Associated Companies, continued:
   ------------------------------------

$14,800,000 and $15,200,000, respectively, of pre-tax income from this
investment under the equity method of accounting. These earnings were
distributed by JPOF II as dividends shortly after the end of each year.

Olympus

In December 2001, the Company invested $127,500,000 for an approximate 25%
common stock interest in Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. ("Olympus"), a newly formed
Bermuda reinsurance company primarily engaged in the property excess, marine and
aviation reinsurance business. In June 2003, the Company sold 567,574 common
shares of Olympus back to Olympus for total proceeds of $79,500,000. The Company
recognized a $1,500,000 gain on the sale which is reflected in other income for
the year ended December 31, 2003. The shares were sold to Olympus as part of an
issuer tender offer available to all of its shareholders. After completion of
the tender, the Company's interest in Olympus declined from 25% to 16.1%.
Although the Company's equity interest declined below 20%, the Company continued
to account for its investment under the equity method of accounting because of
its ability to exercise significant influence. As a result of redemptions of
other investors' equity interests in the first half of 2004, the Company's
percentage interest in Olympus has increased to 19%. For the years ended
December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company recorded $9,700,000, $40,400,000
and $24,100,000, respectively, of pre-tax income from this investment under the
equity method of accounting.

EagleRock

In December 2001, the Company invested $50,000,000 in EagleRock Capital Partners
(QP), LP ("EagleRock"), a limited partnership that invests and trades in
securities and other investment vehicles. Pre-tax results of $29,400,000,
$49,900,000 and $(4,500,000) for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
2002, respectively, were recorded from this investment under the equity method
of accounting. The results reported by the partnership since its inception
include both realized and changes in unrealized gains and losses in its
portfolio. In 2004, $3,700,000 was distributed by EagleRock to the Company.

HomeFed

In October 2002, the Company sold one of its real estate subsidiaries, CDS
Holding Corporation ("CDS"), to HomeFed Corporation ("HomeFed") for a purchase
price of $25,000,000, consisting of $1,000,000 in cash and 2,474,226 shares of
HomeFed's common stock, which represented approximately 30% of HomeFed's
outstanding common stock. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, the deferred gain on
this sale was $6,800,000 and $7,900,000, respectively, which is being recognized
into income as CDS's principal asset, the real estate project known as San Elijo
Hills, is developed and sold. For the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003,
the Company recorded $10,000,000 and $16,200,000 of pre-tax income from this
investment under the equity method of accounting. HomeFed is engaged, directly
and through subsidiaries, in the investment in and development of residential
real estate projects in the State of California. HomeFed is a public traded
company traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board (Symbol: HOFD).

As a result of a 1998 distribution to all of the Company's shareholders,
approximately 9.4% and 9.5% of HomeFed is owned by the Company's Chairman and
President, respectively. Both are also directors of HomeFed and the Company's
President serves as HomeFed's Chairman.

Pershing

In January 2004, the Company invested $50,000,000 in Pershing Square, L.P.
("Pershing"), a limited partnership that is authorized to engage in a variety of
investing activities. The Company redeemed its interest as of December 31, 2004,
and the total amount due from Pershing of $71,300,000 (which was paid during the
first quarter of 2005) is included in trade, notes and other receivables, net in
the Company's consolidated balance sheet.


                                      F-18
<PAGE>
4. Investments in Associated Companies, continued:
   ------------------------------------

Other

In November 2002, the Company sold its approximately 40% equity interest in
certain thoroughbred racetrack businesses to a third party for net proceeds of
$28,000,000. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of $14,300,000. As part of the
transaction, the Company has an approximately 15% profits interest in a joint
venture formed with the buyer of the businesses to pursue the potential
development and management of gaming ventures in Maryland, including slot
machines and video lottery terminals (if authorized by state law). The Company
has no funding obligations for this joint venture.

The following table provides summarized data with respect to the Associated
Companies accounted for on the equity method of accounting included in results
of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2004, except for Berkadia
LLC ("Berkadia") and WilTel which are separately summarized below. (Amounts are
in thousands.)

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                     <C>                  <C>              <C>

                                                                                   2004              2003
                                                                                   ----              ----

  Assets                                                                      $ 2,247,000       $  2,062,300
  Liabilities                                                                     969,200            812,600
                                                                              ------------      -------------
         Net assets                                                           $ 1,277,800       $  1,249,700
                                                                              ============      =============
  The Company's portion of the reported net assets                            $   440,200       $    411,900
                                                                              ============      =============

                                                                                    2004              2003          2002
                                                                                    ----              ----          ----

  Total revenues                                                              $    914,500      $    890,900    $  479,200
  Income from continuing operations before extraordinary items                $    221,000      $    374,700    $  133,400
  Net income                                                                  $    221,000      $    374,700    $  136,600
  The Company's equity in net income                                          $     90,700      $    119,900    $   39,200

</TABLE>

The Company has not provided any guarantees, nor is it contingently liable for
any of the liabilities reflected in the above table. All such liabilities are
non-recourse to the Company. The Company's exposure to adverse events at the
investee companies is limited to the book value of its investment.

Berkadia

In August 2001, Berkadia, an entity jointly owned by the Company and Berkshire
Hathaway Inc., loaned $5,600,000,000 on a senior secured basis to FINOVA Capital
Corporation (the "Berkadia Loan"), the principal operating subsidiary of The
FINOVA Group Inc. ("FINOVA"), to facilitate a chapter 11 restructuring of the
outstanding debt of FINOVA and its principal subsidiaries. Berkadia also
received 61,020,581 newly issued shares of common stock of FINOVA (the "FNV
Shares"), representing 50% of the stock of FINOVA outstanding on a fully diluted
basis. Berkadia financed the Berkadia Loan with bank financing that was
guaranteed, 90% by Berkshire Hathaway and 10% by the Company (with the Company's
guarantee being secondarily guaranteed by Berkshire Hathaway). In February 2004,
FINOVA fully repaid the Berkadia Loan, and Berkadia fully repaid its bank
financing, thereby eliminating the Company's guaranty.

During 2001, Berkadia was paid a $60,000,000 commitment fee by FINOVA Capital
upon execution of the commitment, and a $60,000,000 funding fee upon funding of
the Berkadia Loan. The Company's share of these fees, $60,000,000 in the
aggregate, was distributed to the Company shortly after the fees were received.
In connection with the funding commitment, in February 2001, FINOVA entered into
a ten-year management agreement with the Company, for which the Company receives
an annual fee of $8,000,000. The management agreement remains in effect even
though the Berkadia Loan has been repaid.


                                      F-19
<PAGE>
4. Investments in Associated Companies, continued:
   ------------------------------------

Under the agreement governing Berkadia, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway
agreed to equally share the commitment fee, funding fee and all management fees.
All income related to the Berkadia Loan, after payment of financing costs, was
shared 90% to Berkshire Hathaway and 10% to the Company.

In August 2001, Berkadia transferred $5,540,000,000 in cash to FINOVA Capital,
representing the $5,600,000,000 loan reduced by the funding fee of $60,000,000,
in exchange for a $5,600,000,000 note from FINOVA Capital and the FNV Shares.
Under GAAP, Berkadia was required to allocate the $5,540,000,000 cash
transferred, reduced by the previously received $60,000,000 commitment fee,
between its investment in the Berkadia Loan and the FNV Shares, based upon the
relative fair values of the securities received. Further, the fair value of the
FNV Shares was presumed to be equal to the trading price of the stock on the day
Berkadia received the FNV Shares, with only relatively minor adjustments allowed
for transfer restrictions and the inability of the traded market price to
account for a large block transfer. The requirement to use the trading price as
the basis for the fair value estimate resulted in an initial book value for the
FNV Shares of $188,800,000, which was far in excess of the $17,600,000 aggregate
book net worth of FINOVA on the effective date of the Plan, and was inconsistent
with the Company's view that the FINOVA common stock has a very limited value.
Based on this determination of fair value, Berkadia recorded an initial
investment in the FNV Shares of $188,800,000 and in the Berkadia Loan of
$5,291,200,000. The allocation of $188,800,000 to the investment in the common
stock of FINOVA, plus the $120,000,000 of cash fees received, were reflected as
a discount from the face amount of the Berkadia Loan. The discount was amortized
to income over the life of the Berkadia Loan under the effective interest
method.

During 2002, Berkadia gave its consent to FINOVA to use up to $300,000,000 of
cash to repurchase certain subordinated notes rather than make mandatory
prepayments of the Berkadia Loan. In consideration for its consent, FINOVA and
Berkadia agreed that they would share equally in the net interest savings
resulting from any repurchase. The Company's share of the net interest savings
is reflected in the table below.

Subsequent to acquisition, Berkadia accounted for its investment in the FINOVA
common stock under the equity method of accounting. During 2001, Berkadia
recorded its share of FINOVA's losses in an amount that reduced Berkadia's
investment in FINOVA's common stock to zero. Berkadia's recognition of any
future FINOVA losses was suspended at that time. Although the Company had no
cash investment in Berkadia, since it guaranteed 10% of the third party
financing provided to Berkadia, the Company recorded its share of any losses
recorded by Berkadia, up to the amount of the Company's guarantee. For the years
ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company's equity in the income of
Berkadia consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                          <C>             <C>              <C>
                                                                                     2004             2003           2002
                                                                                     ----             ----           ----

   Net interest spread on the Berkadia Loan - 10% of total                       $      -         $  2,400        $  6,100
   Net interest savings                                                               300            2,000             500
   Amortization of Berkadia Loan discount related to cash fees -
      50% of total                                                                    200           29,100          22,900
   Amortization of Berkadia Loan discount related to FINOVA
      stock - 50% of total                                                            300           45,700          36,100
                                                                                 ---------        ---------       ---------

      Equity in income of associated companies - Berkadia                        $    800         $ 79,200        $ 65,600
                                                                                 =========        =========       =========
</TABLE>

The following table provides certain summarized data with respect to Berkadia at
December 31, 2003 and for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002.
Since Berkadia has distributed all of its cash to its members and the carrying
amount of its investment in FINOVA is zero, it has no assets or liabilities as
of December 31, 2004. (Amounts are in thousands.)


                                      F-20
<PAGE>
4. Investments in Associated Companies, continued:
   ------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                       <C>           <C>                 <C>

                                                                                                    2003
                                                                                                    ----
   Assets                                                                                      $   526,400
   Liabilities                                                                                     525,600
                                                                                               ------------
          Net assets                                                                           $       800
                                                                                               ============

                                                                                    2004            2003             2002
                                                                                    ----            ----             ----
   Total revenues                                                             $     2,400      $   198,800     $    245,200
   Income from continuing operations before extraordinary items
      and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle               $     2,200      $   180,400     $    180,900
   Net income                                                                 $     2,200      $   180,400     $    180,900

</TABLE>

WilTel

Prior to its acquisition in 2003 of the remaining shares of WilTel's outstanding
common stock, the Company accounted for its 47.4% interest in WilTel under the
equity method of accounting. For the period January 1, 2003 through November 5,
2003 (the day before the acquisition was consummated) and for the period from
the initial 2002 purchase through December 31, 2002, the Company recorded
$52,100,000 and $13,400,000, respectively, of pre-tax losses from this
investment under the equity method of accounting. The amounts recorded in 2003
include the Company's share of WilTel's income from the recognition of
non-operating settlement gains related to the termination of various agreements
that released WilTel from previously accrued obligations, recoveries of
previously written off receivables and a gain on the sale of a subsidiary. The
Company's share of these gains was approximately $31,200,000, for which no tax
provision was recorded.

The following table provides certain summarized data with respect to WilTel for
the periods from January 1, 2003 through November 5, 2003, and from the initial
2002 purchase through December 31, 2002. (Amounts are in thousands.)

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                              <C>                  <C>
                                                                                            2003                   2002
                                                                                            ----                   ----
           Total revenues                                                             $   1,111,400           $    191,700
           Loss from continuing operations before extraordinary items                 $    (108,700)          $    (61,000)
           Net loss                                                                   $    (108,700)          $    (61,000)
           The Company's equity in net loss                                           $     (52,100)          $    (13,400)
</TABLE>

5. Discontinued Operations:
   -----------------------

During the second quarter of 2002, the Company sold its interest in Fidei, its
foreign real estate subsidiary, to an unrelated third party for total proceeds
of 70,400,000 Euros ($66,200,000), which resulted in an after tax gain on the
sale reflected in results of operations of $4,500,000 (net of income tax expense
of $2,400,000) for the year ended December 31, 2002, and an increase to
shareholders' equity of $12,100,000 as of December 31, 2002. The Euro
denominated sale proceeds were not converted into U.S. dollars immediately upon
receipt. The Company entered into a participating currency derivative, which
expired in September 2002. Upon expiration, net of the premium paid to purchase
the contract, the Company received $67,900,000 in exchange for 70,000,000 Euros
and recognized a foreign exchange gain of $2,000,000, which is included in
investment and other income for the year ended December 31, 2002.

In December 2002, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase certain debt
and equity securities of WebLink Wireless, Inc. ("WebLink"), for an aggregate
purchase price of $19,000,000. WebLink operated in the wireless messaging
industry, providing wireless data services and traditional paging services. In
the fourth quarter of 2003, WebLink sold substantially all of its operating
assets to Metrocall, Inc. for 500,000 shares of common stock of Metrocall, Inc's
parent, Metrocall Holdings, Inc. ("Metrocall"), an immediately exercisable
warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock of Metrocall at $40 per share,
and a warrant to purchase up to 100,000 additional shares of Metrocall common
stock at $40 per share, subject to certain vesting criteria.


                                      F-21
<PAGE>
5. Discontinued Operations, continued:
   ------------------------

Based upon the market price of the Metrocall stock received and the fair value
of the warrants received as of the date of sale, the Company reported a pre-tax
gain on disposal of discontinued operations of $11,500,000. The vesting criteria
for the remaining warrants were satisfied during 2004, and the Company recorded
$2,200,000 as gain on disposal of discontinued operations (net of minority
interest), which represented the estimated fair value of the warrants.

During the fourth quarter of 2004, WebLink exercised all of its warrants and
subsequently tendered all of its Metrocall shares as part of a merger agreement
between Metrocall and Arch Wireless, Inc. WebLink received cash of $19,900,000
and 675,607 common shares of the new parent company (USA Mobility, Inc., which
had a fair market value of $25,000,000 when received), resulting in a pre-tax
gain of $15,800,000 that is included in net securities gains of continuing
operations. The Company's investment in the shares of USA Mobility at December
31, 2004 are classified as a non-current investment.

In October 2004, the Company sold a commercial real estate property and
classified it as a discontinued operation. During the second quarter of 2004,
the Company recorded a non-cash charge of approximately $7,100,000 to reduce the
carrying amount of this property to its estimated fair value. The Company
recorded an additional loss of $600,000 in the fourth quarter of 2004 resulting
principally from mortgage prepayment penalties incurred upon satisfaction of the
property's mortgage at closing. Operating results for this property were not
material in prior years.

In the fourth quarter of 2004, the Company sold its geothermal power business
and classified it as a discontinued operation. This business had been included
in the Company's Other Operations segment. The Company received proceeds of
$14,800,000, net of closing costs, and recognized a pre-tax gain of $200,000.

During 2003, the Company settled certain tax payment responsibilities with the
purchaser of Colonial Penn Insurance Company. Income from discontinued
operations for the year ended December 31, 2003 includes a payment of $1,800,000
from the purchaser to reimburse the Company for tax payments previously made.

A summary of the results of discontinued operations is as follows for the three
year period ended December 31, 2004 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                           <C>              <C>              <C>

                                                                                      2004             2003              2002
                                                                                      ----             ----              ----

Revenues and other income:
   Wireless messaging revenues                                                    $      -          $  57,900         $    -
   Investment and other income                                                        6,441             7,670           19,552
   Net securities losses                                                                 -                 -              (364)
                                                                                   ---------        ----------        ---------
                                                                                      6,441            65,570           19,188
                                                                                   ---------        ----------        ---------
Expenses:
   Wireless messaging network operating expenses                                         -             31,354              -
   Interest                                                                             382               548            2,735
   Salaries                                                                              -              9,947              505
   Selling, general and other expenses                                               14,328            20,782           11,178
                                                                                   ---------        ----------        ---------
                                                                                     14,710            62,631           14,418
                                                                                   ---------        ----------        ---------

       Income (loss) before income taxes                                             (8,269)            2,939            4,770

Income tax provision (benefit)                                                           -               (742)           1,781
                                                                                   ---------        ----------        ---------

       Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes                    $ (8,269)        $   3,681         $  2,989
                                                                                   =========        ==========        =========
</TABLE>

                                      F-22
<PAGE>
6. Investments:
   -----------

A summary of investments classified as current assets at December 31, 2004 and
2003 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           2004                                 2003
                                                                ------------------------------      ------------------------------
                                                                                Carrying Value                      Carrying Value
                                                                Amortized       and Estimated       Amortized        and Estimated
                                                                    Cost         Fair Value           Cost            Fair Value
                                                                ---------       --------------      ----------      ---------------

<S>                                                          <C>             <C>                 <C>             <C>
Investments available for sale                                 $   939,175       $   939,313         $ 606,387        $  623,570
Trading securities                                                 148,602           159,616            74,923            86,392
Other investments, including accrued interest income                 7,393             7,393             4,401             4,401
                                                               ------------      ------------        ----------       -----------

   Total current investments                                   $ 1,095,170       $ 1,106,322         $ 685,711        $  714,363
                                                               ============      ============        ==========       ===========

The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value
of available for sale investments classified as current assets at December 31,
2004 and 2003 are as follows (in thousands):

                                                                                           Gross           Gross          Estimated
                                                                        Amortized        Unrealized      Unrealized          Fair
                                                                          Cost             Gains          Losses             Value
                                                                        ---------        ----------     ------------      ----------

2004
Bonds and notes:
   United States Government and agencies                                 $ 871,248        $      10      $   1,212        $  870,046
   All other corporates                                                     67,927            1,666            326            69,267
                                                                         ----------       ----------     ----------       ----------

       Total                                                             $ 939,175        $   1,676      $   1,538        $  939,313
                                                                         ==========       ==========     ==========       ==========

2003
Bonds and notes:
   United States Government and agencies                                 $ 524,326        $     225      $      52        $  524,499
   All other corporates                                                     78,190           17,010              -            95,200
Other fixed maturities                                                       3,871                -              -             3,871
                                                                         ----------       ----------     ----------       ----------



       Total                                                             $ 606,387        $  17,235      $      52        $  623,570
                                                                         ==========       ==========     ==========       ==========

Certain information with respect to trading securities at December 31, 2004 and
2003 is as follows (in thousands):

                                                                           2004                                 2003
                                                                ------------------------------      ------------------------------
                                                                                Carrying Value                      Carrying Value
                                                                Amortized       and Estimated       Amortized        and Estimated
                                                                  Cost           Fair Value           Cost            Fair Value
                                                                ---------       --------------      ----------      ---------------

Fixed maturities - corporate bonds and notes                    $  67,629        $  77,288         $  69,923         $  80,516
Equity securities                                                   1,413            1,585             3,680             3,983
Other investments                                                  79,560           80,743             1,320             1,893
                                                                ----------       ----------        ----------        ----------
   Total trading securities                                     $ 148,602        $ 159,616         $  74,923         $  86,392
                                                                ==========       ==========        ==========        ==========

</TABLE>

                                      F-23
<PAGE>
6. Investments, continued:
   ------------

A summary of non-current investments at December 31, 2004 and 2003 is as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2004                                  2003
                                                                ------------------------------     --------------------------------
                                                                                Carrying Value                      Carrying Value
                                                                Amortized       and Estimated       Amortized        and Estimated
                                                                   Cost           Fair Value           Cost           Fair Value
                                                                ---------       --------------      ----------      ---------------

<S>                                                          <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>
Investments available for sale                                 $  432,207         $  676,051       $  420,947         $  655,178
Other investments                                                  50,731             50,731           18,564             18,564
                                                               ----------         ----------       ----------         ----------

   Total non-current investments                               $  482,938         $  726,782       $  439,511         $  673,742
                                                               ==========         ==========       ==========         ==========

</TABLE>

The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value
of non-current investments classified as available for sale at December 31, 2004
and 2003 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Gross           Gross          Estimated
                                                                        Amortized       Unrealized      Unrealized          Fair
                                                                          Cost            Gains           Losses            Value
                                                                        ---------       ----------      ----------        ---------
<S>                                                               <C>               <C>              <C>               <C>
2004
- ----
Bonds and notes:
   United States Government and agencies                                 $ 150,693       $       51        $   1,148     $  149,596
   States, municipalities and political subdivisions                         7,610                -                -          7,610
   Foreign governments                                                       1,507               79                -          1,586
   All other corporates                                                    125,020           41,568              416        166,172
                                                                         ----------      -----------       ----------     ----------
       Total fixed maturities                                              284,830           41,698            1,564        324,964
                                                                         ----------      -----------       ----------     ----------

Equity securities:
   Preferred stocks                                                            993               -                 -            993
   Common stocks:
     Banks, trusts and insurance companies                                  91,154          194,620                -        285,774
     Industrial, miscellaneous and all other                                55,230           10,868            1,778         64,320
                                                                         ----------      -----------       ----------     ----------

       Total equity securities                                             147,377          205,488            1,778        351,087
                                                                         ----------      -----------       ----------     ----------

                                                                         $ 432,207       $  247,186        $   3,342      $ 676,051
                                                                         ==========      ===========       ==========     ==========
</TABLE>


                                      F-24
<PAGE>
6. Investments, continued:
   ------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Gross           Gross         Estimated
                                                                        Amortized        Unrealized      Unrealized        Fair
                                                                          Cost             Gains          Losses          Value
                                                                       -----------      ------------     -----------     ----------
<S>                                                                  <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>
2003
- ----
Bonds and notes:
   United States Government and agencies                                $  176,587       $      108      $     431       $  176,264
   States, municipalities and political subdivisions                         2,799                6              -            2,805
   Foreign governments                                                       1,511              155              -            1,666
   All other corporates                                                    108,045           56,753            277          164,521
Other fixed maturities                                                         690                -              -              690
                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------     -----------

       Total fixed maturities                                              289,632           57,022            708          345,946
                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------     -----------

Equity securities:
   Preferred stocks                                                            993                -              -              993
   Common stocks:
     Banks, trusts and insurance companies                                  91,154          111,245              -          202,399
     Industrial, miscellaneous and all other                                38,810           66,672              -          105,482
                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------     -----------

       Total equity securities                                             130,957          177,917              -          308,874
                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------     -----------

Other                                                                          358               -               -              358
                                                                        -----------      -----------     -----------     -----------

                                                                        $  420,947       $  234,939      $      708      $  655,178
                                                                        ===========      ===========     ===========     ===========
</TABLE>

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of non-current investments
classified as available for sale at December 31, 2004, by contractual maturity
are shown below. Expected maturities are likely to differ from contractual
maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations
with or without call or prepayment penalties.

                                                                      Estimated
                                                     Amortized          Fair
                                                       Cost             Value
                                                     ---------        ---------
                                                            (In thousands)

Due after one year through five years               $  133,191      $  173,709
Due after five years through ten years                   1,856           2,505
Due after ten years                                      7,610           7,610
                                                    -----------     -----------
                                                       142,657         183,824
Mortgage-backed securities                             142,173         141,140
                                                    -----------     -----------

                                                    $  284,830      $  324,964
                                                    ===========     ===========

The Company owns 375,000 common shares of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd.
("WMIG"), for which it paid $75,000,000. WMIG is a publicly traded, Bermuda
domiciled financial services holding company, principally engaged through its
subsidiaries and affiliates in property and casualty insurance and reinsurance.
The Company's president is a director of WMIG. At December 31, 2004 and 2003,
the Company's investment in WMIG, which is reflected in non-current investments
available for sale, had a market value of $242,300,000 and $172,500,000,
respectively. The WMIG shares owned by the Company have the benefit of a
registration rights agreement with WMIG.


                                      F-25
<PAGE>
6. Investments, continued:
   ------------

Net unrealized gains on investments were $153,200,000, $161,800,000 and
$58,000,000 at December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Reclassification
adjustments included in comprehensive income for the three year period ended
December 31, 2004 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                               <C>             <C>            <C>

                                                                                          2004            2003           2002
                                                                                          ----            ----           ----

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period, net of
   tax provision of $0, $56,896 and $12,558                                           $  (26,623)    $  105,861       $  23,253
Less:  reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net
   income, net of tax provision (benefit) of $0, $1,158 and $(1,657)                      18,031         (2,085)          3,078
                                                                                      -----------    -----------      ----------
Net change in unrealized gain on investments, net of tax provision
   of $0, $55,738 and $14,215                                                         $   (8,592)    $  103,776       $  26,331
                                                                                      ===========    ===========      ==========

The following table shows the Company's investments' gross unrealized losses and
fair value, aggregated by investment category, all of which have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months, at December 31,
2004 (in thousands):

                                                                                                          Unrealized
Description of Securities                                                              Fair Value           Losses
- -------------------------                                                              ----------        -----------

United States Government and agencies                                               $    764,151         $      1,274
Mortgage-backed securities                                                               118,718                1,035
Corporate bonds                                                                           46,235                  742
Marketable equity securities                                                              32,484                1,778
                                                                                     -----------          -----------

   Total temporarily impaired securities                                            $    961,588          $     4,829
                                                                                     ===========          ===========

</TABLE>

The unrealized losses on the securities issued by the United States Government
and agencies and the mortgage-backed securities were caused by interest rate
increases and were considered to be minor (approximately .2% and .9%,
respectively). The unrealized losses on the securities issued by the United
States Government and agencies relate to 48 securities which were primarily
purchased in 2004 and substantially all of which mature in 2005. The unrealized
losses on the mortgage-backed securities relate to 34 securities substantially
all of which were purchased in 2004. The unrealized losses related to the
corporate bonds are not considered to be an other than temporary impairment.
This determination is based on a number of factors, including the length of time
and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost and factors
specific to the individual investment. The unrealized losses on marketable
equity securities primarily relates to one security which the Company has owned
since November 2004 and which is in an unrealized gain position subsequent to
year-end.

At December 31, 2004, the Company's investments which have been in a continuous
unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer had aggregate gross unrealized
losses of approximately $50,000 and an aggregate fair value of approximately
$16,400,000. All of these securities were either issued by the United States
Government agencies or were mortgage-backed securities.

At December 31, 2004 and 2003, securities with book values aggregating
$7,100,000 and $26,300,000, respectively, were on deposit with various
regulatory authorities. Securities with book values of $12,100,000 and
$11,100,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, collateralized certain
swap agreements, and securities with a book value of $11,000,000 and $24,200,000
at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, collateralized certain debt
obligations and a related letter of credit.



                                      F-26
<PAGE>
7. Trade, Notes and Other Receivables, Net:
   -----------------------------------

A summary of trade, notes and other receivables, net at December 31, 2004 and
2003 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>             <C>

                                                                                       2004              2003
                                                                                       ----              ----

Current trade, notes and other receivables, net:
   Trade receivables                                                                $ 319,746         $ 300,659
   Federal income tax receivable                                                        3,858            25,648
   Receivable from Pershing                                                            71,294               -
   Instalment loan receivables, net of unearned finance charges of
      $112 at December 31, 2003 (a)                                                     2,035            22,461
   Receivables related to securities                                                    5,999             2,451
   Receivables relating to real estate activities                                       1,546             3,640
   Other                                                                               20,998            22,568
                                                                                    ----------        ----------
                                                                                      425,476           377,427
   Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                    (10,924)           (5,323)
                                                                                    ----------        ----------

       Total current trade, notes and other receivables, net                        $ 414,552         $ 372,104
                                                                                    =========         =========

Non-current notes and other receivables, net:
   Instalment loan receivables                                                      $   2,269         $ 182,991
   Receivables relating to real estate activities                                         -              15,767
   Other                                                                               15,281            16,279
                                                                                    ----------        ----------
                                                                                       17,550           215,037
   Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                       (644)          (21,578)
                                                                                    ----------        ----------

       Total non-current notes and other receivables, net                           $  16,906         $ 193,459
                                                                                    ==========        ==========
</TABLE>

(a) Contractual maturities of instalment loan receivables at December 31, 2004
were as follows (in thousands): 2005 - $2,000; 2006 - $500; 2007 - $400; 2008 -
$200; and 2009 and thereafter - $1,200.

8. Other Assets:
   ------------

A summary of other assets at December 31, 2004 and 2003 is as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>            <C>
                                                                                        2004            2003
                                                                                        ----            ----

Real Estate                                                                       $   131,228      $   144,273
Unamortized debt expense                                                               30,457            8,804
Intangibles:
   Tradename, net of accumulated amortization of $85                                    -                3,427
   Customer relationships, net of accumulated amortization of $491 and $351             1,472           12,459
Deposits                                                                               24,975           39,719
Other                                                                                  14,964           15,288
                                                                                  ------------     ------------

                                                                                  $   203,096      $   223,970
                                                                                  ============     ============

</TABLE>

During 2004, the Company recorded $1,900,000 of customer relationship intangible
assets in connection with an acquisition made by its manufacturing segment. The
manufacturing segment's customer relationship intangible assets are being
amortized on a straight-line basis over an average useful life of approximately
three years.


                                      F-27
<PAGE>
8. Other Assets, continued:
   -------------

The Company's total comprehensive income in 2004 and 2003 subsequent to the
acquisition of WilTel enabled it to realize certain of WilTel's acquired
deferred tax assets which had been fully reserved for at acquisition. The
resulting reduction in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was
applied to reduce the recorded amount of WilTel's identifiable intangible assets
to zero.

Amortization expense on intangible assets was $2,300,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2004. The estimated aggregate future amortization expense for the
customer relationship intangible asset for each of the next five years is as
follows (in thousands): 2005 - $654; 2006 - $654; 2007 - $164; and thereafter -
$0.

As previously disclosed in the 2003 10-K, the Las Cruces mineral rights of MK
Resources had been classified as an intangible asset. Effective April 2004, the
FASB ratified the Emerging Issues Task Force's consensus that mineral rights
should be accounted for as tangible assets and classified as a component of
property and equipment. In accordance with this pronouncement, the Company has
reclassified this asset in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2003.

9. Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net:
   ---------------------------------------------------

A summary of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net at December 31,
2004 and 2003 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                     <C>                     <C>             <C>
                                                                                Depreciable
                                                                                   Lives
                                                                                 (in years)             2004              2003
                                                                                ------------           ------            ------

Fiber cable and conduit system                                                      20           $      489,451    $    487,541
Network equipment                                                                  3-7                  315,186         288,157
Right of way                                                                        20                   91,591          95,813
Video satellite and microwave equipment                                           5-20                   18,162          17,640
Buildings and leasehold improvements                                              5-30                  369,886         383,040
Machinery and equipment                                                           2-25                   88,965          89,598
Corporate aircraft                                                                5-10                   85,871         140,033
Mining properties and mineral rights                                               N/A                   92,384          81,641
Computer equipment and software                                                    2-5                   57,605          58,304
General office furniture and fixtures                                             2-13                   29,234          30,165
Construction in progress                                                           N/A                   36,401          15,799
Other                                                                             3-10                    8,414           9,728
                                                                                                 ---------------   -------------
                                                                                                      1,683,150       1,697,459
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                           (350,274)       (172,741)
                                                                                                 ---------------   -------------

                                                                                                 $    1,332,876    $  1,524,718
                                                                                                 ===============   =============
</TABLE>


In January 2004, the Company exercised an option to sell two of its corporate
aircraft for total proceeds of approximately $38,800,000. The option was
received in connection with the purchase of two new corporate aircraft. The
Company completed the sales in July 2004, and reported a pre-tax gain of
$11,300,000.


                                      F-28
<PAGE>
10. Trade Payables, Expense Accruals and Other Liabilities:
    ------------------------------------------------------

A summary of trade payables, expense accruals and other liabilities at December
31, 2004 and 2003 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                            <C>               <C>

                                                                                        2004             2003
                                                                                        ----             ----

Trade payables and expense accruals:
   Trade payables                                                                  $  162,448        $  146,793
   Payables related to securities                                                      50,569            48,816
   Accrued compensation, severance and other employee benefits                         77,576            59,913
   Taxes other than income                                                             33,368            31,950
   Accrued interest payable                                                            22,993            20,833
   Amount due on purchase of corporate aircraft                                          -               17,000
   Other                                                                               60,396            52,168
                                                                                   -----------       -----------

                                                                                   $  407,350        $  377,473
                                                                                   ===========       ===========

Other current liabilities:
   Litigation reserves                                                             $   21,494        $   38,362
   Customer deposit (a)                                                                25,000              -
   Unfavorable contract commitments                                                     9,356            12,981
   Liabilities related to real estate activities                                       18,935              -
   Asset retirement obligations                                                         1,728             1,017
   Other                                                                               18,443            37,030
                                                                                   -----------       -----------

                                                                                   $   94,956        $   89,390
                                                                                   ===========       ===========

Other non-current liabilities:
   Unfavorable contract commitments                                                $   35,524        $   43,317
   Asset retirement obligations                                                        41,495            29,432
   Postretirement and postemployment benefits                                          10,896            11,856
   Pension liability                                                                   61,982            63,534
   Liabilities related to real estate activities                                        6,841             9,117
   Other                                                                               56,571            77,190
                                                                                   -----------       -----------

                                                                                   $  213,309        $  234,446
                                                                                   ===========       ===========
</TABLE>

(a) In conjunction with a pricing agreement for certain voice services, in
January 2004 WilTel's largest customer, SBC Communications, Inc. ("SBC"), paid
WilTel $25,000,000 for pre-funding of certain capital expenditures (all the
funds were spent during 2004). The agreement required that WilTel return the
funds to SBC if, prior to January 31, 2005, WilTel and SBC entered into an
agreement for voice transport pricing through December 31, 2006. Since such an
agreement was not entered into, during the first quarter of 2005 WilTel will
recognize the full amount of this deposit as other income.

The Company's asset retirement obligations relate primarily to two categories of
WilTel's assets:

     o    Fiber and Conduit - The Company has right of way agreements which
          generally require the removal of fiber and conduit upon the
          termination of those agreements.

     o    Technical Sites - The Company leases land for technical sites and
          leases space at technical sites along its network. Termination of
          these lease agreements normally requires removal of equipment and
          other assets, and restoration of the lease property to its original
          condition.


                                      F-29
<PAGE>
10. Trade Payables, Expense Accruals and Other Liabilities, continued:
    -------------------------------------------------------

The Company recorded WilTel's asset retirement obligation of $28,500,000 as of
the date the merger was consummated on November 6, 2003. The change in the
Company's asset retirement obligation during 2004 was primarily due to
additional liabilities incurred of $8,400,000 and accretion expense of
$4,500,000.

11. Indebtedness:
    ------------

The principal amount, stated interest rate and maturity of debt outstanding at
December 31, 2004 and 2003 are as follows (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                                   <C>              <C>

                                                                                             2004              2003
                                                                                             ----              ----

Parent Company Debt:
   Senior Notes:
      Bank credit facility                                                            $        -       $         -
      7 3/4% Senior Notes due 2013, less debt discount of $431 and $481                      99,569           99,519
      7% Senior Notes due 2013, net of debt (premium) discount of
       $(1,105) and $1,016                                                                  376,105          273,984
   Subordinated Notes:
      8 1/4% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2005                                              19,101           19,101
      7 7/8% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2006, less debt discount of
       $20 and $31                                                                           21,656           21,645
       3 3/4% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2014                                350,000             -
       8.65% Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2027                     98,200             -
   Company-obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred securities of subsidiary
     trust holding solely subordinated debt securities of the Company                           -             98,200

Subsidiary Debt:
   WilTel Credit Agreement                                                                  359,368          375,000
    One Technology Center ("OTC") Notes                                                      60,268          119,125
    Aircraft financing                                                                       45,562           47,675
    Industrial Revenue Bonds (with variable interest)                                         9,815            9,815
    Capital leases due 2005 through 2013 with a weighted average
      interest rate of 11.9%                                                                  7,463            8,481
    Other due 2005 through 2011 with a weighted average interest
      rate of 5.7%                                                                          104,634          106,289
                                                                                      --------------   -------------

       Total debt                                                                         1,551,741        1,178,834
Less:  current maturities                                                                   (68,237)         (23,956)
                                                                                      --------------   -------------

       Long-term debt                                                                 $   1,483,504    $   1,154,878
                                                                                      ==============   =============
</TABLE>

Parent Company Debt:
At December 31, 2004, the Company had an unsecured bank credit facility of
$110,000,000, which bears interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate or the prime
rate and matures in 2007. At December 31, 2004, no amounts were outstanding
under this bank credit facility.


                                      F-30
<PAGE>
11. Indebtedness, continued:
    -------------

In June 2003, the Company sold $200,000,000 principal amount of its newly
authorized 7% Senior Notes due 2013 in a private placement at 99.612% of the
principal amount. In each of August, November and December 2003, the Company
sold $25,000,000 principal amount ($75,000,000 in the aggregate) of its newly
authorized 7% Senior Notes due 2013 in private placements at 99.612% of the
principal amount. In April 2004, the Company sold $100,000,000 principal amount
of its 7% Senior Notes due 2013 in a private placement transaction at 102.191%
of the principal amount. The Company has completed a series of registered
exchange offers for all of these notes that converted the various issues of
privately placed notes into a single issue of publicly registered notes issued
under the same indenture.

In April 2004, the Company sold $350,000,000 principal amount of its 3 3/4%
Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2014 in a private placement
transaction. The notes are convertible into the Company's common shares at
$45.93 per share at any time before their maturity, subject to certain
restrictions contained in the notes, at a conversion rate of 21.7707 shares per
each $1,000 principal amount of notes subject to adjustment (an aggregate of
7,619,745 shares). The Company has a currently effective shelf registration
statement in respect of the notes and the common shares issuable upon conversion
of the notes.

In January 1997, the Company issued 8.65% trust issued preferred securities
("Trups") of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Leucadia Capital Trust I (the
"Trust"). As a result of the implementation of SFAS 150, "Accounting for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity", the
Company began classifying the Trups as liabilities on July 1, 2003, and
classifies dividends accrued for these securities as interest expense. SFAS 150
did not permit restatement of prior period amounts to reflect the new
classification. In 2004, the Company liquidated the Trust and distributed to the
Trups holders the 8.65% Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures held
by the Trust in exchange for their Trups securities. The distribution had no
effect on the total debt of the Company.

Subsidiary Debt:
In September 2004, WilTel refinanced its existing $375,000,000 credit agreement
debt by entering into an amended credit agreement consisting of a $240,000,000
first lien term loan facility, a $120,000,000 second lien term loan facility and
a $25,000,000 revolving credit facility (which it can no longer draw upon, as
discussed below). WilTel also used $90,000,000 of its cash and investments to
repay in full one of the two mortgage notes that was secured by its headquarters
building ($54,600,000 including accrued interest), reduce the amount outstanding
under its credit agreement ($15,000,000), reduce the amount outstanding under
the other note that is collateralized by its headquarters building ($13,300,000)
and pay expenses. The amended credit agreement has not been guaranteed by the
Company and is not collateralized by any of the Company's assets other than the
assets of WilTel.

The first lien term loan facility requires quarterly principal payments of
approximately $632,000 commencing December 31, 2004 through June 30, 2009, and
quarterly principal payments of $57,000,000 thereafter until final maturity on
June 30, 2010. The second lien term loan facility matures on December 31, 2010.
However, if WilTel does not refinance its obligations under the remaining
promissory note that is secured by its headquarters building ($60,300,000
outstanding at December 31, 2004) prior to October 1, 2009, then the first lien
term loan facility will mature on October 1, 2009, and if such promissory note
is not refinanced by January 1, 2010, then the second lien term loan facility
will mature on January 1, 2010. Loans under the credit agreement bear interest
at a variable rate based upon either the prime rate or LIBOR, at WilTel's
option, plus a specified margin for each loan. At December 31, 2004, the amended
credit agreement had a weighted average interest rate of 6.7%. WilTel's
obligations under its amended credit agreement are secured by substantially all
of its assets other than those assets securing its headquarters building, for
which the amended credit agreement lenders have a second priority lien, and its
aircraft capital lease.


                                      F-31
<PAGE>
11. Indebtedness, continued:
    -------------

As discussed in Note 24, in January 2005, SBC announced its intention to migrate
its IP-based and long distance services to the AT&T network. Pursuant to the
terms of WilTel's amended credit agreement, that announcement is considered an
event which could reasonably be expected to have a "material adverse effect" as
defined in the facility, and as a result WilTel can no longer access its
$25,000,000 revolving credit facility. WilTel does not anticipate needing the
$25,000,000 revolving credit facility to meet its present requirements. The
announcement does not have any impact on the $360,000,000 of term loans under
WilTel's amended credit agreement. However, the credit agreement provides for an
event of default if there is any amendment, supplement, modification or
termination of any WilTel contract or agreement that has had or could reasonably
be expected to result in a material adverse effect on WilTel (as defined in the
credit agreement). As discussed above, WilTel is currently engaged in
negotations with SBC with respect with a transition pricing agreement and other
matters which, if successfully concluded, may or may not be deemed an event of
default under the WilTel credit agreement. WilTel intends to enter into
discussions with its lenders before entering into any new definitive agreement
with SBC.

WilTel's amended credit agreement also permitted WilTel to obtain letters of
credit of which $21,000,000 was outstanding at December 31, 2004. However, as a
result of the SBC announcement WilTel will no longer be able to obtain new
letters of credit.

The WilTel amended credit agreement contains covenants that require WilTel to
meet certain operating targets, which it currently meets, and restrictions that
limit WilTel's ability to incur additional indebtedness, spend funds on capital
expenditures and make certain investments. The agreement also prohibits WilTel
from paying dividends to the Company. The Company currently expects that WilTel
will be able to meet the operating targets required by its credit agreement
through 2006; however, compliance with the operating targets thereafter is
uncertain because of SBC's announced intention to migrate its traffic to AT&T's
network.

The remaining OTC Note is fully recourse to WilTel, bears interest at 7% and is
secured by a first priority mortgage lien and security interest in WilTel's
headquarters building (except for network related assets in the building) and
other ancillary assets. The note requires annual principal payments escalating
from approximately $700,000 in 2005 to approximately $1,000,000 in 2009; a final
payment of approximately $56,000,000 is due at maturity in April 2010.

During 2001, a subsidiary of the Company borrowed $53,100,000 secured by certain
of its corporate aircraft. This debt bears interest based on a floating rate,
requires monthly payments of principal and interest and matures in ten years.
The interest rate at December 31, 2004 was 6.4%. The subsidiary has entered into
an interest rate swap agreement for this financing, which fixed the interest
rate at approximately 5.7%. The subsidiary would have paid $2,300,000 and
$3,100,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, if the swap were
terminated. Changes in interest rates in the future will change the amounts to
be received under the agreement, as well as interest to be paid under the
related variable debt obligation. The Parent company has guaranteed this
financing.

Capital leases primarily consist of a sale-leaseback transaction related to
WilTel's corporate aircraft entered into in May 2003. The aircraft were sold for
approximately $21,000,000 in cash and leased back for a period of ten years.
Under the terms of the transaction, approximately $5,300,000 from the cash
proceeds is held as cash collateral by the owner-lessor for the lease, which is
reflected in the balance sheet in other non-current assets. WilTel recorded a
capital lease obligation representing the present value of the future minimum
lease payments during the lease term.

A subsidiary of the Company obtained loan commitments totaling $25,000,000 to
finance the renovation of its Hawaiian hotel. Included in other subsidiary debt
are outstanding borrowings under this facility of $22,400,000 and $23,800,000 at
December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The financing bears interest at a rate
of 8.05% through September 1, 2005, at which time the rate is adjusted based on
the three year treasury index to a new fixed rate through maturity. The
borrowing matures in 2008 and is secured by the hotel but otherwise is
non-recourse to the Company.


                                      F-32
<PAGE>
11. Indebtedness, continued:
    -------------

Symphony has a $50,000,000 revolving credit facility, of which $37,700,000 and
$34,200,000 was outstanding at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, and is
included above in other subsidiary debt. This financing, which is secured by all
of Symphony's assets but otherwise is non-recourse to the Company, matures in
2006 and bears interest based on LIBOR plus 3.85%. At December 31, 2004, the
interest rate on this facility was 6.25%. At December 31, 2003, Symphony was not
in compliance with a financial covenant contained in its $50,000,000 credit
facility but had obtained a waiver from the lender that suspended application of
the covenant until March 31, 2004. Symphony is currently in compliance with the
covenant and expects it will continue to be in compliance in the future.

Included in other subsidiary debt are fixed rate borrowings of the Company's
banking and lending operations of $21,300,000 and $16,600,000 at December 31,
2004 and 2003, respectively. These borrowings are primarily comprised of
repurchase agreements, that at December 31, 2004 have an average term of
approximately 15 days and a weighted average interest rate of 2.4%, and are
secured by mortgage-backed securities that have a book value of $22,100,000 at
December 31, 2004.

Other subsidiary debt also includes a mortgage financing of $20,000,000 obtained
in 2003, which otherwise is non-recourse to the Company, in connection with the
acquisition of a 90% interest in 8 acres of unimproved land in Washington, D.C.
The financing matures in 2005 and bears interest based on LIBOR plus 3%. At
December 31, 2004, the interest rate on this facility was 5.4%.

The Company's debt instruments require maintenance of minimum Tangible Net
Worth, limit distributions to shareholders and limit Indebtedness and Funded
Debt, all as defined in the agreements. In addition, the debt instruments
contain limitations on investments, liens, contingent obligations and certain
other matters. As of December 31, 2004, cash dividends of approximately
$620,900,000 would be eligible to be paid under the most restrictive covenants.

Substantially all of WilTel's assets (with an aggregate book value of
$1,611,700,000) are pledged as collateral under WilTel's debt agreements. All of
Symphony's assets (with an aggregate book value of $65,600,000) are pledged as
collateral under Symphony's debt agreement. Property, equipment and leasehold
improvements of the manufacturing division (with a net book value of $5,400,000)
are pledged as collateral for Industrial Revenue Bonds; and $195,800,000 of
other assets (primarily property) are pledged for other indebtedness aggregating
$112,600,000. In addition, the Industrial Revenue Bond obligation is
collateralized by a letter of credit which is fully collateralized by securities
with a book value of $11,000,000.

Interest rate swap agreements were used to manage the potential impact of
changes in interest rates on customer banking deposits. Under interest rate swap
agreements, the Company had agreed with other parties to pay fixed rate interest
amounts and receive variable rate interest amounts calculated by reference to an
agreed notional amount. The variable interest rate portion of the swaps was a
specified LIBOR interest rate. These interest rate swaps expired in 2003.

Counterparties to interest rate and currency swap agreements are major financial
institutions, that management believes are able to fulfill their obligations.
Management believes any losses due to default by the counterparties are likely
to be immaterial.

The aggregate annual mandatory redemptions of debt during the five year period
ending December 31, 2009 are as follows (in thousands): 2005 - $68,200; 2006 -
$69,400; 2007 - $18,000; 2008 - $24,100; and 2009 - $119,200.


                                      F-33
<PAGE>
11. Indebtedness, continued:
    -------------

At December 31, 2004, customer banking deposits include $8,600,000 aggregate
amount of time deposits in denominations of $100,000 or more.

The weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings (consisting of
customer banking deposits and subsidiary revolving credit agreements) was 4.6%
and 3.4% at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

12. Common Shares, Stock Options and Preferred Shares:
    --------------------------------------------------

The Board of Directors from time to time has authorized acquisitions of the
Company's common shares. In December 1999, the Company's Board of Directors
increased to 6,000,000 the maximum number of shares that the Company is
authorized to purchase. During the three year period ended December 31, 2004,
the Company acquired 7,371 common shares at an average price of $23.89 per
common share, all in connection with employees exercising stock options. At
December 31, 2004, the Company is authorized to repurchase 3,733,148 common
shares.

In December 2002, the Company completed a private placement of approximately
$150,000,000 of equity securities, based on a common share price of $23.50, to
mutual fund clients of Franklin Mutual Advisers, LLC, including the funds
comprising the Franklin Mutual Series Funds. The Company issued 4,361,399 of the
Company's common shares and newly authorized Series A Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock, that were converted into 2,021,580 common shares in March 2003.

The Company has a fixed stock option plan which provides for grants of options
or rights to non-employee directors and certain employees up to a maximum grant
of 450,000 shares to any individual in a given taxable year. The maximum number
of common shares which may be acquired through the exercise of options or rights
under this plan cannot exceed 1,800,000. The plan provides for the issuance of
stock options and stock appreciation rights at not less than the fair market
value of the underlying stock at the date of grant. Options generally become
exercisable in five equal annual instalments starting one year from date of
grant. No stock appreciation rights have been granted.

During the second quarter of 2000, pursuant to shareholder approval, warrants to
purchase 600,000 common shares were issued to each of the Company's Chairman and
President. The warrants were exercisable through May 15, 2005 at an exercise
price of $15.97 per common share (105% of the closing price of a common share on
the date of grant). In June 2004, Joseph S. Steinberg, President of the Company,
sold all of his warrants to Jefferies & Company, Inc. ("Jefferies") based on the
value of $33.33 per Leucadia share. In September 2004, Ian M. Cumming, Chairman
of the Board of the Company, and others (principally family members) sold
warrants to purchase 361,500 of the Company's common shares to Jefferies based
on a value of $36.67 per Leucadia share. Jefferies exercised all of the warrants
during 2004. Additionally, in September 2004, Mr. Cumming and others
(principally family members) exercised warrants to purchase 238,500 shares at an
exercise price of $15.97 per share. During 2004, the Company filed two
registration statements covering the shares owned by Jefferies and each were
effective for a thirty day period.


                                      F-34
<PAGE>
12. Common Shares, Stock Options and Preferred Shares, continued:
    --------------------------------------------------

A summary of activity with respect to the Company's stock options for the three
years ended December 31, 2004 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Common          Weighted                         Available
                                                                    Shares           Average         Options        For Future
                                                                    Subject         Exercise       Exercisable        Option
                                                                   to Option         Prices        at Year-End        Grants
                                                                   ---------         ------        -----------      ----------

<S>                                                            <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>
Balance at January 1, 2002                                          489,600          $15.18          87,995         1,276,125
   Granted                                                          468,750          $20.53        =========        ==========
   Exercised                                                        (69,045)         $15.08
   Cancelled                                                        (59,700)         $16.10
                                                                  ----------
Balance at December 31, 2002                                        829,605          $18.14         122,318           867,075
   Granted                                                            6,000          $25.69        =========        ==========
   Exercised                                                        (78,525)         $16.46
   Cancelled                                                        (27,900)         $19.10
                                                                  ----------

Balance at December 31, 2003                                        729,180          $18.35         228,912           888,975
   Granted                                                          727,500          $43.35        =========         =========
   Exercised                                                       (165,150)         $17.25
   Cancelled                                                        (14,100)         $19.92
                                                                  ----------

Balance at December 31, 2004                                      1,277,430          $32.72         254,430           175,575
                                                                  ----------                      ==========         =========
</TABLE>

The weighted-average fair value of the options granted was $8.29 per share for
2004, $6.29 per share for 2003 and $5.27 per share for 2002 as estimated on the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following
assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 19.1% for 2004, 29.9% for 2003 and 30.3%
for 2002; (2) risk-free interest rates of 3.3% for 2004, 2.3% for 2003 and 3.5%
for 2002; (3) expected lives of 3.7 years for 2004, 4.0 years for 2003 and 3.7
years for 2002; and (4) dividend yields of .4% for 2004, .6% for 2003 and .8%
for 2002.

The following table summarizes information about fixed stock options outstanding
at December 31, 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Options Outstanding                             Options Exercisable
                                    ----------------------------------------------------      ----------------------------
                                      Common              Weighted             Weighted          Common          Weighted
                                      Shares              Average              Average           Shares          Average
  Range of                           Subject             Remaining             Exercise          Subject         Exercise
Exercise Prices                     to Option         Contractual Life           Price          to Option         Price
- ---------------                    -----------        ----------------         ---------       -----------      ----------
<S>                               <C>               <C>                     <C>               <C>              <C>
$15.08 - $15.21                        198,180           1.3 years              $15.10           137,130         $15.10
$20.49                                 336,000           3.5 years              $20.49           110,550         $20.49
$22.09                                   4,875           1.4 years              $22.09             3,375         $22.09
$23.49                                   5,250           2.4 years              $23.49             2,250         $23.49
$25.69                                   5,625           3.4 years              $25.69             1,125         $25.69
$31.12                                   9,000           4.4 years              $31.12               -           $31.12
$43.51                                 718,500           6.0 years              $43.51               -           $43.51

</TABLE>


                                      F-35
<PAGE>
12. Common Shares, Stock Options and Preferred Shares, continued:
    -------------------------------------------------

At December 31, 2004 and 2003, 1,453,005 and 1,618,155, respectively, of the
Company's common shares were reserved for stock options, at December 31, 2004,
7,619,745 of the Company's common shares were reserved for the 3 3/4%
Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes, and at December 31, 2003, 1,200,000 of
the Company's common shares were reserved for warrants.

At December 31, 2004 and 2003, 6,000,000 of preferred shares (redeemable and
non-redeemable), par value $1 per share, were authorized and not issued.

13. Net Securities Gains (Losses):
    -----------------------------

The following summarizes net securities gains (losses) for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2004 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                          <C>               <C>             <C>

                                                                                   2004               2003              2002
                                                                                   ----               ----              ----

Net realized gains (losses) on securities                                      $ 146,953           $  15,762       $   (1,126)
Write-down of investments (a)                                                     (4,589)             (6,485)         (37,053)
Net unrealized gains on trading securities                                           572                 676            1,113
                                                                                ---------          ----------      -----------

                                                                               $ 142,936           $   9,953       $  (37,066)
                                                                                =========          ==========      ===========
</TABLE>

(a) Includes a provision to write down investments in certain available for sale
securities in 2004, 2003 and 2002, an investment in a non-public security in
2003 and an equity investment in a non-public fund in 2002.

Proceeds from sales of investments classified as available for sale were
$1,460,200,000, $683,700,000 and $649,000,000 during 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. Gross gains of $142,300,000, $17,700,000 and $20,500,000 and gross
losses of $1,600,000, $2,100,000 and $21,000,000 were realized on these sales
during 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.



                                      F-36
<PAGE>
14. Other Results of Operations Information:
    ---------------------------------------

Investment and other income for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2004 consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>             <C>              <C>

                                                                                       2004             2003            2002
                                                                                       ----             ----            ----

Interest on short-term investments                                                $    4,974        $    3,171      $    7,626
Dividend income                                                                       10,592             3,411           3,436
Interest on fixed maturities                                                          26,023            13,700          17,604
Interest on notes receivable                                                             989             4,692           5,102
Other investment income                                                                2,717             3,641           4,864
Gains on sale and foreclosure of real estate and other assets,
   net of costs                                                                       46,878            24,347          39,320
Gains on sale of loan portfolios                                                      16,304               -               -
Income related to the settlement of litigation for less than amounts
   reserved                                                                           18,549               -               -
Rental income                                                                         23,176            20,123          15,211
MK Resources product and service income                                                  993             1,441           4,841
Refund of foreign taxes, not based on income, including accrued
   interest                                                                             -                5,295          -
Winery revenues                                                                       13,840            13,839          16,433
Other                                                                                 39,838            33,971          19,230
                                                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------

                                                                                  $  204,873        $  127,631      $  133,667
                                                                                  ===========       ===========     ===========
</TABLE>

Taxes, other than income or payroll, amounted to $23,900,000, $6,600,000 and
$3,400,000 for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Advertising costs amounted to $5,400,000, $2,100,000 and $1,400,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.



                                      F-37
<PAGE>
15. Income Taxes:
    ------------

The principal components of deferred taxes at December 31, 2004 and 2003 are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>              <C>

                                                                                        2004             2003
                                                                                        ----             ----

Deferred Tax Asset:
   Securities valuation reserves                                                 $     42,712      $    116,449
   Property and equipment                                                             591,788           680,039
   Deferred revenue                                                                    79,305            78,666
   Other assets                                                                        87,083            88,126
   NOL carryover                                                                    1,456,870         1,296,156
   Other liabilities                                                                   79,311           114,765
                                                                                 -------------     -------------
                                                                                    2,337,069         2,374,201
   Valuation allowance                                                             (2,185,275)       (2,237,753)
                                                                                 -------------     -------------
                                                                                      151,794           136,448
                                                                                 -------------     -------------
Deferred Tax Liability:
   Unrealized gains on investments                                                    (82,662)          (85,253)
   Depreciation                                                                       (24,293)          (25,273)
   Other                                                                              (44,839)          (25,922)
                                                                                 -------------     -------------
                                                                                     (151,794)         (136,448)
                                                                                 -------------     -------------

   Net deferred tax liability                                                    $       -         $       -
                                                                                 =============     =============
</TABLE>

As of December 31, 2004, the Company had consolidated federal NOLs of
$356,000,000, none of which expire prior to 2023, that may be used to offset the
taxable income of any member of the Company's consolidated tax group. WilTel has
$3,549,000,000 of federal NOLs, none of which expire prior to 2019, $45,000,000
of capital loss carryforwards, which expire in 2005 through 2007, and
$28,000,000 of foreign NOLs and various state NOLs that expire in various years.
The potential benefit from the capital loss carryforwards and the foreign NOLs
are not reflected in the table above, since the Company does not expect it will
be able to use them before they expire. In addition, at December 31, 2004,
WebLink had $140,000,000 of federal NOLs, none of which expire prior to 2023.
All of WilTel's and WebLink's NOLs and capital loss carryforwards are only
available to offset the federal taxable income of WilTel and WebLink and each of
their respective subsidiaries. However, WilTel also has substantial other tax
attributes and substantial deductions (primarily depreciation deductions), some
of which are also available to offset the federal taxable income of the Company
and its other subsidiaries. Uncertainties that may affect the utilization of the
Company's tax attributes include future operating results, tax law changes, the
amount of WilTel deductions that are available to offset the income of other
members of the Company's consolidated tax return, rulings by taxing authorities
regarding whether certain transactions are taxable or deductible and expiration
of carryforward periods.

The Company established a valuation allowance that fully reserved for all of
WilTel's net deferred tax assets, reduced by an amount equal to the Company's
current and deferred federal income tax liabilities as of the date of
acquisition. The Company needed to establish the valuation allowance because, on
a pro forma combined basis, the Company is not able to demonstrate that it is
more likely than not that it will be able to realize the deferred tax asset.
Subsequent to the acquisition of WilTel, any benefit realized from WilTel's
deferred tax asset reduces the valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset;
however, that reduction is first applied to reduce the carrying


                                      F-38
<PAGE>
15. Income Taxes, continued:
    -------------

amount of the acquired non-current intangible assets of WilTel rather than
reduce the income tax provision of any component of total comprehensive income.
During 2004, $22,300,000 of the reduction in the valuation allowance reduced the
carrying amount of WilTel's non-current intangible assets to zero. The remaining
reduction in the valuation allowance results from a federal income tax carryback
refund of $3,900,000 and the Company's use of WilTel's tax attributes to offset
the federal income tax provision that would have otherwise been recorded during
2004.

In future periods, the Company does not expect it will reflect a net federal
income tax expense or benefit for total comprehensive income in the aggregate
until such time as the Company is able to reduce its valuation allowance and
recognize a net deferred tax asset. Each component of other comprehensive income
may reflect either a federal income tax provision or benefit in future periods,
depending upon the relative amounts of each component; however, in the aggregate
for all components the Company does not expect to report any net federal income
tax expense or benefit for the foreseeable future.

Under certain circumstances, the ability to use the NOLs and future deductions
could be substantially reduced if certain changes in ownership were to occur. In
order to reduce this possibility, the Company's certificate of incorporation
includes a charter restriction, which prohibits transfers of the Company's
common stock under certain circumstances.

The provision (benefit) for income taxes for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2004 was as follows, excluding amounts allocated to
equity in associated companies, trust preferred securities and discontinued
operations (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                          <C>                <C>              <C>

                                                                                     2004                2003             2002
                                                                                     ----                ----             ----

State income taxes                                                             $     3,418        $      (940)    $        686
Federal income taxes:
   Current                                                                         (31,143)           (18,925)        (116,763)
   Deferred                                                                          7,242            (23,750)         (28,048)
Foreign income taxes (currently payable)                                               291                173               50
                                                                               ------------       ------------    -------------

                                                                               $   (20,192)       $   (43,442)    $   (144,075)
                                                                               ============       ============    =============

The table below reconciles the expected statutory federal income tax to the
actual income tax benefit (in thousands):

                                                                                     2004               2003             2002
                                                                                     ----               ----             ----

Expected federal income tax                                                    $    19,350        $   (11,114)    $    (13,700)
State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit                                2,222                545              446
Resolution of tax contingencies                                                    (27,300)           (24,407)        (119,778)
Recognition of additional tax benefits                                               -                 (6,998)          (9,360)
Permanent differences                                                               (5,700)               -                -
Federal income tax carryback refund                                                 (3,858)               -                -
Recognition of acquired WilTel federal tax benefits                                 (6,481)               -                -
Other                                                                                1,575             (1,468)          (1,683)
                                                                               ------------       ------------    -------------

   Actual income tax benefit                                                   $   (20,192)       $   (43,442)    $   (144,075)
                                                                               ============       ============    =============
</TABLE>


                                      F-39
<PAGE>
15. Income Taxes, continued:
    -------------

Reflected above as recognition of additional tax benefits and resolution of tax
contingencies are reductions to the Company's income tax provision for the
favorable resolution of certain federal and state income tax contingencies. The
Internal Revenue Service has completed its audit of the Company's consolidated
federal income tax returns for the years 1996 through 1999, without any material
payment required from the Company.

The statute of limitations with respect to all years through 2000 has expired.
Prior to May 2001, WilTel was included in the consolidated federal income tax
return of its former parent, The Williams Companies Inc. ("Williams"). Pursuant
to a tax settlement agreement between WilTel and Williams, WilTel has no
liability for any audit adjustments made to Williams' consolidated tax returns;
however, adjustments to Williams' prior years tax returns could affect certain
of WilTel's tax attributes that impact the calculation of alternative minimum
taxable income.

16. Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits:
    -----------------------------------------

The information presented below for defined benefit pension plans and
postretirement benefits is presented separately for the Company and WilTel. The
Company presents the information separately since WilTel still has some active
participants in its plan and its investment strategies, assumptions and results
are significantly different than those of the Company.

The Company:
Prior to 1999, the Company maintained defined benefit pension plans covering
employees of certain units who also met age and service requirements. Effective
December 31, 1998, the Company froze its defined benefit pension plans. A
summary of activity with respect to the Company's defined benefit pension plan
for 2004 and 2003 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>             <C>

                                                                                       2004             2003
                                                                                       ----             ----

Projected Benefit Obligation:
   Projected benefit obligation at January 1,                                     $   55,079         $  52,482
   Interest cost (a)                                                                   3,173             3,299
   Actuarial loss                                                                      5,263             4,536
   Benefits paid                                                                      (5,229)           (5,238)
                                                                                  -----------        ----------

       Projected benefit obligation at December 31,                               $   58,286         $  55,079
                                                                                  ===========        ==========

Change in Plan Assets:
   Fair value of plan assets at January 1,                                        $   52,444         $  45,905
   Actual return on plan assets                                                          555             1,891
   Employer contributions                                                                 -             10,000
   Benefits paid                                                                      (5,229)           (5,238)
   Administrative expenses                                                              (127)             (114)
                                                                                  -----------        ----------

       Fair value of plan assets at December 31,                                  $   47,643         $  52,444
                                                                                  ===========        ==========

Funded Status                                                                     $  (10,643)        $  (2,635)
   Unrecognized prior service cost                                                        50                53
   Unrecognized net loss from experience differences and
     assumption changes                                                               20,651            15,253
                                                                                  -----------        ----------

       Net amount recognized                                                      $   10,058         $  12,671
                                                                                  ===========        ==========

</TABLE>

(a) Includes charges to expense of $800,000 and $1,100,000 for 2004 and 2003,
respectively, relating to discontinued operations obligations.


                                      F-40
<PAGE>
16. Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:
    ------------------------------------------

As of December 31, 2004 and 2003, $20,700,000 and $15,300,000, respectively, of
the net amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheet was reflected as a
charge to accumulated other comprehensive income and $10,600,000 and $2,600,000,
respectively, was reflected as accrued pension cost. Since the Company froze its
defined benefit pension plan, the accumulated benefit obligation is the same as
the projected benefit obligation. No contributions are expected to be made in
2005 related to the Company's defined benefit pension plan.

Pension expense related to the defined benefit pension plan charged to
operations included the following components (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>             <C>             <C>

                                                                                       2004             2003            2002
                                                                                       ----             ----            ----

Interest cost                                                                     $   2,191         $   2,247       $   2,361
Expected return on plan assets                                                       (1,019)           (1,947)         (1,947)
Actuarial loss                                                                          652               258              76
Amortization of prior service cost                                                        3                 3               3
                                                                                  ----------        ----------      ----------

     Net pension expense                                                          $   1,827         $     561       $     493
                                                                                  ==========        ==========      ==========

</TABLE>

At December 31, 2004, the plan's assets consist of U.S. government and agency
bonds (43%), investment grade bonds (28%) and cash equivalents (29%). At
December 31, 2003, the plan's assets consisted of U.S. government and agencies
bonds (72%), investment grade bonds (26%) and cash equivalents (2%).

The defined benefit pension plan assets are invested in short-term investment
grade fixed income investments in order to maximize the value of its invested
assets by minimizing exposure to changes in market interest rates. This
investment strategy provides the Company with more flexibility in managing the
plan should interest rates rise and result in a decrease in the discounted value
of benefit obligations. The current investment strategy only permits investments
in investment grade securities, and a final average maturity target for the
portfolio of one and one-half years and a one year maximum duration.

To develop the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets, the Company considered the following underlying assumptions: 2% current
expected inflation, 1% real rate of return for risk-free investments (primarily
U.S. government and agency bonds) for the target duration and .25% default risk
premium for the portion of the portfolio invested in non-U.S. government and
agency bonds. The combination of these underlying assumptions resulted in the
selection of the 3.25% expected long-term rate of return assumption for 2004.
Because pension expense includes the cost of expected plan administrative
expenses, the 3.25% assumption is not reduced for such expenses.

Several subsidiaries provide certain health care and other benefits to certain
retired employees under plans which are currently unfunded. The Company pays the
cost of postretirement benefits as they are incurred. Amounts charged to expense
were not material in each of the three years ended December 31, 2004.


                                      F-41
<PAGE>
16. Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:
    ------------------------------------------

A summary of activity with respect to the Company's postretirement plans for
2004 and 2003 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>               <C>

                                                                                       2004              2003
                                                                                       ----              ----

Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at January 1,                          $ 4,422          $  5,250
Interest cost                                                                            277               289
Contributions by plan participants                                                       155               168
Actuarial (gain) loss                                                                    732               (30)
Benefits paid                                                                           (871)             (871)
Plan amendments                                                                          -                (384)
                                                                                     --------         ---------

   Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31,                       4,715             4,422
Unrecognized prior service cost                                                          476               588
Unrecognized net actuarial gain                                                          922             1,757
                                                                                     --------         ---------

   Accrued postretirement benefit obligation                                         $ 6,113          $  6,767
                                                                                     ========         =========
</TABLE>

The Company expects to spend $400,000 on postretirement benefits during 2005. At
December 31, 2004, the assumed health care cost trend rate for 2005 used in
measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation is 10% and, at
December 31, 2003, such rate for 2004 was 11.5%. At December 31, 2004 and 2003,
the assumed health care cost trend rates were assumed to decline to an ultimate
rate of 5.0% by 2013. If the health care cost trend rates were increased or
decreased by 1%, the accumulated postretirement obligation as of December 31,
2004 would have increased or decreased by $200,000. The effect of these changes
on interest cost for 2004 would be immaterial.

The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for its plans. The assumptions
used relating to the defined benefit plan and postretirement plans are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<C>                                                     <C>         <C>            <C>            <C>

                                                             Pension Benefits               Other Benefits
                                                             ----------------               --------------
                                                            2004          2003           2004            2003
                                                            ----          ----           ----            ----
Discount rate used to determine
   benefit obligation at December 31,                       5.25%          5.75%          5.25%          6.00%
Weighted-average assumptions used
   to determine net cost for years ended
   December 31:
       Discount rate                                        5.75%          6.50%          6.00%          6.50%
       Expected long-term return on plan assets             3.25%          6.50%            N/A            N/A


The following benefit payments are expected to be paid (in thousands):

                                                             Pension Benefits                Other Benefits
                                                             ----------------                --------------

           2005                                                $   4,002                     $     446
           2006                                                    4,359                           459
           2007                                                    4,203                           454
           2008                                                    4,426                           450
           2009                                                    4,552                           454
           2010 - 2014                                            21,224                         1,964

</TABLE>

                                      F-42
<PAGE>
16. Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:
    ------------------------------------------

WilTel:

WilTel maintains defined benefit pension plans and a postretirement plan
covering certain employees who met certain age and service requirements.
Employees hired subsequent to April 2001 are not eligible to participate in
WilTel's defined benefit pension plan. Employees hired subsequent to December
31, 1991 are not eligible to participate in WilTel's postretirement benefits
plan. A summary of activity with respect to WilTel's defined benefit pension
plan for 2004 and for the period from November 6, 2003 (date of acquisition)
through December 31, 2003 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>              <C>
                                                                                                       November 6, 2003
                                                                                       2004          to December 31, 2003
                                                                                       ----          --------------------
Projected Benefit Obligation:
   Projected benefit obligation at beginning of period                           $   129,912            $   120,151
   Interest cost                                                                       7,829                  1,075
   Service cost                                                                        3,980                    575
   Actuarial loss                                                                      9,112                  8,661
   Benefits paid                                                                      (2,945)                  (550)
                                                                                 ------------           ------------

       Projected benefit obligation at December 31,                              $   147,888            $   129,912
                                                                                 ============           ============

Change in Plan Assets:
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period                              $    67,761            $    65,126
   Actual return on plan assets                                                        6,002                  3,185
   Employer contributions                                                              3,783                   -
   Benefits paid                                                                      (2,945)                  (550)
                                                                                 ------------           ------------

       Fair value of plan assets at December 31,                                 $    74,601            $    67,761
                                                                                 ============           ============

Funded Status                                                                    $   (73,287)           $   (62,151)
   Unrecognized net actuarial loss                                                    14,572                  6,117
                                                                                 ------------           ------------

       Net amount recognized                                                     $   (58,715)           $   (56,034)
                                                                                 ============           ============

The accumulated benefit obligation for WilTel's defined benefit plan was
$147,600,000 and $129,500,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. As of
December 31, 2004 and 2003, $14,300,000 and $5,700,000, respectively, of the net
amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheet was reflected as a charge to
accumulated other comprehensive income and $73,000,000 and $61,700,000,
respectively, was reflected as accrued pension cost.

Employer contributions expected to be paid to the plan in 2005 are $21,700,000.

WilTel's pension expense for 2004 and for the period from November 6, 2003 (date
of acquisition) through December 31, 2003 related to the defined benefit pension
plan charged to operations included the following components (in thousands):
                                                                                                      November 6, 2003
                                                                                       2004         to December 31, 2003
                                                                                       ----         --------------------

Interest cost                                                                     $   7,829               $   1,075
Service cost                                                                          3,980                     575
Expected return on plan assets                                                       (5,391)                   (640)
Actuarial loss                                                                           46                     -
                                                                                  ----------              ----------

     Net pension expense                                                          $   6,464               $   1,010
                                                                                  ==========              ==========
</TABLE>


                                      F-43
<PAGE>
16.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:
     ------------------------------------------

WilTel's plans' assets consist of equity securities (71%), debt securities (19%)
and cash equivalents (10%) at December 31, 2004. At December 31, 2003, the
plans' assets consisted of equity securities (77%), debt securities (17%) and
mutual funds (6%).

The investment objectives of WilTel's plan emphasize long-term capital
appreciation as a primary source of return and current income as a supplementary
source.

WilTel's target allocation is as follows:

                                                  Interim        Long-term
                                                   Target           Target
                                                   ------           ------
     Equity securities:
       Large cap stocks                              36%             40%
       Small cap stocks                              18%             10%
       International stocks                          21%             20%
                                                   -----           -----
           Total equity securities                   75%             70%
       Fixed income/bonds                            25%             30%
                                                   -----           -----
            Total                                   100%            100%
                                                   =====           =====

The interim target was established in order to balance speed and caution in
transitioning to the long-term allocations, lowering the risk of selling low and
buying high and shifting the portfolio to the long-term targets under the right
market conditions.

Investment performance objectives are based upon a benchmark index or mix of
indices over a market cycle. The investment strategy designates certain
investment restrictions for domestic equities, international equities and fixed
income securities. These restrictions include the following:

     o    For domestic equities, there will generally be no more than 5% of any
          manager's portfolio at market in any one company and no more than 150%
          of any one sector of the appropriate index for any manager's
          portfolio. Restrictions are also designated on outstanding market
          value of any one company at 5% for large to medium equities and 8% for
          small to medium equities.

     o    For international equities, there will be no more than 8% in any one
          company in a manager's portfolio, no fewer than three countries in a
          manager's portfolio, no more than 10% of the portfolio in countries
          not represented in the EAFE index, no more than 150% of any one sector
          of the appropriate index and no currency hedging is permitted.

     o    Fixed income securities will all be rated BBB- or better at the time
          of purchase, there will be no more than 8% at market in any one
          security (U.S. government and agency positions excluded), no more than
          a 30-year maturity in any one security and investments in standard
          collateralized mortgage obligations are limited to securities that are
          currently paying interest, receiving principal, do not contain
          leverage and are limited to 10% of the market value of the portfolio.

To develop the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets, WilTel considered historical returns and future expectations, including
a more conservative expectation of future returns and asset allocation targets
as WilTel's closed participant population grows closer to retirement age. Based
on this information, a 7.0% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets was
selected for 2004 and 2003.

A summary of activity with respect to WilTel's postretirement plans for 2004 and
for the period from November 6, 2003 (date of acquisition) through December 31,
2003 is as follows (in thousands):

                                      F-44


<PAGE>
16. Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:
    ------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                             <C>             <C>
                                                                                                       November 6, 2003
                                                                                        2004         to December 31, 2003
                                                                                        ----         --------------------

Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at beginning of period                 $  1,784            $   1,442
Interest cost                                                                              87                   13
Service cost                                                                               92                   18
Contributions by plan participants                                                         17                    3
Actuarial (gain) loss                                                                    (239)                 315
Benefits paid                                                                            (137)                  (7)
                                                                                     ---------           ----------

   Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31,                        1,604                1,784
Unrecognized net actuarial loss                                                           (76)                (315)
                                                                                     ---------           ----------

   Accrued postretirement benefit obligation                                         $  1,528            $   1,469
                                                                                     =========           ==========
</TABLE>

WilTel's postretirement benefit expense was not material for 2004 and for the
period from date of acquisition through December 31, 2003.

WilTel's cash cost for its postretirement plan during 2005 is not expected to be
material.

The health care cost trend rate assumed for 2005 is 8.8% to 10.8% and 2004 is
12%, declining to an ultimate rate of 5% by 2013. If the health care cost trend
rates were increased or decreased by 1%, WilTel's accumulated postretirement
obligation as of December 31, 2004 would have increased or decreased by $300,000
and $200,000, respectively. The effect of these changes on the aggregate of
service and interest cost for 2004 would be immaterial.

WilTel uses a December 31 measurement date for its plans. The assumptions used
relating to WilTel's defined benefit plan and postretirement plan for 2004 and
2003 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Pension Benefits               Other Benefits
                                                                      ----------------               --------------
Weighted-average assumptions used to determine                     2004            2003            2004           2003
- ----------------------------------------------                     ----            ----            ----           ----
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>
Weighted-average assumptions used to determine
   benefit obligation at December 31:
       Discount rate                                               5.75%          6.00%            5.75%          6.00%
       Rate of compensation increase                               3.50%          3.50%             N/A            N/A
Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net
  cost for the period ended December 31:
       Discount rate                                               6.00%          6.25%            6.00%          6.25%
       Expected long-term return on plan assets                    7.00%          7.00%             N/A            N/A
       Rate of compensation increase                               3.50%          3.50%             N/A            N/A

</TABLE>

The following pension benefit payments, which reflect expected future service,
as appropriate, are expected to be paid (in thousands):


                 2005                       $     2,151
                 2006                             2,555
                 2007                             2,730
                 2008                             2,385
                 2009                             2,881
                 2010 - 2014                     19,601


                                      F-45
<PAGE>
16. Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:
    ------------------------------------------

The expected benefit payments for its post retirement plan during that ten year
period are not expected to be material.

The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (including WilTel) have defined
contribution pension plans covering certain employees. Contributions and costs
are a percent of each covered employee's salary. Amounts charged to expense
related to such plans were $7,200,000, $2,200,000 and $1,600,000 for the years
ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

17.  Commitments:
     -----------

The Company and its subsidiaries rent office space and office equipment under
noncancellable operating leases with terms varying principally from one to
twenty years. In addition, WilTel enters into noncancellable operating leases
for rights of way along its fiber network, network centers and off-network
capacity. Rental expense (net of sublease rental income and unfavorable contract
amortization) was $85,800,000 in 2004, $14,000,000 in 2003 and $5,200,000 in
2002. Future minimum annual rentals (exclusive of month-to-month leases, real
estate taxes, maintenance and certain other charges) under these leases at
December 31, 2004 are as follows (in thousands):

               2005                                               $    60,400
               2006                                                    53,500
               2007                                                    50,800
               2008                                                    44,000
               2009                                                    36,200
               Thereafter                                             299,300
                                                                  ------------
                                                                      544,200
               Less:  sublease income                                  (6,300)
                                                                  ------------
                                                                  $   537,900
                                                                  ============

In connection with the sale of certain subsidiaries and certain non-recourse
financings, the Company has made or guaranteed the accuracy of certain
representations. No material loss is expected in connection with such matters.

Pursuant to an agreement that was entered into before the Company sold CDS to
HomeFed in 2002, the Company agreed to provide project improvement bonds for the
San Elijo Hills project. These bonds, which are for the benefit of the City of
San Marcos, California and other government agencies are required prior to the
commencement of any development at the project. CDS is responsible for paying
all third party fees related to obtaining the bonds. Should the City or others
draw on the bonds for any reason, CDS and one of its subsidiaries would be
obligated to reimburse the Company for the amount drawn. At December 31, 2004,
$28,200,000 was outstanding under these bonds, $27,700,000 of which expires in
2005 and the remainder thereafter.

Sales to SBC accounted for 70% of 2004 and 66% of 2003 Network operating
revenues included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. See
Note 24 for further information with respect to WilTel's relationship with SBC.

WilTel is prohibited and Symphony is limited by debt agreements in the amount of
dividends and other transfers of funds that are available to the Company. The
banking and lending subsidiary is limited by regulatory requirements and
agreements in the amount of dividends and other transfers of funds that are
available to the Company. Principally as a result of such restrictions, the net
assets of these subsidiaries which are subject to limitations on transfer of
funds to the Company were approximately $599,100,000 at December 31, 2004.


                                      F-46
<PAGE>
18. Litigation:
    ----------

The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to legal proceedings that are
considered to be either ordinary, routine litigation incidental to their
business or not material to the Company's consolidated financial position. The
Company does not believe that any of the foregoing actions will have a material
adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, consolidated results of
operations or liquidity.

WilTel is a party to various legal actions and claims, and has reserved
$21,500,000 for the satisfaction of all litigation. Certain of these actions
relate to the rights of way licensed to WilTel in connection with the
installation of its fiber-optic cable and seek damages from WilTel for failure
to obtain all necessary landowner consents. Additional right of way claims may
be asserted against WilTel. The Company does not believe that the ultimate
resolution of all claims, legal actions and complaints will have a material
adverse effect upon WilTel's results of operations, although unfavorable
outcomes could significantly impact WilTel's liquidity. During 2004, WilTel
settled litigation for a cash payment of $5,000,000; the $18,500,000 excess of
the reserved amount over the amount paid was recognized as other income.

19. Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share:
    --------------------------------

For the year ended December 31, 2004, the numerators for basic and diluted per
share computations for income from continuing operations were $152,000,000 and
$158,200,000, respectively. The calculation for diluted earnings (loss) per
share assumes the 3 3/4% Convertible Notes had been converted into common shares
for the periods they were outstanding and earnings increased for the interest on
such notes, net of the income tax effect ($6,200,000).

For the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, there were no differences in the
numerators for the basic and diluted per share computations for income from
continuing operations. These numerators were $85,900,000 and $154,100,000 for
2003 and 2002, respectively. The denominators for basic per share computations
were 106,692,000, 91,896,000 and 83,501,000 for 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. The denominators for diluted per share computations reflect the
dilutive effect of 779,000, 656,000 and 524,000 options and warrants for 2004,
2003 and 2002, respectively (the treasury stock method was used for these
calculations), and 5,275,000 shares related to the 3 3/4% Convertible Notes for
2004. Due to the nature of their rights and their nominal liquidation value, the
Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred shares were treated as common shares
and were included in the denominator for basic and diluted per share
computations for 2002.

20. Fair Value of Financial Instruments:
    -----------------------------------

The following table presents fair value information about certain financial
instruments, whether or not recognized on the balance sheet. Fair values are
determined as described below. These techniques are significantly affected by
the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash
flows. The fair value amounts presented do not purport to represent and should
not be considered representative of the underlying "market" or franchise value
of the Company. The methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair values of
each class of the financial instruments described below are as follows:

(a) Investments: The fair values of marketable equity securities, fixed
maturity securities and investments held for trading purposes (which include
securities sold not owned) are substantially based on quoted market prices, as
disclosed in Note 6.

(b) Cash and cash equivalents: For cash equivalents, the carrying amount
approximates fair value.

(c) Notes receivables: The fair values of variable rate notes receivable are
estimated to be the carrying amount.


                                      F-47
<PAGE>
20. Fair Value of Financial Instruments, continued:
    ------------------------------------

(d) Loan receivables of banking and lending subsidiaries: At December 31, 2004,
the carrying amount approximates fair value. At December 31, 2003, the fair
value of loan receivables of the banking and lending subsidiaries is estimated
by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar
loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the same
remaining maturities.

(e) Customer banking deposits: The fair value of customer banking deposits is
estimated using rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining
maturities.

(f) Long-term and other indebtedness: The fair values of non-variable rate debt
are estimated using quoted market prices and estimated rates which would be
available to the Company for debt with similar terms. The fair value of variable
rate debt is estimated to be the carrying amount.

(g) Derivative instruments: The fair values of the interest rate swap and
currency rate swap agreements are based on rates currently available for similar
agreements.

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company's financial
instruments at December 31, 2004 and 2003 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2004                                2003
                                                               ----                                ----
                                                    Carrying            Fair            Carrying             Fair
                                                     Amount             Value            Amount              Value
                                                     ------             -----            ------              -----

<S>                                             <C>              <C>               <C>               <C>
Financial Assets:
   Investments:
     Current                                     $  1,106,322       $  1,106,322    $    714,363        $   714,363
     Non-current                                      726,782            726,782         673,742            673,742
   Cash and cash equivalents                          486,948            486,948         214,390            214,390
   Notes receivable:
     Current                                            1,697              1,697           2,283              2,283
     Non-current                                            -              -              16,142             16,142
   Loan receivables of banking and lending
   subsidiaries, net of allowance:
     Current                                            1,733              1,733          19,803             21,086
     Non-current                                        1,625              1,625         161,413            174,376

Financial Liabilities:
   Customer banking deposits:
     Current                                           18,472             18,658         103,331            104,904
     Non-current                                        6,119              6,251          42,201             44,004
   Debt:
     Current                                           68,237             68,639          23,956             23,988
     Non-current                                    1,483,504          1,596,752       1,154,878          1,158,701
   Securities sold not owned                           50,569             50,569          48,816             48,816

Derivative Instruments:
   Interest rate swaps                                 (2,342)            (2,342)         (3,079)            (3,079)
   Foreign currency swaps                              (5,878)            (5,878)         (4,943)            (4,943)

</TABLE>


                                      F-48
<PAGE>
21. Concentration of Credit Risk:
    ----------------------------

As of December 31, 2004 and 2003, accounts receivable due from SBC, WilTel's
largest customer, represented approximately 28.9% and 32.2%, respectively, of
the Company's trade receivables. For 2004 and for the period from date of
acquisition of WilTel through December 31, 2003, telecommunications revenues
relating to SBC represented approximately 46% and 26%, respectively, of the
Company's total revenues and other income.

22. Segment Information:
    -------------------

The Company's reportable segments consist of its operating units, which offer
different products and services and are managed separately. The Company's
telecommunications business is conducted by WilTel and contains two segments,
Network and Vyvx. Network owns or leases and operates a nationwide fiber optic
network over which it provides a variety of telecommunications services. Vyvx
transmits audio and video programming over the network and distributes
advertising media in physical and electronic form. The Company's other segments
include healthcare services, manufacturing, banking and lending and domestic
real estate. Healthcare services primarily include the provision of physical,
occupational, speech and respiratory therapy services, healthcare staffing
services and Medicare consulting services. Manufacturing operations manufacture
and market lightweight plastic netting used for a variety of purposes. Banking
and lending operations historically made collateralized personal automobile
instalment loans to individuals who had difficulty obtaining credit, at interest
rates above those charged to individuals with good credit histories. The banking
and lending segment has ceased originating any new loans and in 2004 sold 97% of
its remaining outstanding loans to a third party. The Company's domestic real
estate operations consist of a variety of commercial properties, residential
land development projects and other unimproved land, all in various stages of
development and all available for sale. Other operations primarily consist of
winery operations and development of a copper mine.

Associated companies include equity interests in entities that the Company
accounts for on the equity method of accounting. Prior to the acquisition of the
outstanding common stock of WilTel that it didn't already own in November 2003,
the Company accounted for its 47.4% interest in WilTel as an associated company.
Other investments in associated companies include Olympus, Berkadia, HomeFed,
JPOF II and EagleRock. Both JPOF II and EagleRock are entities engaged in
investing and/or securities transactions activities.

Corporate assets primarily consist of investments and cash and cash equivalents
and corporate revenues primarily consist of investment income and securities
gains and losses. Corporate assets, revenues, overhead expenses and interest
expense are not allocated to the operating units. The Company has a
manufacturing facility located in Belgium and an interest, through MK Resources,
in a copper deposit in Spain. WilTel owns or has the right to use certain cable
systems which connect its U.S. domestic network to foreign countries, and has
the right to use wavelengths in Europe which it is currently not using. These
are the only entities with non-U.S. revenue or assets that the Company
consolidates, and they are not material. In addition to its investment in
Bermuda-based Olympus, the Company owns 36% of the electric utility in Barbados.
From time to time the Company invests in the securities of non-U.S. entities or
in investment partnerships that invest in non-U.S. securities.

Except for the telecommunications segments of WilTel, the primary measure of
segment operating results and profitability used by the Company is income (loss)
from continuing operations before income taxes, minority expense of trust
preferred securities and equity in income (losses) of associated companies. For
WilTel's segments, segment profit from operations is the primary performance
measure of segment operating results and profitability. WilTel defines segment
profit from operations as income before income taxes, interest expense,
investment income, depreciation and amortization expense and other non-operating
income and expense.

The following information reconciles segment profit from operations of the
Network and Vyvx segments to the most comparable GAAP measure which is used for
all other reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2004 and for the
period from November 6, 2003 through December 31, 2003 (in millions):


                                      F-49
<PAGE>
22. Segment Information, continued:
    --------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            For the period from
                                                           For the year ended               November 6, 2003 to
                                                           December 31, 2004                 December 31, 2003
                                                           -----------------                 -----------------

                                                         Network           Vyvx           Network            Vyvx
                                                         -------           ----           -------            ----
<S>                                                  <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>
Segment profit from operations (1)                     $   117.8        $   30.3        $   13.3          $   4.1
Depreciation and amortization expense                     (197.4)           (9.1)          (37.2)            (2.0)
Interest expense, net of investment income (2)             (26.0)           (2.1)           (4.0)             (.1)
Other non-operating income, net (2)                         27.2             2.7             1.8               .5
                                                        ---------       ---------       ---------         ---------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
   income taxes, minority expense of trust preferred
   securities and equity in income (losses) of
   associated companies (3)                             $  (78.4)       $   21.8        $  (26.1)         $    2.5
                                                        =========       =========       =========         =========

</TABLE>

(1)  See note (d) to segment information below.

(2)  If items in these categories cannot be directly attributed to a particular
     WilTel segment, they are allocated to each segment based upon a formula
     that considers each segment's revenues, property and equipment and
     headcount.

(3)  For 2004, includes income of $18,500,000 related to the settlement of
     litigation for less than amounts reserved, income of $6,000,000 related to
     the sale of an equity security which had a zero book value, gains of
     $3,500,000 related to cash and securities received in excess of the book
     value of secured claims in customers' bankruptcy, and income of $2,300,000
     related to the reversal of excess reserves for long-term commitments.

Certain information concerning the Company's segments for 2004, 2003 and 2002 is
presented in the following table. Consolidated subsidiaries are reflected as of
the date of acquisition, which for WilTel's segments was November 2003 and for
Symphony's healthcare services segment was September 2003. Associated Companies
are only reflected in the table below under identifiable assets employed.



                                      F-50
<PAGE>
22. Segment Information, continued:
    --------------------

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                              <C>             <C>              <C>

                                                                                        2004            2003            2002
                                                                                        ----            ----            ----
                                                                                                    (In millions)
Revenues and other income (a):
   Network (b)                                                                       $   1,518.9     $    218.4       $      -
   Vyvx                                                                                    123.6           21.2              -
   Healthcare Services                                                                     258.4           71.1              -
   Banking and Lending                                                                      30.8           62.3             95.9
   Manufacturing                                                                            64.4           54.1             51.0
   Domestic Real Estate                                                                     63.5           50.4             47.2
   Other Operations                                                                         40.0           33.3             45.8
   Corporate (c)                                                                           180.9           42.5             (4.7)
   Intersegment elimination (d)                                                            (18.4)          (4.3)             -
                                                                                     ------------    ------------     ------------


       Total consolidated revenues and other income                                  $   2,262.1     $    549.0       $    235.2
                                                                                     ============    ============     ============

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, minority expense
  of trust preferred securities and equity in income of associated companies:
   Network (d)                                                                       $     (78.4)    $    (26.1)      $      -
   Vyvx (d)                                                                                 21.8            2.5              -
   Healthcare Services                                                                       5.1           (2.3)             -
   Banking and Lending                                                                      22.0            8.4              1.9
   Manufacturing                                                                             7.9            4.4              3.1
   Domestic Real Estate                                                                     20.7           18.1             16.3
   Other Operations                                                                         (3.4)            .7             14.5
   Corporate (c)                                                                            59.6          (37.5)           (74.9)
                                                                                     ------------    ------------     ------------
       Total consolidated income (loss) from continuing operations before income
         taxes, minority expense of trust preferred
         securities and equity in income of associated companies                     $      55.3     $    (31.8)      $    (39.1)
                                                                                     ============    ============     ============

Identifiable assets employed:
   Network                                                                           $   1,554.4      $ 1,628.8       $      -
   Vyvx                                                                                     57.3          115.5              -
   Healthcare Services                                                                      65.6           54.6              -
   Banking and Lending                                                                     151.1          252.4            481.5
   Manufacturing                                                                            50.4           50.8             51.5
   Domestic Real Estate                                                                    148.6          165.0            106.8
   Other Operations                                                                        252.6          253.4            193.7
   Investments in Associated Companies:
     WilTel                                                                                  -              -              340.6
     Other Associated Companies                                                            460.8          430.9            397.1
   Corporate                                                                             2,059.6        1,445.8            970.6
                                                                                     ------------    ------------     ------------

       Total consolidated assets                                                     $   4,800.4      $ 4,397.2        $ 2,541.8
                                                                                     ============    ============     ============

</TABLE>


                                      F-51
<PAGE>
22.  Segment Information, continued:
     --------------------

(a)  Revenues and other income for each segment include amounts for services
     rendered and products sold, as well as segment reported amounts classified
     as investment and other income and net securities gains (losses) on the
     Company's consolidated statements of operations.

(b)  For 2004 and the period from November 6, 2003 (date of acquisition) through
     December 31, 2003, includes services provided to SBC Communications Inc. of
     $1,032,800,000 and $141,700,000, respectively, pursuant to long-term
     preferred provider agreements.

(c)  Net securities gains for Corporate aggregated $123,100,000 during 2004,
     which primarily resulted from the sale of publicly traded debt and equity
     securities that had been classified as available for sale securities. For
     2004, includes a provision of $4,600,000 to write down investments in
     certain available for sale securities. For 2003, includes a provision of
     $6,500,000 to write down investments in certain available for sale
     securities and an investment in a non-public security. For 2002, includes a
     provision of $37,100,000 to write down investments in certain available for
     sale securities and an equity investment in a non-public fund. The write
     down of the available for sale securities resulted from a decline in market
     value determined to be other than temporary.

(d)  Eliminates intersegment revenues billed from Network to Vyvx. However, the
     intersegment revenues are included in the calculation to determine segment
     profit from operations and income (loss) from continuing operations for
     each of Network and Vyvx.

(e)  For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, income (loss) from
     continuing operations has been reduced by depreciation and amortization
     expenses of $235,900,000, $61,400,000 and $18,500,000, respectively; such
     amounts are primarily comprised of Corporate ($11,400,000, $11,700,000 and
     $8,700,000, respectively), and amounts related to WilTel's segments, which
     are disclosed above. Depreciation and amortization expenses for other
     segments are not material.

(f)  For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, income (loss) from
     continuing operations has been reduced by interest expense of $96,800,000,
     $43,000,000 and $33,000,000, respectively; such amounts are primarily
     comprised of Corporate ($55,300,000, $26,000,000 and $13,100,000,
     respectively), banking and lending ($2,700,000, $8,800,000 and $18,100,000,
     respectively), and amounts related to WilTel's segments, which are
     disclosed above. Interest expense for other segments is not material.



                                      F-52
<PAGE>
     23. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited):
         ---------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        First           Second           Third           Fourth
                                                                       Quarter          Quarter         Quarter          Quarter
                                                                       -------          -------         -------          -------
                                                                               (In thousands, except per share amounts)
2004:
- -----
<S>                                                               <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
Revenues and other income                                            $  509,730       $  569,547       $  633,593     $  549,241
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
Income (loss) from continuing operations                             $  (11,471)      $   36,371       $   74,897     $   52,159
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes                      $     (481)      $   (4,633)      $     (333)    $   (2,822)
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
Gain (loss) on disposal of discontinued operations, net of taxes     $      -         $    2,237       $     -        $     (424)
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
       Net income (loss)                                             $  (11,952)      $   33,975       $   74,564     $   48,913
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========

Basic earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income (loss) from continuing operations                          $     (.11)      $      .34       $      .70     $      .49
   Loss from discontinued operations                                        -               (.04)            -              (.03)
   Gain (loss) on disposal of discontinued operations                       -                .02             -               -
                                                                     -----------      -----------      -----------    -----------
       Net income (loss)                                             $     (.11)      $      .32       $      .70     $      .46
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
   Number of shares used in calculation                                 106,272          106,320          106,717        107,404
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income (loss) from continuing operations                          $     (.11)      $      .34       $      .67     $      .47
   Loss from discontinued operations                                         -              (.04)              -            (.03)
   Gain (loss) on disposal of discontinued operations                        -               .02               -             -
                                                                     -----------      -----------      -----------    -----------
       Net income (loss)                                             $     (.11)       $     .32       $      .67     $      .44
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
   Number of shares used in calculation                                 106,272          112,948          115,072        115,560
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========

2003:
- -----
Revenues and other income                                            $   55,105       $   65,527       $   74,387     $  353,952
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
Income (loss) from continuing operations                             $  (13,660)      $   11,883       $   54,894     $   32,758
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes             $     (126)      $    3,534       $    1,196     $     (923)
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
Gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of taxes            $      -         $      -         $     -       $    7,498
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
       Net income (loss)                                             $  (13,786)      $   15,417       $   56,090     $   39,333
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========

Basic earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income (loss) from continuing operations                          $     (.15)      $      .13       $      .62     $      .33
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                               -                .04              .01           (.01)
   Gain on disposal of discontinued operations                              -                  -                -            .08
                                                                     ----------       ----------       ----------     ----------
       Net income (loss)                                             $     (.15)      $      .17       $      .63     $      .40
                                                                     ==========       ==========       ==========     ==========
   Number of shares used in calculation                                  89,427           89,445           89,463         97,419
                                                                     ==========       ==========       ==========     ==========

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income (loss) from continuing operations                          $     (.15)      $      .13       $      .61     $      .33
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                               -                .04              .01           (.01)
   Gain on disposal of discontinued operations                              -                 -                -             .08
                                                                     -----------      -----------      -----------    -----------
       Net income (loss)                                             $     (.15)      $      .17       $      .62     $      .40
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
   Number of shares used in calculation                                  89,427           90,104           90,107         98,179
                                                                     ===========      ===========      ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

The Internal Revenue Service has completed the audit of the Company's
consolidated federal income tax returns for the years 1996 through 1999, without
any material tax payment required from the Company. Income taxes reflect a
benefit for the favorable resolution of certain income tax contingencies for
which the Company had previously established reserves of $27,300,000 for the
third quarter of 2004 and $13,900,000 for the fourth quarter of 2003. In
addition, the fourth quarter of 2004 reflects a benefit to record a federal
income tax carryback refund of $3,900,000.

In 2004 and 2003, the totals of quarterly per share amounts do not equal annual
per share amounts because of changes in outstanding shares during the year.

                                      F-53
<PAGE>
24. Subsequent Event:
    ----------------

On January 31, 2005, SBC announced that it would buy AT&T Corp., and announced
its intention to migrate the services provided by WilTel to the AT&T network.
SBC indicated that it expects to close its acquisition of AT&T in the first half
of 2006.

Once SBC completes the migration of its business from WilTel's network to the
AT&T network and terminates the existing preferred provider agreements between
WilTel and SBC (scheduled to extend until 2019), SBC will be required to pay
WilTel up to $200,000,000 for all costs WilTel incurs in connection with such
termination, including increased costs of the network facilities remaining with
WilTel due to the loss of SBC traffic (defined as "Transition Costs" in the
provider agreements). WilTel anticipates that a migration of services from its
network to AT&T would not begin until after the appropriate regulatory agencies
approve SBC's acquisition of AT&T. WilTel expects it will take anywhere from two
to three years from now for SBC to migrate all of its traffic off of WilTel's
network, and anticipates that it will continue to provide some level of service
to SBC into 2007.

Pursuant to the preferred provider agreements, the price for products and
services, determined separately for each product or service, generally will be
equal to the lesser of the cost of the product or service plus a specified rate
of return, the prices charged to other customers, the current market rate or, in
some circumstances, a specific rate. If either party can secure lower prices for
comparable services that the other party will not match, then that party is free
to utilize the lowest cost provider. WilTel and SBC have agreed to use a fixed
price for voice transport services (the substantial majority of WilTel's SBC
generated revenue) through April 1, 2005. WilTel is currently engaged in
negotiations with SBC with respect to a transition pricing agreement and other
matters that will enable WilTel to continue to provide services to SBC after
April 1, 2005. If the parties fail to reach agreement on pricing, any disputes
as to pricing methodology are to be resolved through binding arbitration.

Since SBC is WilTel's largest customer, accounting for 70% of Network's 2004
operating revenues, the Company concluded that the SBC announcement is an event
which requires the Company to assess the carrying value of WilTel's long-lived
assets for impairment, principally property and equipment. Since the event which
gave rise to the impairment review occurred on January 31, 2005, and is not
reflective of a condition that existed as of December 31, 2004, the assessment
of impairment will be performed as part of the preparation of the Company's
financial statements for the first quarter of 2005. The carrying value of
WilTel's property and equipment is approximately $1,054,700,000 at December 31,
2004.

As more fully described in Note 11, SBC's announcement is considered an event
which could reasonably be expected to have a "material adverse effect" as
defined in WilTel's amended credit facility, and while WilTel can no longer
access its $25,000,000 revolving credit facility it has no impact on the
$360,000,000 of term loans under the agreement. However, the credit agreement
provides for an event of default if there is any amendment, supplement,
modification or termination of any WilTel contract or agreement that has had or
could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on WilTel
(as defined in the credit agreement). As mentioned above, WilTel is currently
engaged in negotiations with SBC with respect to a transition pricing agreement
and other matters which, if successfully concluded, may or may not be deemed an
event of default under the WilTel credit agreement. WilTel intends to enter into
discussions with its lenders before entering into any new definitive agreement
with SBC.

                                      F-54
<PAGE>
Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
BALANCE SHEETS
December 31, 2004 and 2003
(Dollars in thousands, except par value)

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                                 <C>                    <C>

                                                                                             2004                  2003
                                                                                             ----                  ----
ASSETS
- ------
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              $   124,773             $    53,957
Investments                                                                                597,442                 880,695
Trade, notes and other receivables, net                                                     18,683                  42,001
Prepaids and other assets                                                                   24,295                  10,483
Investments in associated companies and investments in and advances
   to/from subsidiaries, net                                                             2,574,253               1,788,127
                                                                                        -----------            ------------

           Total                                                                       $ 3,339,446             $ 2,775,263
                                                                                        ===========            ============

LIABILITIES
- -----------
Trade payables and expense accruals                                                    $    37,406             $    31,391
Other liabilities                                                                           63,735                  81,107
Debt, including current maturities                                                         964,631                 512,449
Income taxes payable                                                                        15,021                  16,155
                                                                                        -----------            ------------
       Total liabilities                                                                 1,080,793                 641,102
                                                                                        -----------            ------------

Commitments and contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
- --------------------
 Common shares, par value $1 per share, authorized 150,000,000 shares;
   107,600,403 and 106,235,253 shares issued and outstanding, after
   deducting 42,399,597 shares held in treasury                                            107,600                 106,235
Additional paid-in capital                                                                 598,504                 577,863
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                     136,138                 152,251
Retained earnings                                                                        1,416,411               1,297,812
                                                                                        -----------            ------------
       Total shareholders' equity                                                        2,258,653               2,134,161
                                                                                        -----------            ------------

           Total                                                                       $ 3,339,446             $ 2,775,263
                                                                                        ===========            ============

</TABLE>

                           See notes to this schedule.

                                      F-55


<PAGE>
Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                           <C>             <C>            <C>

                                                                                     2004           2003           2002
                                                                                     ----           ----           ----
REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME:
- --------------------------
   Investment and other income                                                   $   29,637    $   19,854     $   14,771
   Intercompany investment income                                                    11,594        17,872          6,996
   Net securities gains (losses)                                                     77,466           800        (31,504)
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------
                                                                                    118,697        38,526         (9,737)
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------

EXPENSES:
- ---------
   Interest                                                                          53,181        24,651         11,481
   Intercompany interest expense                                                     31,844        27,667         26,474
   Salaries                                                                          14,068        11,559         11,695
   Other expenses                                                                    29,485        24,436         21,332
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------
                                                                                    128,578        88,313         70,982
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------
   Loss from continuing operations before income taxes, minority expense of
     trust preferred securities and equity in income of
     associated companies and subsidiaries                                           (9,881)      (49,787)       (80,719)
Income tax benefit                                                                   34,529        41,832        148,030
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------

   Income (loss) from continuing operations before minority expense of trust
     preferred securities and equity in income of associated
     companies and subsidiaries                                                      24,648        (7,955)        67,311
Minority expense of trust preferred securities, net of taxes                             -         (2,761)        (5,521)


Equity in income of associated companies and subsidiaries,
  net of taxes                                                                      127,308        96,591         92,332
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------
   Income from continuing operations                                                151,956        85,875        154,122
Equity in income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes                   (8,269)        3,681          2,989
Equity in gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of taxes                   1,813         7,498          4,512
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------

           Net income                                                            $  145,500    $   97,054     $  161,623
                                                                                 ===========   ===========    ===========

Basic earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income from continuing operations                                             $     1.42    $      .94     $     1.85
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                                          (.08)          .04            .04
   Gain on disposal of discontinued operations                                          .02           .08            .05
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------
           Net income                                                            $     1.36    $     1.06     $     1.94
                                                                                 ===========   ===========    ===========

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
   Income from continuing operations                                             $     1.40    $      .93     $     1.83
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations                                          (.08)          .04            .04
   Gain on disposal of discontinued operations                                          .02           .08            .05
                                                                                 -----------   -----------    -----------
           Net income                                                            $     1.34    $     1.05     $     1.92
                                                                                 ===========   ===========    ===========

</TABLE>

                           See notes to this schedule.

                                      F-56


<PAGE>
Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                     <C>                <C>            <C>

                                                                                2004             2003            2002
                                                                                ----             ----            ----

Net cash flows from operating activities:
- -----------------------------------------
Net income                                                                  $   145,500      $    97,054     $   161,623
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used for operations:
  Other amortization                                                             (1,280)            (432)         (2,406)
  Net securities (gains) losses                                                 (77,466)            (800)         31,504
  Equity in earnings of associated companies and subsidiaries                  (120,852)        (107,770)        (99,833)
  Distributions from associated companies                                         1,581            1,271             643
  Gain on sale of other assets                                                   (1,604)          (1,532)            -
  Net change in:
   Miscellaneous receivables                                                     20,204            1,902           2,180
   Prepaids and other assets                                                     (1,173)              84            (757)
   Trade payables and expense accruals                                            6,015            6,405           6,627
   Other liabilities                                                            (23,036)         (14,213)         (1,229)
   Income taxes payable                                                          (1,134)         (18,155)       (136,850)
  Other                                                                            (157)            (459)          4,860
                                                                            ------------     ------------    ------------

   Net cash used for operating activities                                       (53,402)         (36,645)        (33,638)
                                                                            ------------     ------------    ------------


Net cash flows from investing activities:
- ----------------------------------------
Dividends received from subsidiaries                                              2,000            2,500          11,782
Investment in and advances to/from subsidiaries                                 (51,358)        (108,045)         97,936
Proceeds from sale of other assets                                                 -              79,460           1,000
Advances on notes receivables                                                      -              (1,470)            -
Collections on notes receivables                                                  1,125           10,000           2,000
Investments in associated companies                                                -             (11,070)       (354,091)
Purchases of investments (other than short-term)                             (2,264,170)      (1,355,282)       (882,710)
Proceeds from maturities of investments                                         728,912          384,901         609,521
Proceeds from sales of investments                                            1,275,192          520,774         404,053
                                                                            ------------     ------------    ------------
   Net cash used for investing activities                                      (308,299)        (478,232)       (110,509)
                                                                            ------------     ------------    ------------
                                                                                                (continued)

</TABLE>
                           See notes to this schedule.


                                      F-57

<PAGE>
Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, continued
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<C>                                                                                  <C>             <C>              <C>

                                                                                            2004             2003            2002
                                                                                            ----             ----            ----

Net cash flows from financing activities:
- -----------------------------------------
Issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs                                       $  437,412       $  267,865      $      -
Issuance of convertible preferred shares                                                       -                -            47,507
Issuance of common shares                                                                   22,006            1,293         102,535
Purchase of common shares for treasury                                                         -                (61)           (115)
Dividends paid                                                                             (26,901)         (17,706)        (13,841)
                                                                                        -----------      -----------      ----------

   Net cash provided by financing activities                                               432,517          251,391         136,086
                                                                                        -----------      -----------      ----------

   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                     70,816         (263,486)         (8,061)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1,                                                     53,957          317,443         325,504
                                                                                        -----------      -----------      ----------

Cash and cash equivalents at December 31,                                               $  124,773       $   53,957      $  317,443
                                                                                        ===========      ===========      ==========

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
- -------------------------------------------------
Cash paid during the year for:
   Interest                                                                             $   47,652       $   21,566      $   11,420
   Income tax payments (refunds), net                                                   $  (27,058)      $   (6,232)     $   17,072

Non-cash investing activities:
- ------------------------------
Common stock issued for acquisition of WilTel Communications Group, Inc.                $     -          $  422,830      $     -
Investments contributed to subsidiary                                                   $  674,088       $      -        $     -
Investments transferred from subsidiary                                                 $   45,691       $      -        $     -

</TABLE>



                           See notes to this schedule.


                                      F-58


<PAGE>
Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
NOTES TO SCHEDULE

A.    The notes to consolidated financial statements of Leucadia National
      Corporation and Subsidiaries are incorporated by reference to this
      schedule.

B.    The statements of shareholders' equity are the same as those presented for
      Leucadia National Corporation and Subsidiaries.

C.    Equity in the income of associated companies and subsidiaries is after
      reflecting income taxes recorded by the subsidiaries. The income tax
      benefit recorded by the parent company includes benefits for the favorable
      resolution of certain federal and state income tax contingencies of
      $27,300,000, $24,400,000 and $120,000,000 for 2004, 2003 and 2002,
      respectively, and a benefit of $3,900,000 to recognize a federal income
      tax carryback refund for the year ended December 31, 2004.

D.    Federal income taxes payable has not been allocated to the individual
      subsidiaries.

E.    The aggregate annual mandatory redemptions of debt during the five year
      period ending December 31, 2009 are as follows (in thousands): 2005 -
      $19,100; 2006 - $21,700; 2007 - $0; 2008 - $0; and 2009 - $0.



                                      F-59
<PAGE>
Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Additions                                    Deductions
                                     ----------------------------------     ------------------------------------
                                        Charged
                         Balance at    to Costs                                                                         Balance
                          Beginning      and                                  Write       Sale of                      at End
  Description             of Period    Expenses    Recoveries      Other      Offs        Receivables      Other        of Period
  -----------             ---------    --------    ----------      -----      ----        ----------      -----        ---------
<S>                     <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>

  2004
  ----
  Loan receivables of
   banking and lending
   subsidiaries           $   24,236   $  (8,301)   $ 11,215     $     -      $  11,331      $ 14,873    $     -        $       946
  Trade, notes and other
   receivables                 2,665       2,935       9,629           -          4,607           -            -             10,622
                          -----------  ----------   ---------    ----------   ----------     ---------   ----------     ------------

  Total allowance for
   doubtful accounts      $   26,901   $  (5,366)   $ 20,844     $     -      $  15,938      $ 14,873    $     -        $    11,568
                          ===========  ==========   =========    ==========   ==========     =========   ==========     ============

  Deferred tax asset
   valuation allowance    $2,237,753   $      -     $     -      $     -      $      -       $    -      $   52,478(a)  $ 2,185,275
                          ===========  ==========   =========    ==========   ==========     =========   ==========     ============

  2003
  ----
  Loan receivables of
   banking and lending
   subsidiaries           $   31,848   $  16,411    $ 12,175     $     -      $  36,198      $     -     $     -        $    24,236
  Trade, notes and other
   receivables                   883       3,687         123           -          2,028            -           -              2,665
                          -----------  ----------   ---------    ----------   ----------     ---------   ----------     ------------

  Total allowance for
   doubtful accounts      $   32,731   $  20,098    $ 12,298     $     -      $   38,226      $    -     $    -         $    26,901
                          ===========  ==========   =========    ==========   ==========     =========   ==========     ============


  Deferred tax asset
   valuation allowance    $   49,551   $      -     $     -      $2,229,709(b) $      -       $    -     $  41,507(c)   $ 2,237,753
                          ===========  ==========   =========    ==========    ==========     =========   =========     ============


  2002
  ----
  Loan receivables of
   banking and lending
   subsidiaries           $   35,695   $  36,027    $  9,646     $     -       $  49,520      $    -      $    -        $    31,848
  Trade, notes and other
   receivables                   623         221         179           -             140           -          -                 883
                          -----------  ----------   ---------    ----------    ----------     ---------   ---------     ------------

  Total allowance for
   doubtful accounts      $   36,318   $  36,248    $  9,825     $     -      $  49,660      $    -      $    -         $    32,731
                          ===========  ==========   =========    ==========   ==========     =========   ==========     ============

  Deferred tax asset
   valuation allowance    $   49,103   $      -     $     -      $      448   $    -         $    -      $    -         $    49,551
                          ===========  ==========   =========    ==========   ==========     =========   ==========     ============
</TABLE>

(a)  Principally results from the recognition of acquired tax benefits, of which
     $22,300,000 was applied to reduce the carrying amount of WilTel's acquired
     non-current intangible assets to zero, $3,900,000 resulted from a carryback
     refund claim and $6,500,000 resulted from the use of WilTel's tax
     attributes to offset the federal income tax provision that would have
     otherwise been recorded during 2004.

(b)  Additions represent acquired tax benefits, principally WilTel's tax
     benefits, for which the Company established a full valuation allowance at
     acquisition since the Company was not able to demonstrate that it was more
     likely than not that it will be able to realize such tax benefits.

(c)  Principally results from the recognition of acquired tax benefits of
     $22,500,000, which was applied to reduce the carrying amount of WilTel's
     acquired non-current intangible assets and a reclassification to other
     liabilities.

                                      F-60

<PAGE>





OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
(Incorporated in Bermuda)


Consolidated Financial Statements

DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
(expressed in U.S. dollars)


<PAGE>
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     PriceWaterhouseCoopers
                                                     Chartered Accountants
                                                     Dorchester House
                                                     7 Church Street
                                                     Hamilton
                                                     Bermuda HM 11
                                                     Telephone +1 (441) 295 2000
                                                     Facsimile +1 (441) 295 1242

January 26, 2005




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.


In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, comprehensive income
and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. at December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003
and 2002 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these consolidated statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.




CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS








MAILING ADDRESS: PO BOX HM 1171, Hamilton, Bermuda HM EX.

A list of partners can be obtained from the above address
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004 AND 2003
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2004                  2003
                                                                                 $                    $
                                                                -------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>                    <C>
 ASSETS
 Cash and cash equivalents (note 3)                                      50,929,556           36,083,597
 Investments (note 3)                                                   839,138,959          764,622,198
 Investment income due and accrued                                        9,262,091            8,367,373
 Premiums receivable                                                    179,417,972          167,458,000
 Deferred acquisition costs                                              48,406,242           46,732,324
 Other assets                                                               288,897              259,518
                                                                -------------------------------------------

                                                                      1,127,443,717        1,023,523,010
                                                                ===========================================

 LIABILITIES
 Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves (note 4)                     301,021,728          114,317,141
 Unearned premiums                                                      156,827,274          142,792,737
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                      424,940              591,308
 Advisory fees payable (note 5)                                          15,758,183           47,017,307
                                                                -------------------------------------------

                                                                        474,032,125          304,718,493
                                                                -------------------------------------------

 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 Common voting shares (3,716,378 in 2004 and 4,385,714
   in 2003 shares issued and outstanding) (note 7)                           37,164               43,857
 Additional paid-in capital (note 7)                                    371,600,636          438,527,543
 Accumulated other comprehensive income                                   2,978,377           11,515,650
 Retained earnings                                                      278,795,415          268,717,467
                                                                -------------------------------------------

                                                                        653,411,592          718,804,517
                                                                -------------------------------------------

                                                                      1,127,443,717        1,023,523,010
                                                                ===========================================
</TABLE>


APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                              Director                                  Director
- -----------------------------             -----------------------------



              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements

<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Consolidated Statements of Income
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 2004             2003                  2002
                                                                    $                   $                    $
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>                  <C>                 <C>
 REVENUES
 Gross premiums written                                    521,031,407          523,178,240         298,522,087
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 Net premiums written                                      521,031,407          523,178,240         298,522,087
 Net change in unearned premiums                           (14,034,538)         (68,427,525)        (74,365,214)
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 Net premiums earned                                       506,996,869          454,750,715         224,156,873
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 Net investment income                                      25,373,016           20,897,961          18,002,285
 Net realized gains on investments                           1,005,365            5,130,298           2,969,859
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 TOTAL REVENUES                                            533,375,250          480,778,974         245,129,017
                                                   ===============================================================

 EXPENSES
 Losses and loss expenses (note 4)                         296,732,651          104,344,698          57,901,965
 Commissions                                               160,686,894          165,860,912          78,078,362
 Premium taxes and fees                                      4,419,724            4,141,391           2,184,366
 Other underwriting expenses                                 3,070,531            3,629,805             750,726
 General and administrative expenses                         2,336,496            2,059,983           1,236,605
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 TOTAL EXPENSES                                            467,246,296          280,036,789         140,152,024
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 NET INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                    66,128,954          200,742,185         104,976,993
                                                   ===============================================================
</TABLE>






              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     ACCUMULATED
                                                                    ADDITIONAL             OTHER       RETAINED              TOTAL
                                                 COMMON VOTING         PAID-IN     COMPREHENSIVE       EARNINGS      SHAREHOLDERS'
                                                        SHARES         CAPITAL            INCOME      (DEFICIT)             EQUITY
                                                             $               $                 $              $                  $
                                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>               <C>             <C>               <C>             <C>
BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001                           51,000    509,949,000                -       (8,430,316)      501,569,684

Net income for the year                                        -              -                -      104,976,993       104,976,993

Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) on marketable investments                    -              -       16,105,280                -        16,105,280
                                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2002                           51,000    509,949,000       16,105,280       96,546,677       622,651,957

Net income for the year                                        -              -                -      200,742,185       200,742,185

Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) on marketable investments                    -              -       (4,589,630)               -        (4,589,630)

Repurchase of common voting shares (note 7)               (7,143)   (71,421,457)               -      (28,571,395)      (99,999,995)
                                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2003                           43,857    438,527,543       11,515,650      268,717,467       718,804,517

Net income for the year                                        -              -                -       66,128,954        66,128,954

Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) on marketable investments                    -              -       (8,537,273)               -        (8,537,273)

Repurchase of common voting shares (note 7)               (6,693)   (66,926,907)               -      (56,051,006)     (122,984,606)
                                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004                           37,164    371,600,636        2,978,377      278,795,415       653,411,592
                                                ====================================================================================
</TABLE>








              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      2004                2003                 2002
                                                                         $                   $                    $
                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                   <C>                <C>
 NET INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                         66,128,954          200,742,185         104,976,993

 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on
     marketable investments                                      (8,537,273)          (4,589,630)         16,105,280
                                                        ---------------------------------------------------------------

 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                               57,591,681          196,152,555         121,082,273
                                                        ===============================================================

</TABLE>


















              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                2004                 2003                 2002
                                                                                   $                    $                    $
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>                   <C>                  <C>
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 Net income for the year                                                  66,128,954           200,742,185          104,976,993
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
        by operating activities
        Gain on sale of investments                                       (1,005,365)           (5,130,298)          (2,969,859)
        Net amortization of premium/discount on fixed maturities           5,337,495             5,936,259            3,087,459
        Investment income due and accrued                                   (894,718)           (1,682,462)          (6,664,862)
        Incorporation cost payable                                                 -                     -           (7,883,231)
        Premiums receivable                                              (11,959,972)          (90,968,391)         (76,489,609)
        Deferred acquisition costs                                        (1,673,918)          (23,414,237)         (23,318,087)
        Other assets                                                         (29,379)             (101,330)            (158,188)
        Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves                        186,704,587            69,609,547           44,707,594
        Unearned premiums                                                 14,034,537            68,427,523           74,365,214
        Accounts payable and accrued expenses                               (166,368)               10,019              551,289
        Investment trades pending settlement                                       -            (2,455,041)           2,455,041
        Advisory fees payable                                            (31,259,124)           21,847,079           25,170,228
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

        Cash provided by operating activities                            225,216,729           242,820,853          137,829,982
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
 Purchase of investments                                                (698,087,800)         (735,713,760)      (1,066,976,281)
 Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments                       610,701,636           564,819,740          483,840,192
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

            Cash used in investing activities                            (87,386,164)         (170,894,020)        (583,136,089)
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Purchase of common shares                                              (122,984,606)          (99,999,995)                   -
 Proceeds to satisfy subscriptions                                                 -                     -              150,000
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

            Cash provided by (used in) financing activities             (122,984,606)          (99,999,995)             150,000
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                         14,845,959           (28,073,162)        (445,156,107)

 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING OF YEAR                            36,083,597            64,156,759          509,312,866
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------

 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - END OF YEAR                                  50,929,556            36,083,597           64,156,759
                                                                   ===============================================================
</TABLE>


              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

1.     NATURE OF THE BUSINESS

       Olympus Re Holdings, Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") were
       incorporated under the laws of Bermuda on December 3, 2001 and commenced
       operations on January 1, 2002. The Company's principal operating
       subsidiary is Olympus Reinsurance Company, Ltd. ("Olympus Re"). Olympus
       Re is registered as a Class 4 insurer under The Insurance Act 1978,
       amendments thereto and related regulations ("The Act"). The Company's
       bye-laws provide that the Board of Directors of Olympus Re shall consist
       of persons who first have been elected as designated directors by a
       resolution in a general meeting of the shareholders of the Company. The
       Board of Directors of the Company must then vote all shares of Olympus Re
       owned by the Company to elect such designated directors as Olympus Re
       directors. The bye-law provisions with respect to the removal of
       directors of Olympus Re operate similarly (see note 2(h)).

       The Company, through Olympus Re, writes reinsurance business on a global
       basis with an emphasis on property excess business. During the year ended
       December 31, 2004, this was through two main sources, quota share
       reinsurance agreements with a U.S. reinsurance company (see note 6) and
       two underwriting advisory contracts. The purpose of these quota share
       agreements is to produce primarily property reinsurance. Olympus Re's
       underwriting advisory contracts are with non-U.S. advisors (see note 5)
       to recommend excess property and marine reinsurance business and consult
       on the quota share agreements. The non-U.S. advisors are related to the
       previously mentioned U.S. reinsurance company through common ownership.

2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

       These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
       with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
       America. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
       generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
       estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and
       liabilities, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
       as at the balance sheet date. Estimates also affect the reported amounts
       of income and expenses for the reporting period. Actual results could
       differ from those estimates.

       The following is a summary of the significant accounting policies adopted
       by the Company:

       (a)    CONSOLIDATION

              The consolidated financial statements include the financial
              statements of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Olympus
              Re. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have
              been eliminated on consolidation.

       (b)    PREMIUMS AND UNEARNED PREMIUMS

              The Company records premiums based on cession statements received.
              Premiums are earned evenly over the term of the underlying
              reinsurance contract, in proportion to the risk assumed. The
              portion of the premium related to the unexpired portion of the
              contract at the end of the fiscal period is reflected in unearned
              premiums.

              Certain reinsurance premiums assumed are estimated based on
              information provided by the underlying ceding companies. The
              information used in establishing these estimates is reviewed and
              subsequent adjustments are taken into income in the period in
              which they are determined. These premiums are earned over the
              terms of the related reinsurance contracts.


                                      (1)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

       (c)    DEFERRED ACQUISITION COSTS

              The Company records acquisition costs based on cessions statements
              received, in addition to its own direct acquisition costs.

              Policy acquisition costs are comprised of ceding commissions,
              brokerage, premium taxes and other expenses that relate directly
              to the acquisition of premiums. These costs are deferred and
              amortized over the terms of the related contracts. Deferred policy
              acquisition costs are reviewed to determine if they are
              recoverable from future underwriting profits, including investment
              income. If such costs are estimated to be unrecoverable, they are
              expensed.

       (d)    LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE RESERVES

              The Company records loss and loss adjustment expenses based on
              cessions statements received. The reported amounts for incurred
              but not reported losses are also separately reviewed by the
              Company. Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, including
              losses incurred but not reported and provisions for settlement
              expenses, includes amounts determined from losses reported to the
              Company, and management estimates. Due to limited historical
              experience, industry data is relied upon in the reserving process.

              A significant portion of the Company's business is in the property
              catastrophe market and programs with higher layers of risks.
              Reserving for losses in such programs is inherently complicated in
              that losses in excess of the attachment level of the underlying
              policies are characterized by high severity and low frequency.
              This limits the volume of industry claims experience available
              from which to reliably predict ultimate losses following a loss
              event.

              The Company uses industry data and professional judgment to
              estimate the ultimate loss from reinsurance contracts exposed to a
              loss event. Delays in reporting losses to the Company together
              with the potential for unforeseen adverse developments may result
              in losses and loss expenses significantly greater or less than the
              reserve provided at the time of the loss event.

              Loss and loss adjustment reserve estimates are regularly reviewed
              and updated, as new information becomes known to the Company. Any
              resulting adjustments are included in income in the period in
              which they become known.

       (e)    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

              Cash and cash equivalents include debt securities and time
              deposits with a maturity of three months or less from the date of
              purchase.

       (f)    INVESTMENTS

              The Company's investments in fixed maturities are classified as
              "available-for-sale" and are carried at fair value, based on
              quoted market prices. Unrealized gains and losses are included
              within accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders'
              equity.

              Net investment income is stated net of investment management and
              custody fees. Interest income is recognized on the accrual basis
              and includes the amortization of premium or discount on fixed
              interest securities purchased at amounts different from their par
              value.

                                      (2)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

              Gains and losses on investments are included in investment income
              when realized. Investments are recorded on a trade date basis and
              the cost of securities sold is determined on the first-in,
              first-out basis.

              Investments are reviewed periodically to determine if they have
              sustained an impairment of value that is considered to be other
              than temporary. The identification of potentially impaired
              investments involves significant management judgment, which
              includes the determination of their fair value and the assessment
              of whether any decline in value is other than temporary. If
              investments are determined to be impaired, a loss is charged to
              the income statement in that period.

       (g)    FOREIGN CURRENCY

              Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
              have been translated to U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange
              prevailing at the balance sheet date. Income and expense
              transactions originating in foreign currencies are translated at
              the rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the transaction.
              Gains and losses on foreign currency translation are included in
              income.

       (h)    NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

              In December 2003, the FASB issued a FASB Interpretation No. 46,
              Consolidation of variable interest entities - an interpretation of
              ARB No. 51 (revised December 2003) ("FIN 46R"). FIN 46R clarifies
              the accounting and reporting for certain entities in which equity
              investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling
              financial interest.

              Olympus Re's Board of Directors, who are elected as described in
              note 1, have unilateral authority to manage the affairs of Olympus
              Re, except for certain actions that require approval by the
              Company as sole shareholder. Since the Company and Olympus Re are
              under the common control of the shareholders of the Company, the
              financial statements of the Company were previously presented on a
              combined basis, rather than on a consolidated basis, in accordance
              with ARB No. 51.

              The Company adopted FIN 46R during 2004, the impact of which is to
              present the financial statements as consolidated rather than
              combined. This has not had any impact on the Company's net income
              or net shareholders' equity as presented in these financial
              statements.

3.     INVESTMENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          GROSS                      GROSS                 2004
                                                                     UNREALIZED                 UNREALIZED            ESTIMATED
                                                     COST                  GAIN                       LOSS           FAIR VALUE
                                                        $                     $                          $                    $
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>                  <C>                          <C>                 <C>
U.S. Government                                146,969,861              1,605,351                 1,125,641          147,449,571

U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises          347,715,100              1,919,481                   762,368          348,872,213
Corporate                                      300,062,897              2,729,585                 1,180,976          301,611,506
Mortgage-backed securities                      41,412,724                 23,962                   231,017           41,205,669
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                               836,160,582              6,278,379                 3,300,002          839,138,959
                                         =========================================================================================


                                      (3)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)
                                                                           GROSS                      GROSS                2003
                                                                      UNREALIZED                 UNREALIZED           ESTIMATED
                                                     COST                   GAIN                       LOSS          FAIR VALUE
                                                        $                      $                          $                   $
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

U.S. Government                                172,534,991              1,243,158                         -          173,778,149

U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises          326,656,609              4,613,114                         -          331,269,723
Corporate                                      202,200,619              5,389,124                         -          207,589,743
Mortgage-backed securities                      51,714,329                270,254                         -           51,984,583
                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                               753,106,548             11,515,650                         -          764,622,198
                                         =========================================================================================
</TABLE>

       The estimated fair value of fixed interest securities is based on quoted
       market values.

       The Company did not have any investments in a single corporate security
       which exceeded 1.6% of total fixed interest securities as of December 31,
       2004 and 2003.

       The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
       investment ratings of the company's fixed interest securities portfolio
       as of December 31, 2004 and 2003.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2004                                          2003
                                           -------------------------------------------   -----------------------------------------
RATINGS                                              AMORTIZED                                    AMORTIZED
                                                          COST                                         COST
                                                             $                    %                       $                   %
                                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>                            <C>           <C>                          <C>
U.S. Government                                     146,969,861                   18              172,534,991                 23
U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises               347,715,100                   41              326,656,609                 43
AAA                                                  64,265,227                    8               46,743,994                  6
AA                                                   45,157,940                    5               87,868,424                 12
A                                                   227,941,843                   27              119,302,530                 16
BBB                                                   4,110,611                    1                        -                  -
                                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    836,160,582                  100              753,106,548                100
                                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

       The amortized cost and estimated fair value amounts for fixed interest
       securities held at December 31, 2004 are shown by contractual maturity.
       Actual maturity may differ from contractual maturity because certain
       borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or
       without call or prepayment penalties.


                                      (4)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  AMORTIZED        ESTIMATED FAIR
                                                                       COST                 VALUE
                                                                          $                     $
                                                          -------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                    <C>
Due within one year                                                64,662,883            64,651,505
Due after one year through five years                             712,992,476           715,862,799
Due after five years through ten years                             17,092,499            17,418,986
                                                          -------------------------------------------

                                                                  794,747,858           797,933,290

Mortgage-backed securities                                         41,412,724            41,205,669
                                                          -------------------------------------------

                                                                  836,160,582           839,138,959
                                                          ===========================================
</TABLE>


       The following table shows the unrealized losses and fair value of the
       Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be
       other than temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and
       length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous
       unrealized loss position, at December 31, 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       LESS THAN 12 MONTHS              12 MONTHS OR GREATER                      TOTAL
                                      FAIR         UNREALIZED             FAIR       UNREALIZED               FAIR      UNREALIZED
                                     VALUE             LOSSES            VALUE           LOSSES              VALUE          LOSSES
                                         $                  $                $                $                  $               $
                            -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>                  <C>             <C>                <C>            <C>                <C>
U.S. Government                118,983,575          1,125,641                -                -        118,983,575       1,125,641

U.S. Government-Sponsored
   Enterprises                 196,934,402            750,502       17,958,600           11,866        214,893,002         762,368

Corporate                      140,644,309          1,180,976                -                -        140,644,309       1,180,976

Mortgage-back securities        37,850,700            231,017                -                -         37,850,700         231,017
                            -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total                          494,412,986          3,288,136       17,958,600           11,866        512,371,586       3,300,002
                            =======================================================================================================
</TABLE>

       The unrealized losses on the Company's investment portfolio are the
       result of changes in general market conditions and interest rate
       increases, rather than credit concerns related to these securities. It is
       believed that the issuers of these securities will continue, to meet the
       contractual obligations to the Company, including full repayment on
       principal as contractually obligated. The Company has the ability to hold
       these securities until a market price recovery, or until maturity, and
       does not consider these investments to be other than temporarily impaired
       at December 31, 2004.

                                      (5)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

       The components of net investment income are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2004                2003                 2002
                                                                             $                   $                    $
                                                               ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>                   <C>                 <C>
Interest on fixed maturities                                         30,403,659            27,758,971        20,691,286
Net amortization of premium/discount on fixed maturities             (5,337,495)           (5,936,259)       (3,087,459)
Interest on cash and cash equivalents                                 1,047,368               557,713         1,592,238
                                                               ------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                     26,113,532            22,380,425        19,196,065

Net investment expenses                                                (740,516)           (1,482,464)       (1,193,780)
                                                               ------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                     25,373,016            20,897,961        18,002,285
                                                               ============================================================
</TABLE>

       During 2004, 2003 and 2002, proceeds from sales of available-for-sale
       securities were $610,701,636, $564,819,740 and $483,840,192 respectively.
       Gross realized gains were $2,990,444, $5,548,574 and $3,361,350 and gross
       realized losses were $1,985,079, $418,276 and $391,491 for the years end
       December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 respectively.

       White Mountain Advisors, LLC, the Company's investment advisors, receive
       a management fee at an annual rate of 0.1% of net invested assets. In
       2003 and 2002 the annual rate was 0.2%.

       In the normal course of business, the Company provides collateral in
       accordance with certain reinsurance agreements. The Company has cash
       equivalents of $2,840,794 and $54,453 and investments of $287,839,361 and
       $201,128,202 in trusts, as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively,
       provided as collateral.

4.     LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE RESERVES

       Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves are estimates subject to
       variability, and the variability could be material in the near term. The
       variability arises because all events affecting the ultimate settlement
       of claims have not taken place and may not take place for some time.
       Variability can be caused by receipt of additional claim information,
       changes in judicial interpretation of contracts or significant changes in
       the severity or frequency of claims from historical trends. Loss and loss
       adjustment expenses estimates are based on all relevant information
       available to the Company. Methods of estimation are used which the
       Company believes produce reasonable results given current information.


                                      (6)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)


       Reserve activity for loss and loss expenses is summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2004                       2003
                                                                                          $                          $
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                           <C>                         <C>
BALANCE - BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                      114,317,141                 44,707,594
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------

Net claims and claims expenses incurred for the year related to:
      Current year                                                               306,534,301                110,104,123
        Prior year                                                                (9,801,650)                (5,759,425)
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------

                                                                                 296,732,651                104,344,698
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------

Net paid claims and claims expenses for the year related to:
      Current year                                                                38,156,364                 17,069,797
        Prior year                                                                71,871,700                 17,665,354
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------

                                                                                 110,028,064                 34,735,151
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------

BALANCE - END OF YEAR                                                            301,021,728                114,317,141
                                                                         =================================================
</TABLE>


       The December 31, 2004 and 2003 year end balance is comprised of
       provisions for reported claims of $115,474,945 and $33,300,789 and
       provisions for claims incurred but not reported of $185,546,783 and
       $81,016,352, respectively.

5.     ADVISORY FEES PAYABLE

       Advisory fees payable represents override commission and profit
       commissions payable, including a 20% profit commission payable to the
       non-U.S. advisors, White Mountains Underwriting Limited and White
       Mountains Underwriting (Bermuda) Limited, (collectively White Mountains
       Underwriting) for all business on which they advise.

6.     MAJOR CUSTOMERS

       During the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Company
       derived 86%, 90% and 99%, respectively, of its premiums written from
       Folksamerica Reinsurance Company ("Folksamerica") for which the Company
       pays an override commission. During the years ended December 31, 2004 and
       2003, the Company derived 9% and 8% respectively, of its premiums written
       from business recommended by White Mountains Underwriting for which the
       Company pays an override commission. No significant business was written
       through White Mountains Underwriting in 2002. Folksamerica and White
       Mountains Underwriting are wholly-owned subsidiaries of White Mountains
       Insurance Group Ltd., which is a minority shareholder of the Company
       through a 50% joint venture, and is also the parent of White Mountain
       Advisors, LLC. Included in premiums receivable for the years ended
       December 31, 2004 and 2003 were amounts of $166,798,822 and $157,980,421,
       respectively, due from Folksamerica.


                                      (7)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)

7.     CAPITAL STOCK

       (a)    AUTHORIZED SHARES

              The Company's authorized share capital is 20,000,000 common shares
              of the par value $0.01 each.

       (b)    COMMON SHARES

              At December 31, 2004 and 2003, the total issued and outstanding
              common shares of the Company were 3,716,378 and 4,385,714,
              respectively, with a par value of $0.01. The holders of the
              ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are
              allocated one vote per share, provided that, if the controlled
              shares of any shareholder (excluding Leucadia National
              Corporation) constitute 9.5 percent or more of the outstanding
              common shares of the Company, only a fraction of the vote will be
              allowed so as not to exceed 9.5 percent. There are various
              restrictions on the ability of shareholders to dispose of their
              shares.

              In the period to December 31, 2001, the Company received cash of
              $509,850,000 in respect of subscriptions of common shares. On
              January 2, 2002, payment of the remaining outstanding
              subscriptions totaling $150,000 was received from shareholders.
              Following receipt of the outstanding subscriptions payments, all
              issued and outstanding common voting shares were fully paid.

              The Company's Bye-laws provide that the shareholders have an
              annual put option to request that the Company repurchase any or
              all of their shares. Such repurchase is subject to capital
              adequacy of the Company under the Act and the approval of the
              Board of Directors of the Company. At December 31, 2004 the
              Company had received requests to repurchase 197,088 shares which
              will cost the Company approximately $34.8 million at year end net
              asset value. The repurchase of these shares is subject to approval
              by the Board of Directors at their first meeting in 2005.

              In the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, the Company used
              $122,984,606 and $99,999,995 to repurchase a total of 669,336 and
              714,286 shares respectively.

8.     TAXATION

       BERMUDA

       The Company has received an undertaking from the Bermuda government
       exempting it from all local income, withholding and capital gains taxes
       until March 28, 2016. At the present time no such taxes are levied in
       Bermuda.

       UNITED STATES

       The Company does not consider itself to be engaged in trade or business
       in the United States and, accordingly, does not expect to be subject to
       United States income tax.

9.     STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS

       Under The Act, Olympus Re is required to prepare Statutory Financial
       Statements and to file a Statutory Financial Return. The Act also
       requires Olympus Re to meet certain minimum capital and surplus
       requirements. To satisfy these requirements, Olympus Re was required to
       maintain a minimum level of statutory capital and surplus of
       $260,515,704, $261,589,120 and $149,261,044 at December 31, 2004, 2003
       and 2002 respectively. Olympus Re's statutory capital and surplus was
       $602,649,109, $668,937,898 and $593,312,822 at December 31, 2004, 2003
       and 2002 respectively.

                                      (8)
<PAGE>
OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND 2002
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(expressed in U.S. dollars)


       Statutory capital and surplus as reported under The Act is different from
       shareholders' equity as determined in conformity with accounting
       principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP")
       due to certain items that are capitalized under GAAP but expensed under
       The Act.

       Olympus Re is also required to maintain a minimum liquidity ratio under
       the Act, which was met for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
       2002.




















                                      (9)
<PAGE>
                                                                     APPENDIX 1

                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTROL SHEET

      ====================================================================
               THIS SHEET IS TO REMAIN WITH THE MOST CURRENT COPY.
       ALL PERSONS TYPING IN THE STATEMENTS - INITIAL AND DATE THIS SHEET.
      ====================================================================

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------
FULL CLIENT NAME: OLYMPUS RE HOLDINGS, LTD.                                       DOCUMENT TITLE: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------
CLIENT CODE/TA FILE NUMBER: 46624                                                 YEAR/PERIOD END: DECEMBER 31, 2004, 2003 AND
                                                                                  2002
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------
SPELLING:      [X] AMERICAN     [ ] BRITISH                                       GAAP: US
- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------
FINALS DISTRIBUTION:       DISTRIBUTED TO:                           DATE:        FINALS PRINTED: FEBRUARY 25, 2005
- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------
BOUND COPIES:                                                                     TEAM LEADER:  TOM MILLER
- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------
10                                                                                TEAM MANAGER:  DARREN GREENWAY
- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  SENIOR(S):  ZAHEER ST.CLAIR
- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------
UNBOUND COPIES:
- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------- --------------------------------------------------


                                    DRAFTS                                                               FINALS

TYPED DRAFTS TO BE RETURNED TO: ZAHEER ST.CLAIR                        PRINTED FINALS TO BE RETURNED TO: ______________________
                                ---------------

INITIALS                                  DATE                         DATE/TIME REQUIRED: _________________________________
- --------                                  ----

CALL CHECKED BY/TO:                                                    INITIALS                                       DATE
                                                                       --------                                       ----
ADDS/CROSS ADDS/CALCS BY:
CROSS REF. VERIFIED BY:                                                ADDS/CROSS ADDS/CALCS BY:
OVERALL QUALITY CONTROL BY:                                            CROSS REF. VERIFIED BY:
TEAM MANAGER REVIEW:                                                   FORMATTING/QUALITY CONTROL BY:
TEAM LEADER REVIEW:                                                    FINAL SPELL CHECK BY:
DRAFTS TO CLIENT FOR REVIEW:                                           TEAM MANAGER REVIEW/APPROVAL FOR PRINTING:

1ST DRAFT (date/time required:                            )            TEAM LEADER REVIEW/APPROVAL FOR PRINTING:
- ---------                       --------------------------
Typed by: Karen Patterson       Date: February 8, 2005
Checked by:                     Date:
                                                                       PRINTED FINALS CHECKED FOR COMPILATION AND QUALITY
2ND DRAFT (date/time required:                            )                      (MATCH TO TRANSMITTAL LETTER):
- ---------                       --------------------------
Typed by: Edwina Arorash        Date: February 9, 2005
Checked by:                     Date:
                                                                       BINDING: (LIST PAGES OF F/S IN ORDER AND CHECK A/R)

3RD DRAFT (date/time required:                            )
- ---------                       --------------------------
Typed by:  Karen Patterson      Date: February 10, 2005
Checked by:                     Date:                                  1.
                                                                               ....................................................

4TH DRAFT (date/time required:                            )            2.
- ---------                       --------------------------                     ....................................................
Typed by: Karen Patterson       Date: February 16, 2005
Checked by:                     Date:                                  3.
                                                                               ....................................................

5TH DRAFT (date/time required:                            )            4.
- ---------                       --------------------------                     ....................................................
Typed by:  Karen Patterson      Date: February 17, 2005
Checked by:                     Date:                                  5.
                                                                               ....................................................

6TH DRAFT (date/time required:                            )            6.
- ---------                       --------------------------                     ....................................................
Typed by:                       Date:
Checked by:                     Date:                                  7.
                                                                               ....................................................

7TH DRAFT (date/time required:                            )            8.
- ---------                       --------------------------                     ....................................................
Typed by:                       Date:
Checked by:                     Date:                                  9.
                                                                               ....................................................

8TH DRAFT (date/time required:                            )            10.
- ---------                       --------------------------                     ....................................................
Typed by:                       Date:
Checked by:                     Date:

</TABLE>



                               EAGLEROCK CAPITAL
                               PARTNERS (QP), LP
















                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004



<PAGE>

                               EAGLEROCK CAPITAL
                               PARTNERS (QP), LP

















                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004



                                       1
<PAGE>
                                                                     CONTENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                             3

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
    Statements of assets and liabilities                                 4
    Statements of operations                                             5
    Statements of changes in partners' capital                           6
    Statements of changes in net assets                                  7
    Summary of business and significant accounting policies            8-9
    Notes to financial statements                                    10-13

EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP                                               14

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                            15

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
    Statements of assets and liabilities                                16
    Condensed schedule of investments - December 31, 2004            17-22
    Condensed schedule of investments - December 31, 2003            23-27
    Statements of operations                                            28
    Statements of changes in partners' capital                          29
    Statements of changes in net assets                                 30
    Summary of business and significant accounting policies          31-34
    Notes to financial statements                                    35-38






                                       2
<PAGE>
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



The Partners
EagleRock Capital Partners (QP), LP
New York, New York

We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of
EagleRock Capital Partners (QP), LP (a limited partnership) as of December 31,
2004 and 2003, and the related statements of operations, changes in partners'
capital, and changes in net assets for the three years then ended. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's management..
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of EagleRock Capital Partners
(QP), LP as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of its operations,
changes in partners' capital and its changes in net assets for the three years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.





January 21, 2005




                                       3
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                          STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 December 31,                                                                        2004                       2003
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>                        <C>
 ASSETS
 Investment in EagleRock Master Fund, LP                                     $163,520,126               $102,776,970
 Cash                                                                                 556                          -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              163,520,682                102,776,970
 LIABILITIES
 Due to EagleRock Master Fund, LP (Note 2)                                      1,974,347                    906,051
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 NET ASSETS (PARTNERS' CAPITAL)                                              $161,546,335               $101,870,919
 ======================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

        See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting policies
                                              and notes to financial statements.

















                                       4
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                                      STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year ended December 31,                                                      2004                  2003               2002
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>                   <C>                 <C>
INVESTMENT (LOSS) INCOME:
    Net investment (loss) income allocated from
      EagleRock Master Fund, LP:
          Interest                                                   $  4,326,725          $  4,401,712        $ 3,455,501
          Dividends                                                     1,024,367             2,020,980            102,514
          Expenses                                                     (7,186,079)           (4,281,435)        (1,246,441)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             NET INVESTMENT (LOSS) INCOME FROM EAGLEROCK               (1,834,987)            2,141,257          2,311,574
                MASTER FUND, LP
    Interest income                                                           556                     -          2,523,401
    Dividend income                                                             -                     -             35,692
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             TOTAL INVESTMENT (LOSS) INCOME                            (1,834,431)            2,141,257          4,870,667
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXPENSES:
    Interest                                                                    -                     -          2,030,350
    Management fee (Note 2)                                             1,068,296               584,522            489,495
    Dividends                                                                   -                     -             39,571
    Other                                                                       -                     -             19,704
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             TOTAL EXPENSES                                             1,068,296               584,522          2,579,120
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             NET INVESTMENT (LOSS) INCOME                              (2,902,727)            1,556,735          2,291,547
NET REALIZED GAIN ON INVESTMENTS                                                -                     -             19,651
REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS ALLOCATED
    FROM EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP:
       Net realized gain (loss) on investments                          5,606,973             9,686,036           (598,006)
       Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments             37,703,722            44,227,782         (6,284,778)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME (LOSS) (NOTE 1)                                            $40,407,968           $55,470,553        $(4,571,586)
============================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

        See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting policies
                                              and notes to financial statements.


                                       5
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS' CAPITAL
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Three years ended December 31, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          General                   Limited
                                                          partner                  partners                    Total
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>                   <C>                      <C>
BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 2002                              $              -     $                  -      $                  -
Capital contributions                                          971,952               50,000,000                50,971,952
Net loss (Note 1):
    Pro rata allocation                                        (86,758)              (4,484,828)               (4,571,586)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2002                                     885,194               45,515,172                46,400,366
Net income (Note 1):
    Pro rata allocation                                      1,074,563               54,395,990                55,470,553
    Performance allocation                                   4,991,114               (4,991,114)                        -
    Profit participation allocation                           (521,806)                 521,806                         -
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2003                                   6,429,065               95,441,854               101,870,919
Capital contributions                                                -               23,000,000                23,000,000
Capital withdrawals                                                  -               (3,732,552)               (3,732,552)
Net income (Note 1):
    Pro rata allocation                                      2,278,164               38,129,804                40,407,968
    Performance allocation                                   4,427,330               (4,427,330)                        -
    Profit participation allocation                           (581,663)                 581,663                         -
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2004                                 $12,552,896             $148,993,439              $161,546,335
============================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

        See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting policies
                                              and notes to financial statements.











                                       6
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                           STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year ended December 31,                                                  2004                 2003               2002
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>                  <C>                  <C>
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS:
       Net investment (loss) income                               $   (2,902,727)      $    1,556,735       $  2,291,547
       Net realized gain (loss) on investments                         5,606,973            9,686,036           (578,355)
       Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments            37,703,722           44,227,782         (6,284,778)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING          40,407,968           55,470,553         (4,571,586)
                FROM OPERATIONS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM CAPITAL
    TRANSACTIONS:
       Capital contributions                                          23,000,000                    -         50,971,952
       Capital withdrawals                                            (3,732,552)                   -                  -
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             NET INCREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM
                CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS                                  19,267,448                    -         50,971,952
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL INCREASE                                                        59,675,416           55,470,553         46,400,366
NET ASSETS, BEGINNING OF YEAR                                        101,870,919           46,400,366                  -
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSETS, END OF YEAR                                             $161,546,335         $101,870,919        $46,400,366
============================================================================================================================

</TABLE>

        See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting policies
                                              and notes to financial statements.









                                       7
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                       SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------



BUSINESS                         EagleRock Capital Partners (QP), L.P.
                                 ("Partnership") is a Delaware limited
                                 partnership organized to invest and trade in
                                 securities and other investment vehicles and
                                 instruments. The Partnership invests a
                                 significant portion of its assets in EagleRock
                                 Master Fund, LP. On May 1, 2002, the
                                 Partnership contributed all of its net assets
                                 to a related entity, EagleRock Master Fund, a
                                 Delaware partnership, in exchange for a pro
                                 rata share of equity in that partnership. On
                                 November 1, 2004, EagleRock Master Fund
                                 transferred its net assets and partnership
                                 interests to EagleRock Master Fund, LP, a
                                 Cayman Islands exempted partnership that became
                                 the surviving master partnership. As a result
                                 of the transfer, the Partnership received a pro
                                 rata share of the Partnership interest in Eagle
                                 Rock Master Fund, LP on that date. The
                                 financial statements of EagleRock Master Fund,
                                 LP are included elsewhere in this report and
                                 should be read with the Partnership's financial
                                 statements.


SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  Investment in EagleRock Master Fund, LP

                                 The investment in EagleRock Master Fund, LP is
                                 accounted for under the equity method, which
                                 reflects the Partnership's proportionate
                                 interest in the net assets and net income of
                                 EagleRock Master Fund, LP. Valuation of the
                                 investments held by EagleRock Master Fund, LP
                                 is discussed in the notes to the EagleRock
                                 Master Fund, LP financial statements included
                                 elsewhere in this report. The percentage of
                                 EagleRock Master Fund, LP partners' capital
                                 owned by the Partnership at December 31, 2004
                                 and 2003 was approximately 72% and 91%,
                                 respectively.

                                 Investment Transactions

                                 The Partnership records all security
                                 transactions and related expenses on a trade
                                 date basis. Revenues and expenses are recorded
                                 on the accrual basis. Dividends are recorded on
                                 the ex-dividend date and interest is accrued in
                                 the period earned.


                                       8
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                       SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 Income Taxes

                                 No income tax provision has been made in the
                                 accompanying financial statements since the
                                 partners are required to report their
                                 respective shares of the Partnership income in
                                 their individual income tax returns.

                                 Use of Estimates

                                 The preparation of financial statements in
                                 conformity with generally accepted accounting
                                 principles requires management to make
                                 estimates and assumptions that affect the
                                 reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
                                 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
                                 at the date of the financial statements and the
                                 reported amounts of revenues and expenses
                                 during the year. Actual results could differ
                                 from those estimates.

                                 Reclassifications

                                 Certain amounts in 2003 and 2002 have been
                                 reclassified to conform to the 2004
                                 presentation.






                                       9
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.    ALLOCATION OF NET INCOME
      (LOSS) AND PERFORMANCE
      ALLOCATION                 The net income (loss) for the three years ended
                                 December 31, 2004 is allocated to each partner
                                 in accordance with the ratio of the capital
                                 account of each partner to the total of all
                                 capital accounts at the beginning of each
                                 fiscal period.

                                 At the end of each performance period, 20% of
                                 net income in excess of cumulative loss is
                                 reallocated to the capital accounts of Mariel
                                 Capital Management, LLC ("General Partner") as
                                 a performance allocation. The General Partner
                                 may, at its discretion, waive or alter this
                                 allocation. For one of the limited partners of
                                 the Partnership, a separate agreement exists
                                 stating that at the end of each performance
                                 period, 10% of net income in excess of
                                 cumulative loss is reallocated to the capital
                                 account of the General Partner. For the years
                                 ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, the
                                 performance allocation was $4,427,330 and
                                 $4,991,114, respectively. There was no
                                 performance allocation for the year ended
                                 December 31, 2002.

                                 In consideration of one of the limited
                                 partner's contribution, the limited partner is
                                 entitled to receive 10% of any performance
                                 allocation paid to the General Partner by the
                                 Partnership and an affiliated partnership (the
                                 "Profit Participation Allocation"). Prior to
                                 June 1, 2003, the limited partner was entitled
                                 to 5% of any performance allocation paid to the
                                 General Partner by the Partnership. The General
                                 Partner may, at its discretion, increase this
                                 fee. For the years ended December 31, 2004 and
                                 2003, the Profit Participation Allocation was
                                 $581,663 and $521,806, respectively. There was
                                 no profit participation allocation for the year
                                 ended December 31, 2002.



                                       10
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.    DUE TO EAGLEROCK
      MASTER FUND, LP            Management Fees

                                 EagleRock Capital Management, LLC ("Investment
                                 Manager") serves as the Investment Manager of
                                 the Partnership. The Partnership incurs a
                                 quarterly fee payable at the beginning of each
                                 quarter equal to .375% of the capital account
                                 balance of each limited partner as of the close
                                 of the preceding quarter. The General Partner
                                 may, at its discretion, reduce or eliminate
                                 this fee. Management fees are paid by EagleRock
                                 Master Fund, LP and are discussed in the notes
                                 to EagleRock Master Fund, LP's financial
                                 statements included elsewhere in this report.
                                 For one of the limited partners of the
                                 Partnership, a separate agreement exists
                                 stating that the Partnership incur a quarterly
                                 fee payable at the beginning of each quarter
                                 equal to .25% of the capital account balance of
                                 the limited partner as of the close of the
                                 preceding quarter. For the years ended December
                                 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, the Partnership's
                                 management fees were $1,068,296, $584,522 and
                                 $489,495, respectively. As of December 31, 2004
                                 and 2003 an aggregate amount of $1,974,347 and
                                 $906,051, respectively, was due to EagleRock
                                 Master Fund, LP.



                                       11
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3.    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS       The financial highlights table represents the
                                 Partnership's financial performance for the
                                 three years ended December 31, 2004 are as
                                 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Limited partner                              2004               2003              2002
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>                <C>               <C>
                                 Total return before performance              34.11%            119.51%            (8.97)%
                                    allocation and profit
                                    participation allocation
                                 Performance allocation, net of
                                    profit participation allocation           (3.45)             (9.82)                -
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Total return after                    30.66%            109.69%            (8.97)%
                                        performance allocation and
                                           profit participation
                                           allocation (a)
                                 ===========================================================================================
                                 Operating expense ratio (b)                   3.19%              4.33%             1.93%
                                 Performance allocation, net of
                                    profit participation allocation            3.45               9.82                 -
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Total expenses and                     6.64%             14.15%             1.93%
                                           performance allocation,
                                           net of profit
                                           participation allocation
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Net investment (loss) income                 (2.60)%             3.33%             4.46%
                                     ratio (c)
                                 ===========================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                 -----------------

                                 The financial highlights disclosed above are
                                 calculated based on the following criteria:

                                 (a)        Total return is computed based on
                                            the change in value during the year
                                            of a theoretical investment made at
                                            the beginning of the year. The total
                                            return is shown net of operating
                                            expenses, management fees and the
                                            performance allocation, net of
                                            profit participation allocation.


                                       12
<PAGE>
                                           EAGLEROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS (QP), LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                 -----------------

                                            An individual partner's return may
                                            vary from the above returns based on
                                            participation in hot issues,
                                            different management fee and
                                            performance arrangements and the
                                            timing of capital transactions.

                                 (b)        The operating expense ratio is
                                            calculated by dividing the total
                                            operating expenses by the net assets
                                            of a theoretical investment made at
                                            the beginning of the year. The
                                            operating expense ratio is based on
                                            the expenses allocated to each
                                            limited partner prior to the effects
                                            of any performance allocation, net
                                            of profit participation allocation.
                                            For the purpose of this calculation,
                                            expenses do not include dividend and
                                            interest expense.

                                            The expense ratios attributable to
                                            an individual partner's account may
                                            vary based on different management
                                            fee and performance arrangements and
                                            the timing of capital transactions.

                                 (c)        The net investment (loss) income
                                            ratio is calculated by dividing the
                                            net investment (loss) income by the
                                            net assets of a theoretical
                                            investment made at the beginning of
                                            year. The net investment (loss)
                                            income ratio is based on the net
                                            investment income allocated to a
                                            limited partner prior to the effects
                                            of a performance allocation, net of
                                            profit participation allocation. The
                                            net investment (loss) income ratio
                                            attributable to an individual
                                            partner's account may vary based on
                                            timing of capital transactions.



                                       13
<PAGE>




                            EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP

















- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           TWO YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004 AND
                            PERIOD FROM MAY 1, 2002 (COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS)
                                                            TO DECEMBER 31, 2002






                                       14
<PAGE>
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



The Partners
EagleRock Master Fund, LP
Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities, including
the condensed schedule of investments, of EagleRock Master Fund LP (formerly,
EagleRock Master Fund) as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the related
statements of operations, changes in partners' capital, and changes in net
assets for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2004 and the
period from May 1, 2002 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2002. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of EagleRock Master Fund LP as of
December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of its operations, changes in
partners' capital and changes in net assets for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2004 and the period from May 1, 2002 (commencement of
operations) to December 31, 2002, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.





January 21, 2005


                                       15
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                          STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                                                    2004                  2003
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>                   <C>
ASSETS
Investments in securities, at fair value (cost $377,657,524 and $247,328,617)
    (Notes 1 and 5)                                                                     $468,825,344          $284,340,077
Dividends and interest receivable                                                          1,144,386             1,003,483
Due from affiliates (Note 3)                                                               2,302,938               954,130
Other                                                                                          9,166                13,805
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         472,281,834           286,311,495
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES
Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value (proceeds of sales $81,968,106
    and $66,145,693) (Notes 1 and 5)                                                      79,791,970            63,107,264
Due to broker (Note 1)                                                                   165,062,685           109,802,714
Dividends and interest payable                                                             1,013,698               795,178
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (Note 3 and 4)                                         72,065                     -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         245,940,418           173,705,156
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSETS (PARTNERS' CAPITAL)                                                          $226,341,416          $112,606,339
=============================================================================================================================

</TABLE>

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.






                                       16
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31, 2004
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $226,341,416)                                                Fair value
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>                                                                                    <C>
                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES:
                           Common stock (132.48%):
                                United States (127.90%):
                                    Building materials (.51%)                                                    $    1,161,807
                                    Business services (2.48%)                                                         5,627,465
                                    Capital equipment (8.62%)                                                        19,525,136
                                    Chemicals (6.21%):
      10,702,820                       Solutia Inc. (5.53%)                                                          12,522,299
                                       Other (.68%)                                                                   1,529,712
                                    Consumer products (15.36%):
       2,831,639                       Interstate Bakeries Corp. (8.01%)                                             18,122,490
                                       Other (7.35%)                                                                 16,637,751
                                    Electronics (6.82%)                                                              15,428,788
                                    Energy (2.99%)                                                                    6,777,288
                                    Financial services (4.33%)                                                        9,791,463
                                    Food processing (8.22%):
       4,267,101                       Darling International Inc. (8.22%)                                            18,604,560
                                       Other (0.00%)                                                                      2,306
                                    Health & death care (5.99%)                                                      13,550,291
                                    Index (.05%)                                                                        110,396
                                    Media, entertainment & leisure (8.72%)                                           19,743,377
                                    Mining and metals (2.78%)                                                         6,301,479
                                    Packaging and containers (8.51%):
       2,363,801                       Constar International Inc. (8.06%)                                            18,248,544
                                       Other (.45%)                                                                   1,008,018
                                    Pharmaceuticals (.60%)                                                            1,366,558
                                    Retail (9.47%)                                                                   21,440,736
                                    Software (16.06%)                                                                36,347,918
                                    Telecommunications (8.05%)                                                       18,211,070
                                    Transportation and defense (3.87%)                                                8,749,027
                                    Utilities (4.15%)                                                                 9,387,387
                                    Wireless Communications (4.11%)                                                   9,299,492
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - UNITED STATES (COST $229,389,463)                       289,495,358
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

==================================================================================================================================


                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.


                                       17
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $226,341,416)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (CONTINUED):
                           Common stock (132.48%) (continued):
                              Canada (.12%):
                                 Transportation and defense (.12%)                                               $       267,653
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - CANADA (COST $150,554)                                       267,653
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              China (1.40%):
                                 Software (1.40%)                                                                      3,172,433
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - CHINA (COST $3,156,229)                                    3,172,433
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              England (.07%):
                                 Telecommunications (.07%)                                                               160,844
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - ENGLAND (COST $229,485)                                      160,844
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              France (.41%):
                                 Chemicals (.41%)                                                                        936,249
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - FRANCE (COST $474,997)                                       936,249
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Germany (.72%):
                                 Financial services (.68%)                                                             1,543,000
                                 Health & death care (.04%)                                                               83,525
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - GERMANY (COST $1,489,915)                                  1,626,525
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Mexico (.08%):
                                 Media, entertainment & leisure (.08%)                                                   191,208
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - MEXICO (COST $178,388)                                       191,208
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Norway (.26%):
                                 Energy (.26%)                                                                           578,516
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - NORWAY (COST $201,021)                                       578,516
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Russia (.56%):
                                 Energy (.56%)                                                                         1,262,055
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - RUSSIA (COST $1,346,876)                                   1,262,055
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              South Africa (.96%):
                                 Mining and metals (.96%)                                                              2,167,776
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - SOUTH AFRICA (COST $2,328,853)                             2,167,776
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK (COST $238,945,781)                                        299,858,617
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.


                                       18
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $226,341,416)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (CONTINUED):
                           Long-term debt securities (64.08%):
                                United States (55.48%):
                                    Building materials (1.03%)                                                    $    2,329,875
                                    Business services (1.49%)                                                          3,380,600
                                    Capital equipment (1.01%)                                                          2,281,250
                                    Chemicals (.96%)                                                                   2,187,000
                                    Consumer products (.97%)                                                           2,212,825
                                    Electronics (.46%)                                                                 1,057,500
                                    Energy (.83%)                                                                      1,870,750
                                    Financial services (2.35%)                                                         5,329,750
                                    Index (.40%)                                                                         900,000
                                    Media, entertainment & leisure (9.53%)                                            21,557,505
                                    Mining and metals  (11.33%):
      26,100,000                       WCI Steel Inc 10% 12/1/04 Sr Nts (8.65%)                                       19,575,000
                                       Other (2.68%)                                                                   6,073,913
                                    Packaging and containers (3.03%)                                                   6,861,000
                                    Pharmaceuticals (.33%)                                                               740,000
                                    Retail (1.45%)                                                                     3,270,306
                                    Telecommunications (2.55%)                                                         5,767,215
                                    Transportation and defense (9.24%):
      30,225,000                       Delta Airlines 8.3% 12/15/29 (6.01%)                                           13,601,250
                                       Other (3.23%)                                                                   7,298,638
                                    Utilities (8.52%)                                                                 19,278,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - UNITED STATES (COST $98,068,993)         125,572,377
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    Bermuda (3.60%):
                                       Telecommunications (3.60%)                                                      8,144,900
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES  - BERMUDA (COST $8,224,170)                 8,144,900
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    England (.87%):
                                       Automotive (.85%)                                                               1,929,375
                                       Telecommunications (.02%)                                                          50,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - ENGLAND (COST $1,236,855)                  1,979,375
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.


                                       19
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $226,341,416)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (CONTINUED): Long-term debt
                           securities (64.08%) (continued):
                              Italy (2.27%):
                                 Consumer products (2.27%)                                                      $      5,126,585
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - ITALY (COST $11,532,266)                   5,126,585
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Mexico (.78%):
                                 Wireless communications (.78%)                                                        1,778,688
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - MEXICO (COST $1,654,435)                   1,778,688
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Norway (1.08%):
                                 Energy (1.08%)                                                                        2,435,543
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - NORWAY (COST $1,356,611)                   2,435,543
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES (COST $122,073,330)                        145,037,468
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Preferred stock (7.32%):
                              United States (7.32%):
                                 Building materials (2.86%)                                                            6,480,000
                                 Consumer products (.11%)                                                                243,000
                                 Electronics (1.22%)                                                                   2,750,000
                                 Financial services (.61%)                                                             1,378,000
                                 Media, entertainment & leisure (1.43%)                                                3,235,255
                                 Packaging and containers (.65%)                                                       1,483,920
                                 Transportation and defense (.28%)                                                       648,659
                                 Utilities (.16%)                                                                        352,568
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL PREFERRED STOCK (COST $8,322,031)                                     16,571,402
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Options purchased (3.25%) (cost $8,316,382):
                              United States (3.25%)                                                                    7,357,857
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (COST $377,657,524)                       $468,825,344
===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.


                                       20
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $226,341,416)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES SOLD, BUT NOT YET PURCHASED:
                           Common stock (8.19%):
                              United States (8.19%):
                                 Automotive (.30%)                                                               $       674,610
                                 Capital equipment (1.52%)                                                             3,447,267
                                 Chemicals (.72%)                                                                      1,619,352
                                 Consumer products (.35%)                                                                789,654
                                 Electronics (.74%)                                                                    1,671,917
                                 Energy (.56%)                                                                         1,281,500
                                 Financial services (1.14%)                                                            2,571,204
                                 Health & death care (.15%)                                                              340,800
                                 Index (.01%)                                                                             12,821
                                 Mining and metals (1.14%)                                                             2,589,750
                                 Pharmaceuticals (.78%)                                                                1,757,610
                                 Retail (.69%)                                                                         1,559,000
                                 Software (.02%)                                                                          34,842
                                 Telecommunications (.03%)                                                                77,412
                                 Transportation and defense (.04%)                                                        95,563
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     TOTAL COMMON STOCK - UNITED STATES (PROCEEDS $18,421,290)                        18,523,302
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Preferred stock (.80%):
                              United States (.80%):
                                 Building Materials (.80%)                                                             1,800,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     TOTAL PREFERRED STOCK (PROCEEDS $1,990,073)                                       1,800,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.


                                       21
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


December 31, 2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $226,341,416)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES SOLD, BUT NOT YET PURCHASED (CONTINUED):
                           Long-term debt securities (25.37%):
                              United States (25.37%):
                                 Automotive (3.64%)                                                               $    8,240,940
                                 Capital equipment (3.24%)                                                             7,325,750
                                 Chemicals (2.30%)                                                                     5,197,500
                                 Consumer products (2.11%)                                                             4,767,750
                                 Energy (.09%)                                                                           194,250
                                 Financial services (.88%)                                                             1,998,000
                                 Mining and metals (6.24%)                                                            14,120,250
                                 Packaging and containers (4.06%)                                                      9,189,188
                                 Retail (.46%)                                                                         1,045,000
                                 Transportation and defense (1.68%)                                                    3,810,125
                                 Utilities (.67%)                                                                      1,525,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES (PROCEEDS $58,666,374)                         57,413,753
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Options written (.91%) (proceeds $2,890,369):
                              United States (.91%):                                                                    2,054,915
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     TOTAL SECURITIES SOLD, NOT YET PURCHASED (PROCEEDS $81,968,106)                 $79,791,970
===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.




                                       22
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2003
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $112,606,339)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES:
                           Common stock (161.07%):
                              United States (145.31%):
                                 Building materials (.29%)                                                       $       322,784
                                 Business services (13.32%)                                                           15,001,695
                                 Capital equipment (3.09%)                                                             3,479,129
                                 Chemicals (3.47%)                                                                     3,902,702
                                 Consumer cyclical (2.37%)                                                             2,666,493
                                 Consumer non-cyclical (6.47%)                                                         7,281,674
                                 Electronics (18.03%)                                                                 20,307,414
                                 Energy (4.22%)                                                                        4,756,272
                                 Financial services (6.86%)                                                            7,725,724
                                 Food packaging (6.42%)                                                                7,224,658
                                 Food processing (19.02%):
       6,839,651                    Darling International (16.77%)                                                    18,877,437
                                    Other (2.25%)                                                                      2,538,795
                                 Health and death care (7.47%)                                                         8,409,119
                                 Index (.34%)                                                                            380,009
                                 Media, entertainment and leisure (13.80%)                                            15,543,613
                                 Mining and metals (4.14%)                                                             4,663,134
                                 Other (.31%)                                                                            348,000
                                 Pharmaceuticals (6.67%)                                                               7,506,548
                                 Telecommunications (5.76%)                                                            6,484,440
                                 Transportation and defense (5.53%)                                                    6,228,761
                                 Utilities (2.01%)                                                                     2,262,357
                                 Wireless communications (15.74%):
       2,051,730                    Nextwave Telecom (5.83%)                                                           6,565,536
                                    Other (9.91%)                                                                     11,156,695
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - UNITED STATES (COST $138,787,395)                        163,632,989
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.



                                       23
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2003
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $112,606,339)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (CONTINUED):
                           Common stock (161.07%) (continued):
                              Bermuda (5.20%):
                                 Pharmaceuticals (1.97%)                                                          $    2,223,916
                                 Telecommunications (3.23%)                                                            3,636,234
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - BERMUDA (COST $3,670,524)                                  5,860,150
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Canada (1.41%):
                                 Electronics (1.25%)                                                                   1,411,154
                                 Mining and metals (.16%)                                                                179,410
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - CANADA (COST $1,557,864)                                   1,590,564
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Norway (7.51%):
                                 Energy (7.51%):
         198,305                    Petroleum Geo Svcs ASA New Sponsored ADR (6.43%)                                   7,238,133
                                    Other (1.08%)                                                                      1,216,494
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - NORWAY (COST $3,482,011)                                   8,454,627
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              South Africa (1.63%):
                                    Mining and metals (1.63%)                                                          1,834,504
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - SOUTH AFRICA (COST $1,586,277)                             1,834,504
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK (COST $149,084,071)                                        181,372,834
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Long-term debt securities (81.18%):
                              United States (70.25%):
                                 Building materials(1.97%)                                                             2,220,000
                                 Business services (2.50%)                                                             2,817,900
                                 Chemicals (7.27%)                                                                     8,190,000
                                 Consumer cyclical (.09%)                                                                 99,000
                                 Consumer non-cyclical (2.86%)                                                         3,220,000
                                 Electronics (5.00%)                                                                   5,635,000
                                 Financial services (1.89%)                                                            2,123,250
                                 Food packaging (4.13%)                                                                4,650,000
                                 Health and death care (1.88%)                                                         2,115,000
                                 Index (.27%)                                                                            300,000
                                 Media, entertainment and leisure (7.61%)                                              8,566,500
===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.


                                       24
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2003
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $112,606,339)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (CONTINUED): Long-term debt
                           securities (81.18%) (continued):
                              United States (70.25%) (continued):
                                 Mining and metals (15.51%):
       6,815,000                    AK Steel Corp. - 7.75% - 02/15/09 (5.12%)                                     $    5,764,809
      27,000,000                    WCI Steel - 10% - 12/1/04 (7.19%)                                                  8,100,000
                                    Other (3.20%)                                                                      3,602,250
                                 Telecommunications (4.81%)                                                            5,412,786
                                 Transportation and defense (1.83%)                                                    2,056,530
                                 Utilities (12.64%)                                                                   14,229,500
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - UNITED STATES (COST $72,625,658)             79,102,525
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Canada (.64%):
                                 Transportation and defense (.64%)                                                       720,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - CANADA (COST $336,360)                          720,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              England (1.13%):
                                 Telecommunications (.04%)                                                                50,000
                                 Transportation and defense (1.09%)                                                    1,225,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - ENGLAND (COST $1,186,428)                     1,275,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Italy (5.85%):
                                 Consumer non-cyclical (5.85%)                                                         6,585,877
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - ITALY (COST $11,907,247)                      6,585,877
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Mexico (1.28%):
                                 Wireless communications (1.28%)                                                       1,445,184
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - MEXICO (COST $1,667,528)                      1,445,184
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Norway (2.03%):
                                 Energy (2.03%)                                                                        2,284,866
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES - NORWAY (COST $1,285,279)                      2,284,866
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES (COST $89,008,500)                             91,413,452
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.




                                       25
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2003
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $112,606,339)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (CONTINUED):
                           Preferred stock (8.82%):
                              United States (8.82%):
                                 Basic materials (.18%)                                                          $       202,500
                                 Consumer cyclical (2.40%)                                                             2,699,377
                                 Energy (.50%)                                                                           566,352
                                 Food packaging (.98%)                                                                 1,101,692
                                 Media, entertainment and leisure (2.58%)                                              2,901,755
                                 Telecommunications (1.91%)                                                            2,150,449
                                 Utilities (.27%)                                                                        308,966
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL PREFERRED STOCK (COST $7,521,319)                                         9,931,091
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Options purchased (1.44%) (cost $1,714,726):
                              United States (1.44%)                                                                    1,622,700
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES (COST $247,328,617)                          $284,340,077
===================================================================================================================================
                       SECURITIES SOLD, NOT YET PURCHASED:
                           Common stock (20.15%):
                              United States (20.01%):
                                 Building materials (.50%)                                                       $       566,694
                                 Business services (.32%)                                                                362,540
                                 Consumer cyclical (.80%)                                                                905,457
                                 Consumer non-cyclical (1.20%)                                                         1,347,921
                                 Electronics (.41%)                                                                      466,711
                                 Energy (.09%)                                                                            98,485
                                 Financial services (1.50%)                                                            1,690,031
                                 Food packaging (1.50%)                                                                1,686,427
                                 Food processing (.13%)                                                                  151,236
                                 Health and death care (.91%)                                                          1,026,682
                                 Index (5.23%):
          52,740                    Standard and Poors Depository Receipts (5.21%)                                     5,868,907
                                    Other (.02%)                                                                          21,690
                                 Media, entertainment and leisure (1.06%)                                              1,196,503
                                    Mining and metals (.42%)                                                             472,770
                                    Pharmaceuticals (.77%)                                                               870,344
                                    Telecommunications (.19%)                                                            211,950
===================================================================================================================================

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.



                                       26
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                             CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

December 31, 2003
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of shares/face  Description (% of net assets of $112,606,339)                                                Fair value
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES SOLD, NOT YET PURCHASED (CONTINUED):
                           Common stock (20.15%) (continued):
                              United States (20.01%)(continued):
                                 Transportation and defense (1.77%)                                               $    1,989,252
                                 Utilities (.06%)                                                                         62,224
                                 Wireless communications (3.14%)                                                       3,537,424
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - UNITED STATES (PROCEEDS $22,234,389)                      22,533,248
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Canada (.03%):
                                 Electronics (.03%)                                                                       38,458
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - CANADA (PROCEEDS $27,199)                                     38,458
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Norway (.11%):
                                 Energy (.11%)                                                                           123,078
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK - NORWAY (PROCEEDS $519,501)                                   123,078
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL COMMON STOCK (PROCEEDS $22,781,089)                                      22,694,784
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Long-term debt securities (35.54%):
                              United States (35.54%):
                                 Business services (1.76%)                                                             1,980,000
                                 Capital equipment (4.56%)                                                             5,139,000
                                 Chemicals (12.96%)                                                                   14,591,230
                                 Consumer non-cyclical (.86%)                                                            970,000
                                 Electronics (1.84%)                                                                   2,075,000
                                 Energy (.43%)                                                                           489,500
                                 Food packaging (5.33%)                                                                6,005,250
                                 Mining and metals (2.97%)                                                             3,346,000
                                 Transportation and defense (3.41%)                                                    3,845,000
                                 Utilities (1.40%)                                                                     1,580,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES (PROCEEDS $42,846,445)                         40,020,980
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Options written (.35%) (proceeds $518,159):
                              United States (.35%)                                                                       391,500
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       TOTAL SECURITIES SOLD, NOT YET PURCHASED (PROCEEDS $66,145,693)             $  63,107,264
===================================================================================================================================

</TABLE>

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.




                                       27
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                                      STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                 Period from
                                                                                                                 May 1, 2002
                                                                                                              (commencement of
                                                                        Year ended December 31,                 operations) to
                                                             --------------------------------------------        December 31,
                                                                     2004                   2003                     2002
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>                     <C>                 <C>
INVESTMENT INCOME:
    Interest                                                        $  5,053,958           $  4,615,738           $ 3,479,481
    Dividends, net of withholding taxes                                1,159,591              2,119,247               103,225
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          TOTAL INVESTMENT INCOME                                      6,213,549              6,734,985             3,582,706
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXPENSES:
    Interest on securities sold, not yet purchased                     4,526,696              2,449,318               741,658
    Margin interest                                                    2,486,380              1,357,321               337,766
    Dividends on securities sold, not yet purchased                      900,263                557,251               124,820
    Other                                                                473,715                125,723                50,847
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          TOTAL EXPENSES                                               8,387,054              4,489,613             1,255,091
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          NET INVESTMENT (LOSS) INCOME                                (2,173,505)             2,245,372             2,327,615
NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS                                4,381,952             10,157,003              (602,156)
NET CHANGE IN UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS                   52,979,588             46,378,281            (6,328,391)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME (LOSS) (NOTE 2)                                           $55,188,035            $58,780,656           $(4,602,932)
=================================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.




                                       28
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS' CAPITAL
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Two years ended December 31, 2004 and period from May 1, 2002
    (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2002
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              EagleRock Capital
                                               EagleRock Capital       EagleRock Capital      Partners Offshore
                                               Partners QP, L.P.        Partners, L.P.             Fund, Ltd.            Total
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>                      <C>                     <C>                   <C>
BALANCE, MAY 1, 2002                         $                 -     $                 -     $                 -   $             -
Capital contributions                                 51,293,105                 966,397                       -        52,259,502
Capital withdrawals                                            -                (581,952)                      -          (581,952)
Net loss (Note 2):                                                                                             -
    Pro rata allocation                               (4,571,210)                (31,722)                      -        (4,602,932)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2002                            46,721,895                 352,723                       -        47,074,618
Capital contributions                                          -               6,800,000                       -         6,800,000
Capital withdrawals                                            -                 (48,935)                      -           (48,935)
Net income (Note 2):
    Pro rata allocation                               56,055,075               2,725,581                       -        58,780,656
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2003                           102,776,970               9,829,369                       -       112,606,339
Transfer from EagleRock Capital Partners
  Offshore Fund, Ltd.                                          -                       -              10,100,017        10,100,017
Capital contributions                                 23,000,000              15,654,565              13,525,012        52,179,577
Capital withdrawals                                   (3,732,552)                      -                       -        (3,732,552)
Net income (Note 2):
    Pro rata allocation                               41,475,708               7,430,887               6,281,440        55,188,035
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2004                          $163,520,126             $32,914,821             $29,906,469      $226,341,416
====================================================================================================================================

</TABLE>

                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.



                                       29
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                           STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                 Period from
                                                                                                                 May 1, 2002
                                                                                                              (commencement of
                                                                        Year ended December 31,                 operations) to
                                                             --------------------------------------------        December 31,
                                                                      2004                    2003                   2002
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>                    <C>                   <C>
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS:
       Net investment (loss) income                               $   (2,173,505)        $    2,245,372        $  2,327,615
       Net realized gain (loss) on investments                         4,381,952             10,157,003            (602,156)
       Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments            52,979,588             46,378,281          (6,328,391)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING
             FROM OPERATIONS                                          55,188,035             58,780,656          (4,602,932)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM CAPITAL
    TRANSACTIONS:
       Transfer from EagleRock Capital Partners Offshore
          Fund, Ltd.                                                  10,100,017                      -                   -
       Capital contributions                                          52,179,577              6,800,000          52,259,502
       Capital withdrawals                                            (3,732,552)               (48,935)           (581,952)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          NET INCREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM CAPITAL
             TRANSACTIONS                                             58,547,042              6,751,065          51,677,550
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL INCREASE                                                       113,735,077             65,531,721          47,074,618
NET ASSETS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                      112,606,339             47,074,618                   -
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSETS, END OF PERIOD                                           $226,341,416           $112,606,339         $47,074,618
===============================================================================================================================

</TABLE>


                 See accompanying summary of business and significant accounting
                                     policies and notes to financial statements.



                                       30
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                       SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


BUSINESS                         EagleRock Master Fund, LP ("Partnership") is a
                                 Cayman Islands exempted partnership that
                                 invests and trades in securities and other
                                 investment vehicles and instruments.

                                 The Partnership is a successor of EagleRock
                                 Master Fund, a Delaware partnership, which
                                 transferred all of its net assets on November
                                 1, 2004. As a result, the financial statements
                                 are presented as if the entities were always
                                 the same reporting entity.

                                 In addition, the EagleRock Capital Partners
                                 Offshore Fund, Ltd. transferred all of its net
                                 assets to the Partnership in exchange for a pro
                                 rata share of the Partnership interests based
                                 on net assets contributed at that date and
                                 became a feeder fund of the Partnership.

                                 EagleRock Capital Partners, LP, EagleRock
                                 Capital Partners (QP), LP and EagleRock Capital
                                 Partners Offshore Fund, Ltd. (collectively
                                 "Feeder Funds") are all entities under common
                                 control and are the general and limited
                                 partners of the Partnership. Mariel Capital
                                 Management, LLC is also a general partner of
                                 the Partnership and has no capital balance at
                                 December 31, 2004.


SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  Investment Transactions

                                 The Partnership records all security
                                 transactions and related expenses on a trade
                                 date basis. Revenues and expenses are recorded
                                 on the accrual basis. Dividends are recorded on
                                 the ex-dividend date and interest is accrued in
                                 the period earned.



                                       31
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                       SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 Investment Valuation

                                 Securities and other investments listed or
                                 traded on a national securities exchange or on
                                 the national market system of NASDAQ are valued
                                 at their last sales price on the date of
                                 valuation or if there has been no sale on that
                                 date, at the mean of the bid (for investments)
                                 or ask (for investments sold, not yet
                                 purchased) prices supplied by market making
                                 broker-dealers at the close of business.
                                 Certain long-term debt and other securities for
                                 which quotations are not readily available are
                                 valued at estimated fair value as determined in
                                 good faith by the general partner. The values
                                 assigned to such investments are based upon
                                 available information and do not necessarily
                                 represent amounts which might ultimately be
                                 realized. Because of the inherent uncertainty
                                 of valuation, those estimated fair values may
                                 differ from the values that would have been
                                 used had a ready market for the investments
                                 existed and those differences could be
                                 material. The resulting unrealized gains and
                                 losses are reflected in the statements of
                                 operations.

                                 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
                                 Hedging Activities

                                 The Partnership recognizes all derivatives as
                                 either assets or liabilities in the statement
                                 of assets and liabilities and measures those
                                 instruments at fair value. Fair values for
                                 derivatives traded on a national exchange,
                                 principally certain options, are based on
                                 quoted market prices.


                                       32
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                       SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 The Partnership uses purchased and written
                                 option contracts as part of its investment
                                 strategy to manage market risk. Option
                                 contracts are contractual agreements that give
                                 the purchaser the right, but not the
                                 obligation, to purchase or sell a financial
                                 instrument at a predetermined exercise price.
                                 In return for this right, the purchaser pays a
                                 premium to the seller of the option. By selling
                                 or writing options, the Partnership receives a
                                 premium and becomes obligated during the term
                                 of the option to purchase or sell a financial
                                 instrument at a predetermined exercise price if
                                 the option is exercised, and assumes the risk
                                 of not being able to enter into a closing
                                 transaction if a liquid secondary market does
                                 not exist. Option contracts are recorded in the
                                 statement of assets and liabilities at fair
                                 value as discussed above. Gains and losses on
                                 option contracts are recorded in the statement
                                 of operations in net realized and unrealized
                                 gain/loss on investments.

                                 Foreign Currency

                                 Investment securities and other assets and
                                 liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                                 are translated into U.S. dollar amounts at the
                                 date of valuation. Purchases and sales of
                                 investment securities and income and expense
                                 items denominated in foreign currencies are
                                 translated into U.S. dollar amounts on the
                                 respective dates of such transactions.

                                 The Partnership does not isolate that portion
                                 of the results of operations resulting from
                                 changes in foreign exchange rates on
                                 investments from the fluctuations arising from
                                 changes in market prices of securities held.
                                 Such fluctuations are included with the net
                                 realized and unrealized gain or loss from
                                 investments.

                                 Income Taxes

                                 The Partnership is exempt from all forms of
                                 taxation in the Cayman Islands including
                                 income, capital gains and withholding taxes. In
                                 jurisdictions other than the Cayman Islands,
                                 foreign taxes may be withheld on dividends and
                                 interest received by the Partnership at rates
                                 up to 30%. Capital gains derived by the
                                 Partnership are generally exempt from foreign
                                 income or withholding taxes at source. Dividend
                                 income is recorded net of any such withholding
                                 taxes.


                                       33
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                       SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 Prior to November 1, 2004, there was no income
                                 tax provision made in the accompanying
                                 financial statements since the partners were
                                 required to report their respective shares of
                                 the Partnership's income in their individual
                                 income tax returns.

                                 Use of Estimates

                                 The preparation of financial statements in
                                 conformity with generally accepted accounting
                                 principles requires management to make
                                 estimates and assumptions that affect the
                                 reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
                                 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
                                 at the date of the financial statements and the
                                 reported amounts of revenues and expenses
                                 during the reporting period. Actual results
                                 could differ from those estimates.

                                 Reclassifications

                                 Certain amounts in 2003 and 2002 have been
                                 reclassified to conform to the 2004
                                 presentation.





                                       34
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.    DUE TO BROKER              The Partnership has an agreement with a
                                 brokerage firm to carry its customer account.
                                 The broker has custody of the Partnership's
                                 securities and, from time to time, cash
                                 balances, which may be due from this broker.

                                 These securities and/or cash positions serve as
                                 collateral for any amounts due to broker as
                                 well as collateral for securities sold short or
                                 purchased on margin.

                                 The Partnership is subject to credit risk if
                                 the broker is unable to repay balances due or
                                 deliver securities in its custody.


2.    ALLOCATION OF NET INCOME
      (LOSS)                     The net income (loss) is allocated to each
                                 partner in accordance with the ratio of the
                                 capital account of each partner to the total of
                                 all capital accounts at the beginning of each
                                 fiscal period.


3.    MANAGEMENT FEES            EagleRock Capital Management, LLC ("Investment
                                 Manager") serves as the Investment Manager of
                                 the Partnership. The Partnership pays a
                                 quarterly management fee on behalf of its three
                                 Feeder Funds. As of December 31, 2004 and 2003,
                                 due from limited partnerships were $2,302,938
                                 and $954,130, respectively. In addition, the
                                 Partnership has a payable to the Investment
                                 Manager of $28,686 and $-0- as of December 31,
                                 2004 and 2003, respectively, which is included
                                 in accrued expenses and other liabilities.


4.    ADMINISTRATION FEES        Effective November 1, 2004, Butterfield Fund
                                 Services (Cayman) Limited serves as the
                                 administrator and registrar for the Partnership
                                 and its Feeder Funds. Pursuant to an
                                 Administrative and Services Agreement, the
                                 Partnership pays an administration fee on a
                                 monthly basis, in arrears based on the
                                 Partnership's net assets. For the period from
                                 November 1 to December 31, 2004, the
                                 administration fee was $43,379 which was
                                 payable at December 31, 2004 and included in
                                 accrued expenses and other liabilities.


                                       35
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH
      OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK     The Partnership invests in marketable
                                 securities and is exposed to market risks
                                 resulting from changes in the fair value of
                                 their investments. Derivative financial
                                 instruments are used by the Partnership to help
                                 manage such market risk.

                                 Securities sold, not yet purchased by the
                                 Partnership, may give rise to off-balance sheet
                                 risk. The Partnership may sell a security it
                                 does not own in anticipation of a decline in
                                 the fair value of that security. When the
                                 Partnership sells a security short, it must
                                 borrow the security sold short. A gain, limited
                                 to the price at which the Partnership sold the
                                 security short, or a loss, unlimited in amount,
                                 will be recognized upon the termination of a
                                 short sale. The Partnership has recorded this
                                 obligation in the financial statements at the
                                 December 31, 2004 and 2003 market value of
                                 these securities. There is an element of market
                                 risk in that, if the securities increase in
                                 value, it will be necessary to purchase the
                                 securities at a cost in excess of the price
                                 reflected in the statement of assets and
                                 liabilities. The amounts reflected in
                                 investments in securities owned and securities
                                 sold, not yet purchased include $22,663,677 and
                                 $29,528,151 of identical securities held both
                                 long and short at December 31, 2004 and 2003,
                                 respectively.

                                 The Partnership is exposed to credit-related
                                 losses in the event of nonperformance by
                                 counterparties to financial instruments, but it
                                 does not expect any counterparties to fail to
                                 meet their obligations. The aggregate credit
                                 exposure related to the derivative financial
                                 instruments of the Partnership is equal to the
                                 fair value of the contracts with positive fair
                                 values as of December 31, 2004 and 2003.


                                       36
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6.    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS       The financial highlights table represents the
                                 Partnership's financial performance for the
                                 years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 and the
                                 period from May 1, 2002 (commencement of
                                 operations) to December 31, 2002 are as
                                 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Partner                                    2004             2003            2002
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>              <C>
                                 Total return (a)                          34.99%          120.81%          (9.54)%
                                 ===================================================================================
                                 Operating expense ratio (b)                2.17%            3.05%            .73%
                                 ===================================================================================
                                 Net investment (loss) income ratio (c)   (1.60)%           7.66%           4.60%
                                 ===================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                 -----------------

                                 The financial highlights disclosed above are
                                 calculated based on the following criteria:

                                 (a)        Total return is computed based on
                                            the change in value during the
                                            period of a theoretical investment
                                            made at the beginning of the period.
                                            The total return is shown net of
                                            operating expenses. There is no
                                            performance fee allocated to the
                                            Partnership.

                                            An individual partner's return may
                                            vary from the above returns based on
                                            participation in hot issues,
                                            different fee arrangements and the
                                            timing of capital transactions.

                                 (b)        The operating expense ratio is
                                            calculated by dividing the total
                                            operating expenses by the net assets
                                            of a theoretical investment made at
                                            the beginning of the period. The
                                            operating expense ratio is based on
                                            the expenses allocated to each
                                            limited partner. For the purpose of
                                            this calculation, expenses do not
                                            include dividend and interest
                                            expense on securities sold, not yet
                                            purchased.

                                            The expense ratios attributable to
                                            an individual partner's account may
                                            vary based on different fee
                                            arrangements and the timing of
                                            capital transactions.


                                       37
<PAGE>
                                                     EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP


                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 -----------------

                                 (c)        The net investment (loss) income
                                            ratio is calculated by dividing the
                                            net investment income by the net
                                            assets of a theoretical investment
                                            made at the beginning of period. The
                                            net investment (loss) income ratio
                                            is based on the net investment
                                            (loss) income allocated to a limited
                                            partner. The net investment (loss)
                                            income ratio attributable to an
                                            individual partner's account may
                                            vary based on timing of capital
                                            transactions.


7.    SUBSEQUENT CAPITAL
      TRANSACTIONS               From January 1, 2005 through January 21, 2005,
                                 there were $1,000,000 in capital contributions.
                                 There were no capital withdrawals.

















                                       38

<PAGE>
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Stockholder
WilTel Communications Group, Inc.

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of WilTel
Communications Group, Inc. as of November 5, 2003 (Successor Company), and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the period from January 1, 2003 to November 5, 2003
(Successor Company), the period from November 1, 2002 to December 31, 2002
(Successor Company), and the period from January 1, 2002 to October 31, 2002
(Predecessor Company). These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of WilTel
Communications Group, Inc. at November 5, 2003 (Successor Company), and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from
January 1, 2003 to November 5, 2003 (Successor Company), the period from
November 1, 2002 to December 31, 2002 (Successor Company), and the period from
January 1, 2002 to October 31, 2002 (Predecessor Company), in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

                                       Ernst & Young LLP

Tulsa, Oklahoma
February 20, 2004

                                       1

<PAGE>

                                            WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.

                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           Successor Company
                                                                          --------------------
                                                                                As of
                                                                              November 5,
                                                                                2003
                                                                             ------------
                                                                           (In thousands)
<S>                                                                               <C>
Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.............................................. ..$     208,286
  Receivables less allowance of $5,036,000..................................      235,950
  Notes receivable..........................................................          425
  Prepaid assets and other..................................................       62,239
                                                                            -------------
Total current assets........................................................      506,900
Property, plant and equipment, net..........................................    1,236,743
Other assets and deferred charges..........................................        51,919
                                                                            -------------
Total assets............................................................... $   1,795,562
                                                                            =============

Liabilities and stockholders' equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable.......................................................... $    183,313
  Deferred revenue..........................................................       47,858
  Accrued liabilities.......................................................      187,756
  Long-term debt due within one year........................................        4,021
                                                                             ------------
Total current liabilities...................................................      422,948
Long-term debt..............................................................      502,746
Long-term deferred revenue.................................................       154,498
Other liabilities...........................................................      135,824
Minority interest in consolidated subsidiary................................          --
Contingent liabilities and commitments
Stockholders' equity:
  WilTel common stock, $0.01 par value, 200 million shares
    authorized, 50 million shares outstanding ..............................          500
  Capital in excess of par value............................................      749,500
  Accumulated deficit.......................................................     (169,795)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).............................         (659)
                                                                             ------------
Total stockholders' equity..................................................      579,546
                                                                             ------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity.................................  $  1,795,562
                                                                             ============


</TABLE>


                             See accompanying notes.

                                       2
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                                     Successor Company        Predecessor Company
                                                            -------------------------------    ----------------
                                                              Period from
                                                               January 1,     Two Months        Ten Months
                                                              2003 through      Ended             Ended
                                                               November 5,     December 31,      October 31,
                                                                   2003           2002             2002
                                                              ------------    -----------       ------------
                                                                        (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                                  <C>              <C>           <C>

Revenues ...................................................$    1,111,415    $    191,656    $   1,000,007
Operating expenses:
  Cost of sales ............................................       901,293         171,605          862,405
  Selling, general and administrative.......................       145,580          27,712          179,321
  Provision for doubtful accounts...........................         4,199             787           20,118
  Depreciation and amortization.............................       208,480          44,294          460,989
   Asset impairments and restructuring charges..............            --           8,572           28,483
   Other expense (income), net..............................        (1,298)         (6,242)          19,182
                                                            --------------    ------------    -------------
     Total operating expenses...............................     1,258,254         246,728        1,570,498
                                                            --------------    ------------    -------------
Loss from operations .......................................      (146,839)        (55,072)        (570,491)
Interest accrued............................................       (34,708)         (7,221)        (199,202)
Interest capitalized........................................           --              --             3,600
Investing income (loss):
  Interest and other .......................................         4,010             511           20,327
  Equity losses ............................................            --              --           (2,710)
  Income (loss) from investments............................            --              --            1,575
Minority interest in loss of consolidated subsidiary........         2,378             802           12,530
Gain on sale of consolidated subsidiary.....................        21,089              --               --
Other income (loss), net....................................        45,347              (66)            564
Reorganization items, net...................................            --              --        2,066,032
                                                            --------------    ------------    -------------
Income (loss) before income taxes...........................      (108,723)        (61,046)       1,332,225
Benefit (provision) from income taxes.......................           (23)             (3)          (1,030)
                                                            --------------    ------------    -------------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle......................................     (108,746)        (61,049)        1,331,195
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle.........            --              --           (8,667)
                                                            --------------    ------------    -------------
Net income (loss)...........................................     (108,746)        (61,049)        1,322,528
Preferred stock dividends and amortization of preferred
  stock issuance costs......................................            --              --           (5,473)
                                                            --------------    ------------    -------------
Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders...... $     (108,746)   $    (61,049)   $   1,317,055
                                                            ==============    ============    =============
Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share:
  Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in
     accounting principle attributable to common
     stockholders......................................... .$       (2.17)    $      (1.22)   $        2.66
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle.......           --              --              (.01)
                                                            --------------    ------------    -------------
  Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders...  $        (2.17)   $      (1.22)   $        2.65
                                                            ==============    ============    =============
  Weighted average shares outstanding.......................        50,000          50,000          497,621

</TABLE>

                                                 See accompanying notes.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Accumulated
                                                                   Capital in                        Other
                                                         Common      Excess of     Accumulated     Comprehensive
                                                         Stock      Par Value       Deficit       Income (Loss)       Total
                                                         -----      ---------       -------       -------------       -----
                                                                                  (In thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>

Predecessor Company:
Balance, December 31, 2001.............................$  4,910    $3,862,465    $(5,304,906)        $ (11,511)  $(1,449,042)
  Net income...........................................      --            --      1,322,528               --      1,322,528
  Other comprehensive income (loss):
   Net unrealized depreciation of marketable
    equity securities, net of reclassification
    adjustment for gains realized in net income....          --            --             --            (7,401)       (7,401)
   Foreign currency translation adjustments............      --            --             --             2,440         2,440
                                                                                                                   ---------
  Comprehensive income.................................                                                            1,317,567
  Agreement with The Williams Companies, Inc. (see
    Note 13)...........................................      --        42,937             --               --         42,937
  Stock award transactions.............................       3         5,953             --               --          5,956
  Preferred stock dividends and amortization of
   preferred stock issuance costs.......................     --        (5,473)            --               --         (5,473)
  Common stock issued to pay preferred stock
    dividends..........................................      19         4,142             --               --          4,161
  Preferred stock converted to common stock............      29        83,865             --               --         83,894
  Reorganization adjustments..........................   (4,961)   (3,993,889)      3,982,378           16,472            --
                                                       --------   -----------     ----------       -----------   -----------
Balance, October 31, 2002..............................      --            --             --               --            --
Successor Company:
  Issuance of WilTel common stock......................     500       749,500             --               --       750,000
  Net loss.............................................      --            --        (61,049)              --       (61,049)
  Other comprehensive income (loss):
   Foreign currency translation adjustments............      --            --             --               780           780
                                                                                                                 -----------
  Comprehensive loss...................................      --            --             --               --        (60,269)
                                                       --------   -----------     ----------       -----------   -----------
Balance, December 31, 2002.............................     500       749,500        (61,049)              780       689,731
  Net loss.............................................      --            --       (108,746)              --       (108,746)
  Other comprehensive loss:
   Foreign currency translation adjustments............      --            --             --              (781)         (781)
   Minimum pension liability adjustment................      --            --             --              (658)         (658)
                                                                                                                 -----------
   Comprehensive loss...................................     --            --             --               --      (110,185)
                                                       --------   -----------     ----------       -----------   -----------
Balance, November 5, 2003............................  $    500   $   749,500     $ (169,795)      $      (659)  $   579,546
                                                       ========   ===========     ==========       ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

                                                 See accompanying notes.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                                            WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.

                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                          Successor Company       Predecessor Company
                                                                   -----------------------------    --------------
                                                                  Period from
                                                                  January 1,       Two Months       Ten Months
                                                                 2003 through         Ended           Ended
                                                                  November 5,       December 31,    October 31,
                                                                     2003            2002             2002
                                                                     ----            ----             ----
                                                                               (In thousands)
<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>         <C>

Operating activities
Net income (loss)..............................................    $ (108,746)   $     (61,049)   $1,322,528
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
   provided by (used in) operating activities:
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle..............        --               --         8,667
  Depreciation and amortization ...................................   208,480           44,294       460,989
  Provision from deferred income taxes.............................        --               --         1,005
  Non-cash reorganization items:
     Gain on the discharge of liabilities..........................        --               --    (4,339,342)
     Fresh start valuation of assets and liabilities...............        --               --     2,154,464
     Write-off of deferred financing costs and debt discounts......        --               --       102,446
     Gain on forgiveness of interest...............................        --               --       (65,649)
  Provision for doubtful accounts..................................     4,199              787        20,118
  Equity losses....................................................        --               --         2,710
  Gain on sales of property and other assets.......................    (1,502)              --        (2,731)
  Gain on sales of investments.....................................        --               --          (666)
  Minority interest in loss of consolidated subsidiary.............    (2,378)            (802)      (12,530)
  Gain on sale of consolidated subsidiary..........................   (21,089)              --            --
  Cash provided by (used in) changes in:
    Receivables....................................................   (39,003)           9,001       204,344
    Prepaid and other current assets...............................   (37,686)          26,607       (30,489)
    Accounts payable...............................................    16,766           18,091       (48,719)
    Current deferred revenue.......................................    (7,339)          (9,536)       16,595
    Accrued liabilities............................................   (26,288)         (33,385)      103,297
    Long-term deferred revenue.....................................   (25,453)          (2,986)      (17,747)
    Other..........................................................    (1,967)          (3,181)       (1,654)
                                                                   ----------    -------------    ----------
Net cash used in operating activities..............................   (42,006)         (12,159)     (122,364)
Financing activities
Proceeds from long-term debt.......................................        --               --        12,586
Payments on and purchase of long-term debt.........................   (20,098)          (3,900)     (633,180)
Investment by Leucadia National Corporation........................        --          150,000            --
Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of expenses............        --               --         9,452
Debt issue costs...................................................        --               --          (531)
Preferred stock dividends paid.....................................        --               --        (4,161)
                                                                   ----------    -------------    ----------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities................   (20,098)         146,100      (615,834)


</TABLE>


                                       5

<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.

               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - (Continued)

 <TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                          Successor Company      Predecessor Company
                                                                   ---------------------------    -------------
                                                                  Period from
                                                                  January 1,       Two Months       Ten Months
                                                                 2003 through         Ended           Ended
                                                                  November 5,       December 31,    October 31,
                                                                     2003            2002             2002
                                                                     ----            ----             ----
                                                                                (In thousands)
<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>         <C>
Investing activities
Property, plant and equipment:
  Capital expenditures.............................................   (47,530)         (6,434)       (76,903)
  Proceeds from net tax refunds, settlements and sales.............    32,671           1,130         48,473
  Changes in accrued liabilities...................................   (12,533)         (5,585)       (82,484)
Proceeds from sale of consolidated subsidiary......................    19,575              --             --
Restricted investments.............................................   (13,081)             --             --
Purchase of investments............................................        --              --       (220,209)
Proceeds from sales of investments.................................        --             630      1,121,796
Other..............................................................        --              --           (907)
                                                                   ----------       ---------      ---------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities................   (20,898)        (10,259)       789,766
                                                                   ----------       ---------      ---------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents...................   (83,002)        123,682         51,568
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period...................   291,288         167,606        116,038
                                                                   ----------       ---------      ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period........................ $  208,286       $ 291,288      $ 167,606
                                                                   ==========       =========      =========
</TABLE>

                                                 See accompanying notes.

                                       6

<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.   Leucadia  Exchange Offer -- Basis of Presentation -- Summary of Significant
     Accounting Policies

     Leucadia Exchange Offer

     Effective November 6, 2003, WilTel  Communications  Group, Inc.  ("WilTel")
and Leucadia National Corporation ("Leucadia") consummated an exchange offer and
a merger agreement pursuant to which all WilTel stockholders  received 0.4242 of
a Leucadia  common share for each share of WilTel common stock.  Leucadia issued
11,156,460  of its common shares in exchange for all of the WilTel common shares
that it did not previously own. Upon completion of the back-end  merger,  WilTel
ceased to be a public company and is consolidated by Leucadia effective November
6, 2003.

     The  merger  agreement  also  provided  that  WilTel  stockholders  receive
contingent sale rights, which entitle WilTel stockholders to additional Leucadia
common  shares  if  Leucadia  sells  substantially  all of  WilTel's  assets  or
outstanding  shares of capital stock prior to October 15, 2004,  or  consummates
such a sale at a later  date if the sale  agreement  was  entered  into prior to
August 21, 2004,  and in either  case,  the net  proceeds  exceed the  valuation
ascribed to WilTel's equity in the merger transaction.

     Basis of Presentation

     2003 Presentation

     The  financial  statements  presented for 2003 are as of and for the period
from January 1, 2003 through  November 5, 2003,  which  represents the financial
position and results of operations  and cash flows prior to the  acquisition  by
Leucadia.

     Emergence from the Chapter 11 Proceedings in October 2002

     On April 22,  2002,  Williams  Communications  Group,  Inc.  ("WCG") and CG
Austria,  Inc.  (collectively,  the "Debtors")  filed petitions for relief under
Chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the "Bankruptcy  Code") in the
United  States  Bankruptcy  Court  for the  Southern  District  of New York (the
"Bankruptcy  Court").  On September 30, 2002,  the  Bankruptcy  Court entered an
order confirming the Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of  Reorganization  of
the Debtors (the "Plan"),  effective on October 15, 2002 (the "Effective Date").
Pursuant to the Plan and the confirmation  order, WilTel  Communications  Group,
Inc.  ("WilTel"  and,  together with its direct and indirect  subsidiaries,  the
"Company") emerged on October 15, 2002 as the successor to WCG.

     WCG was a  non-operating  holding company whose principal asset was 100% of
the membership interest in Williams  Communications,  LLC ("WCL"), which changed
its name to WilTel  Communications,  LLC in January 2003. In connection with the
consummation   of  the  Plan  (as   described  in  Note  19),  WCG   transferred
substantially  all of its  assets to  WilTel  on  October  15,  2002.  WCL is an
operating  company,  which owns or leases and operates a  nationwide  inter-city
fiber-optic network,  extended locally and globally, to provide Internet,  data,
voice and video  services.  Information  on WilTel's  operations  by segment and
geographic  area  is  included  in Note 2. In  addition,  WCL is the  direct  or
indirect parent of all the remaining  subsidiaries of the Company,  including CG
Austria, Inc., a non-operating holding company with direct and indirect interest
in certain  foreign  subsidiaries  of the  Company.  WCL was not included in the
chapter 11 proceedings.

     The Company  became  subject to the  provisions  of  Statement  of Position
("SOP")  90-7,  "Financial  Reporting  by Entities in  Reorganization  under the
Bankruptcy  Code," upon  commencement  of the chapter 11  proceedings.  SOP 90-7
required that revenues,  expenses,  realized gains and losses and provisions for
losses  resulting from the  reorganization  and  restructuring of the Company be
reported  separately as  reorganization  items in the consolidated  statement of
operations.  Interest expense on liabilities subject to compromise and preferred
stock  dividends   ceased  to  accrue  upon   commencement  of  the  chapter  11
proceedings.

                                       7
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     The Company  emerged  from the chapter 11  proceedings  in October 2002 and
implemented  fresh start  accounting  under the provisions of SOP 90-7 effective
October 31, 2002 to coincide with its normal  monthly  financial  closing cycle.
Under SOP 90-7, the net reorganization value of the Company was allocated to its
assets and  liabilities,  its accumulated  deficit was eliminated and new equity
was  issued  according  to  the  Plan.  The  Company  recorded  a  $2.2  billion
reorganization  charge to adjust the historical carrying value of its assets and
liabilities   to  fair  value   reflecting   the  allocation  of  the  Company's
reorganization  value of approximately $1.3 billion. The Company also recorded a
$4.3 billion gain on the  discharge of debt  pursuant to the Plan.  In addition,
changes  in  accounting  principles  that  would be  required  in the  financial
statements  within  twelve  months  following  emergence  from  the  chapter  11
proceedings were adopted in the Company's fresh start financial statements.  See
Note 20 for a presentation of the impact of implementing  fresh start accounting
on WCG's consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2002.

     The Company's emergence from the chapter 11 proceedings resulted in a new
reporting entity with no retained earnings or accumulated deficit as of October
31, 2002. Accordingly, the Company's consolidated financial statements for the
period prior to November 1, 2002 is not comparable to consolidated financial
statements presented on or subsequent to October 31, 2002. For periods prior to
November 1, 2002, the financial results have been separately presented under the
label "Predecessor Company" and for periods subsequent to October 31, 2002 the
financial results have been separately presented under the label "Successor
Company" as required by SOP 90-7. The Predecessor Company is also referred to as
"WCG" and the Successor Company is also referred to as "WilTel".

     Prior to April 2001,  The Williams  Companies,  Inc.  ("TWC") owned 100% of
WCG's  outstanding  Class B common stock which gave TWC approximately 98% of the
voting power of WCG. In March 2001, TWC's Board of Directors approved a tax-free
spin-off  of WCG to TWC's  shareholders.  On April  23,  2001,  TWC  distributed
approximately  95% of the WCG  common  stock it owned to  holders  of TWC common
shares on a pro rata basis (see Note 13).

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Use of Estimates

     The  preparation  of financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the reported  amounts in the financial  statements  and
disclosures of contingent  assets and  liabilities.  On an on-going  basis,  the
Company  evaluates all of these estimates and assumptions.  Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Principles of consolidation

     The consolidated  financial  statements include the accounts of the Company
and its majority-owned subsidiaries.  In addition, the Company also consolidated
a subsidiary  that it  controlled  but owned less than 50% of the voting  common
stock, until it was sold in 2003 (see Note 5).

Revenue Recognition

Network
- -------

     Capacity,   transmission,   video  services  and  other  telecommunications
services  revenues  are  recognized  monthly as the  services  are  provided  or
revenues are earned.  If at the time  services are  rendered  collection  is not
reasonably  assured  either  due to  credit  risk,  the  potential  for  billing
disputes,  or other reasons,  revenue is not recognized until such contingencies

                                       8
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

are  resolved.  Amounts  billed in advance of the service  month are recorded as
deferred revenue.  Payments received for the installation of conduit under joint
build  construction  contracts  are  generally  recorded  as a  recovery  of the
applicable  construction  costs.  Revenues under multiple element  contracts are
recognized based on the respective fair values of each individual element within
the  multiple  element  contract.  Revenues  from  conduit  and duct  sales  are
recognized  at  time  of  delivery  and  acceptance  and  when  all  significant
contractual  obligations  have  been  satisfied  and  collection  is  reasonably
assured.

     Grants of  indefeasible  rights of use, or IRUs, of  constructed  but unlit
fiber,  or dark fiber,  in exchange  for cash,  are  accounted  for as operating
leases,  since the Company's  IRUs generally do not transfer title to the fibers
under  lease  to  the  lessee.  If  title  is  transferred  to the  lessee,  the
transaction would be accounted for as a sales-type lease.

     Cost of sales includes  operating and maintenance  costs,  leased capacity,
right-of-way costs, access charges,  other third party circuit costs,  satellite
transponder  lease costs,  and package delivery costs and blank tape media costs
related to ads distribution  services.  Operating and maintenance  costs include
the costs of network  management  functions and personnel  that provide  network
fault indication,  performance information,  data and diagnosis functions, field
operations,  network  planning and  engineering  as well as the cost of contract
maintenance. WilTel does not defer installation costs.

     The Company has entered into transactions such as buying, selling, swapping
and/or  exchanging  capacity,  conduit and fiber to complete and  compliment its
network.  Depending upon the terms of the agreement,  certain  transactions  are
accounted for as pure asset swaps with no revenue and no cost recognition  while
certain  transactions  are  accounted  for as both  revenue  and  cost  over the
corresponding  length  of  time  for  each  agreement.  If the  exchange  is not
essentially the culmination of an earning process, accounting for an exchange of
a nonmonetary  asset is based on the recorded  amount of the  nonmonetary  asset
relinquished,  and therefore no revenue and cost is recorded in accordance  with
Accounting  Principles  Board ("APB")  Opinion No. 29.  Examples of transactions
cited by APB Opinion No. 29 that are not the culmination of the earnings process
include exchange of productive  assets for similar  productive  assets or for an
equivalent interest in similar productive assets.

     Revenues  that have been  deferred  for  long-term  service  contracts  are
amortized using the straight-line  method over the life of the related contract.
The Company  classifies  as current the amount of deferred  revenue that will be
recognized into revenue over the next twelve months.

     Revenues that have been deferred for long-term  service  contracts that are
subsequently  terminated or included as part of an overall settlement  agreement
have been recognized in other operating  income for periods prior to November 1,
2002 and other income for periods subsequent to October 31, 2002.

Vyvx
- ----

     Transmission  and video  services  revenues are  recognized  monthly as the
services  are  provided.  Amounts  billed in  advance of the  service  month are
recorded as deferred revenue.

Provision for Doubtful Accounts

     A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded when the  collectibility of a
specific customer's receivable balance becomes at risk due to a deterioration in
the  customer's  financial  condition or evidence  that recovery of the past due
receivable  balance is unlikely.  In addition,  the Company  maintains a general
reserve based on past  collection  history.  An accounts  receivable  balance is
written-off   against  the  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  when  reasonable
collection efforts have been exhausted and the balance is deemed worthless.

                                       9
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

Cash and Cash Equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents include demand and time deposits, certificates of
deposit and other  marketable  securities that are readily  convertible to known
amounts of cash and so near  maturity  that it  presents  insignificant  risk of
changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

Property, Plant and Equipment

     Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed
primarily  on the  straight-line  method over  estimated  useful  lives with the
exception of assets acquired through capital leases,  which are depreciated over
the lesser of the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease. In accordance
with fresh start accounting, the book value of property, plant and equipment was
adjusted to its fair value and the Company also established new useful lives.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

     The Company evaluates its long-lived assets, including related intangibles,
of  identifiable  business  activities for impairment  when events or changes in
circumstances  indicate,  in management's  judgment,  that the carrying value of
such assets may not be recoverable.  The  determination of whether an impairment
has occurred is based on management's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows
attributable  to the assets as compared to the carrying value of the assets.  If
an  impairment  has  occurred,  the  amount  of  the  impairment  recognized  is
determined by estimating the fair value for the assets and recording a provision
for loss if the carrying value is greater than fair value.

     For assets  identified to be disposed of in the future,  the carrying value
of these assets is compared to the estimated fair value less the cost to sell to
determine if an  impairment  is  required.  Until the assets are disposed of, an
estimate of the fair value is redetermined  when related events or circumstances
change.

Income Taxes

     Prior to the spin-off of WCG from TWC in April 2001,  WCG's operations were
included  in  TWC's  consolidated  federal  income  tax  return.  A tax  sharing
agreement  existed  between WCG and TWC to allocate and settle among  themselves
the  consolidated  federal  income tax  liability.  Deferred  income  taxes were
allocated from TWC using the liability method and were provided on all temporary
differences  between the financial basis and allocated tax basis of WCG's assets
and  liabilities.  Valuation  allowances were established to reduce deferred tax
assets to an amount that was more likely than not be realized.

     Effective with the spin-off of WCG from TWC in April 2001, the existing tax
sharing  agreement with TWC was amended to address pre spin-off tax  attributes.
Under the amendment, TWC retained all rights and obligations with respect to tax
attributes of WCG for all periods prior to WCG's initial public offering. In the
event of any final  determination with respect to a WCG tax attribute that arose
from the time of WCG's  initial  public  offering to the date of the spin-off of
WCG from TWC, WCG would pay TWC for any  determination  resulting in a detriment
as  compared  to  previous   amounts  filed  and  TWC  would  pay  WCG  for  any
determination  resulting in favorable  tax  consequences  as compared to amounts
filed. Tax attributes of WCG arising  subsequent to the spin-off date are rights
and  obligations of WCG. The tax sharing  agreement was further  amended in July
2002 by the Tax Cooperation  Agreement,  which provides that upon emergence from
bankruptcy WCG has no responsibility for  indemnification of TWC for pre-spinoff
tax items.

Earnings (Loss) Per Share

     The Company's  basic  earnings  (loss) per share is based on the sum of the
average number of common shares outstanding and deferred shares, if any. Diluted
earnings  (loss) per share  includes  any dilutive  effect of stock  options and
convertible  preferred  stock. For WCG, diluted earnings (loss) per common share
is the same as the basic  calculation  as the inclusion of any stock options and
convertible preferred stock would be antidilutive. Stock options and convertible
preferred  stock of 7.6 million shares for the ten months ended October 31, 2002
have been excluded from the  computation of diluted  earnings  (loss) per common
share.  For WilTel,  the basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share is the same
as it does not have any dilutive securities outstanding.

                                       10
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

Stock Options

     Prior to emergence  from  bankruptcy,  the Company's  employee  stock-based
awards were accounted for under the provisions of APB Opinion No. 25 and related
interpretations. The Company's fixed plan common stock options generally did not
result in  compensation  expense because the exercise price of the stock options
equaled the market  price of the  underlying  stock on the date of grant.  As of
November 5, 2003 and  December  31,  2002,  WilTel did not have any  stock-based
awards outstanding.

Foreign Currency Translation

     The functional currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar.  Generally,  the
functional  currency of the Company's foreign operations is the applicable local
currency  for  each  foreign  subsidiary.  Assets  and  liabilities  of  foreign
subsidiaries  are  translated  at the  spot  rate in  effect  at the  applicable
reporting date, and the combined  statements of operations are translated at the
average  exchange  rates in effect during the applicable  period.  The resulting
cumulative  translation  adjustment is recorded as a separate component of other
comprehensive income.

     Transactions  denominated in currencies other than the functional  currency
are  recorded  based on  exchange  rates at the time  such  transactions  arise.
Subsequent  changes in exchange  rates result in  transaction  gains and losses,
which are reflected in the statement of operations.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

     In December 2003, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
132 "Employers'  Disclosures about Pensions and Other  Postretirement  Benefits"
("SFAS  132R"),  which is effective for financial  statements  with fiscal years
ending  after  December  15,  2003.  The Company has  adopted  SFAS 132R,  which
requires additional disclosures to those required in the original Statement 132.

2. Segment Disclosures

    The Company's reportable segments are Network and Vyvx.

     Network  owns or leases and operates a  nationwide  inter-city  fiber-optic
network.  Network has also built a fiber-optic  network within certain cities in
the U.S. and has the ability to connect to networks outside the U.S.,  including
Asia, Australia,  Canada, Europe, Guam, Mexico and New Zealand. Network provides
Internet, data, voice and video services to companies that use high-capacity and
high-speed telecommunications in their businesses. Network sells its products to
the  wholesale  carrier and  enterprise  market  segments,  and many of its most
significant  customers provide retail  telecommunications  services to consumers
and business enterprises. Network also offers rights of use in dark fiber, which
is fiber  that it  installs  but for  which it does not  provide  communications
transmission  services.  Network also  provides  space and power to  collocation
customers at network centers and a variety of professional  and managed services
to customers  including network design and construction,  network management and
network monitoring or surveillance.

     Vyvx transmits audio and video programming for its customers over Network's
fiber-optic network and via satellite. Vyvx transmits live traditional broadcast
and cable  television  events from the site of the event to the network  control
centers  of the  broadcasters  of the  event.  In  addition,  Vyvx  provides  an
integrated  satellite  and  fiber-optic  network  based service to transmit live
content  from  remote   locations  to  its  customers.   Vyvx  also  distributes
advertising  spots and syndicated  programming to radio and television  stations
throughout the U.S.,  both  electronically  and in physical form.  Customers for
these services can utilize a  network-based  method for  aggregating,  managing,
storing and distributing content owners and right holders.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     Other includes  certain  corporate  assets not  attributable  to a specific
segment such as cash and cash equivalents.

     The Company  evaluates  performance  based upon segment  profit (loss) from
operations,   which   represents   earnings  before   interest,   income  taxes,
depreciation and amortization and other unusual or non-cash items, such as asset
impairments and  restructuring  charges,  equity earnings or losses and minority
interest.  A  reconciliation  of  segment  loss  from  operations  to loss  from
operations is provided below.  Intercompany sales are generally accounted for as
if the sales were to unaffiliated  third parties.  The following  tables present
certain financial information concerning the Company's reportable segments.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    Successor Company:

                                                       Network        Vyvx      Eliminations       Total
                                                       -------        ----      ------------       -----
                                                                        (In thousands)
              <S>                                        <C>             <C>          <C>          <C>
       Period from January 1, 2003 through
          November 5, 2003
       Revenues:
          Capacity and other........................$ 1,005,175   $   106,240   $        --    $ 1,111,415
          Intercompany..............................     21,885                     (21,885)            --
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------
      Total segment revenues.......................$ 1,027,060   $   106,240    $   (21,885)    $ 1,111,415
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========

       Costs of sales:
          Capacity and other........................    856,110        45,183            --        901,293
          Intercompany..............................        --         21,885       (21,885)            --
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------
       Total cost of sales..........................$   856,110   $    67,068   $   (21,885)   $   901,293
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========

       Segment profit:
          Income (loss) from operations.............$  (150,710)  $     3,871   $        --    $  (146,839)
          Adjustments to reconcile income (loss)
             from operations to segment profit:
             Depreciation and amortization..........    196,230        12,250            --        208,480
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------
       Segment profit...............................$    45,520   $    16,121   $        --    $    61,641
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========
       Additions to long-lived assets...............$    45,772   $     1,758   $        --    $    47,530


                                                       Network        Vyvx      Eliminations       Total
                                                       -------        ----      ------------       -----
                                                                        (In thousands)
         Two Months Ended December 31, 2002
       Revenues:
          Capacity and other........................$   168,615   $    23,041   $        --    $   191,656
          Intercompany..............................      5,052            20        (5,072)            --
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------
       Total segment revenues.......................$   173,667   $    23,061   $    (5,072)   $   191,656
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========

       Costs of sales:
          Capacity and other........................$   159,705   $    11,900   $        --    $   171,605
          Intercompany..............................         20         5,052        (5,072)            --
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------
       Total cost of sales..........................$   159,725   $    16,952   $    (5,072)   $   171,605
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========

       Segment profit (loss):
          Loss from operations......................$   (50,718)  $    (4,354)  $        --    $   (55,072)
          Adjustments to reconcile loss from
             operations to segment profit (loss):
             Depreciation and amortization..........     41,589         2,705            --         44,294
             Other:
               Asset impairments and
                 restructuring charges..............      6,423         2,149            --          8,572
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------
       Segment profit (loss)........................$    (2,706)  $       500   $        --    $    (2,206)
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========
       Additions to long-lived assets...............$     6,256   $       178   $        --    $     6,434

</TABLE>
                                       12

<PAGE>
                       WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


    Predecessor Company:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Network        Vyvx          Other      Eliminations      Total
                                                       -------        ----          -----      ------------      -----
                                                                               (In thousands)
            <S>                                          <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>

       Ten Months Ended October 31, 2002
       Revenues:
          Capacity and other........................$   879,011   $   120,996   $        --    $        --   $ 1,000,007
          Intercompany..............................     32,588           149            --        (32,737)           --
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------   -----------
       Total segment revenues.......................$   911,599   $   121,145   $        --    $   (32,737)  $ 1,000,007
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========   ===========

       Costs of sales:
          Capacity and other........................$   783,418   $    78,987   $        --    $        --   $   862,405
          Intercompany..............................        149        32,588            --        (32,737)           --
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------  - -----------   -----------
       Total cost of sales..........................$   783,567   $   111,575   $        --    $   (32,737)  $   862,405
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========   ===========

       Segment loss:
          Loss from operations......................$  (477,190)  $   (82,892)  $   (10,409)   $        --   $  (570,491)
          Adjustments to reconcile loss from
             operations to segment loss:
             Depreciation and amortization..........    415,422        45,567            --             --       460,989
             Other:
               Asset impairments and
                 restructuring charges..............     19,689         8,363           431             --        28,483
               Contingent liabilities...............     40,800            --        13,500             --        54,300
               Settlement gains.....................    (11,202)           --            --             --       (11,202)
               Exit cost reserves no longer
                 required...........................        --             --        (3,573)            --        (3,573)
               Other................................     (1,532)           --            --             --        (1,532)
                                                    -----------   -----------   -----------    -----------   -----------
       Segment loss.................................$   (14,013)  $   (28,962)  $       (51)   $        --   $   (43,026)
                                                    ===========   ===========   ===========    ===========   ===========
       Additions to long-lived assets...............$    73,743   $     3,160   $        --    $        --   $    76,903

</TABLE>

                                       13
<PAGE>
                       WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


                                            Total Assets
                                          -----------------
                                          Successor Company
                                          ---------------
                                              As of
                                            November 5,
                                              2003
                                           -----------
                                          (In thousands)

Network..................................   $1,433,578
Vyvx.....................................       54,246
Other....................................      307,738
                                            ----------
  Total assets...........................   $1,795,562
                                            ==========

     The  following   geographic  area  data  includes  revenues  from  external
customers based on origin of services  rendered and long-lived assets based upon
physical location for the following periods.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            Successor Company       Predecessor Company
                                                 --------------------------------     ----------------
                                                   Period from
                                                 January 1, 2003     Two Months            Ten
                                                     through            Ended           Months Ended
                                                    November 5,       December 31,       October 31,
                                                       2003              2002              2002
                                                 ----------------    ------------      ------------
                                                                  (In thousands)
                <S>                                  <C>                 <C>                 <C>

     Revenues from external customers:
      United States..............................$  1,062,387        $  179,328        $  943,451
      Other.......................................     49,028            12,328            56,556
                                                 ------------        ----------        ----------
     Total.......................................$  1,111,415        $  191,656        $1,000,007
                                                 ============        ==========        ==========

</TABLE>


                                              Successor
                                              Company
                                           --------------
                                           As of November 5,
                                                 2003
                                           ---------------
                                           (In thousands)

    Long-lived assets:
      United States........................$  1,230,613
      Other................................       6,130
                                           ------------
    Total..................................$  1,236,743
                                           ============

    Long-lived assets are comprised of property, plant and equipment.

     For the  period  from  January 1, 2003  through  November  5, 2003,  one of
Network's  customers  exceeded  10% of  the  Company's  revenue  with  sales  of
approximately $552 million.  In 2002, one of Network's customers exceeded 10% of
the Company's  revenues with sales of approximately $73 million and $442 million
for the two months ended  December 31, 2002 and for the ten months ended October
31, 2002, respectively.
                                       14
<PAGE>


                       WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

3. Other Operating Expense (Income), Net

    Transactions included in segment profit (loss)

     Other operating income of $6.2 million and $18.8 million for the two months
ended December 31, 2002 and the ten months ended October 31, 2002, respectively,
consisted  primarily of cash  settlement  gains  related to the  termination  of
various agreements.

    Transactions excluded from segment profit (loss)

     Other  operating  expense of $38.0 million for the ten months ended October
31, 2002 primarily  included a $54.3 million accrual for contingent  liabilities
partially  offset by non-cash  settlement  gains related to the  termination  of
various agreements of $8.3 million, a $3.6 million credit from the determination
that remaining  liabilities accrued for exit costs established in previous years
related to various business sales and abandonments were no longer required,  and
income of $2.9 million related to revisions of estimated  costs  associated with
the sale of the single strand of lit fiber in fourth quarter 2001.


4. Investing Income

Predecessor Company

     Marketable equity securities

     Certain marketable equity securities were sold for proceeds of $7.0 million
for the ten months ended October 31, 2002. Gross realized gains of $0.7 million
were recognized for the ten months ended October 31, 2002.




                                       15
<PAGE>

                       WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     Cost-based and equity-method investments

     The  Company's  equity  losses were $2.7  million for the ten months  ended
October 31, 2002.

     WCG entered into an agreement  with America  Movil,  S.A. de C.V. in second
quarter 2001 to sell its  remaining  economic  interest in ATL. The  transaction
closed in third  quarter  2001 and WCG received  $309.6  million in cash with an
additional $90.0 million due from America Movil, S.A. de C.V. on May 15, 2002. A
gain of $45.1 million was recognized  from the sale. In February  2002,  America
Movil, S.A. de C.V. prepaid its note from the sale of ATL by paying a discounted
amount of $88.8 million.

5. Gain on Sale of Consolidated Subsidiary

     At the time the Company implemented fresh start accounting,  the net assets
of PowerTel, a consolidated subsidiary, were assumed to have minimal value based
on  assessments  by management  and its  financial  advisor  assisting  with the
potential  sale of the  Company's  ownership  interest  in  PowerTel.  Important
elements of that assessment included PowerTel's struggles to maintain compliance
with  its  bank  covenants,  and the  assessment  that  improvements  in  market
conditions  or improved  operations  during the periods  following  fresh start,
neither which could be predicted with  certainty,  would be required in order to
ascribe a higher value.

     In August 2003,  market conditions  improved such that WilTel  successfully
entered into agreements to sell its ownership interest in PowerTel.  WilTel sold
its common and preferred stock interest to TVG  Consolidation  Holdings SPRL for
20 million  Australian  dollars (or $13.1  million).  In  addition,  WilTel also
settled its  intercompany  receivable  from  PowerTel for 10 million  Australian
dollars (or $6.5 million). The proceeds from the sale of the PowerTel stock were
placed in a restricted bank account pursuant to the terms of agreements  related
to the Company's One Technology Notes outstanding.  Accordingly, the Company has
classified the restricted  investments ($13.1 million as of November 5, 2003) as
other  noncurrent  assets.  The sale resulted in a  non-recurring  gain of $21.1
million. Net loss attributable to PowerTel was $1.6 million for the period ended
November 5, 2003.

6. Other Income, Net

     Other  income,  net of $45.3  million for the period  from  January 1, 2003
through November 5, 2003 includes non-recurring,  non-operating settlement gains
of $28.5 million related to the termination of various  agreements.  As a result
of the termination of the agreements,  the Company will no longer be required to
perform the contractual obligations that were the basis for the recording of the
deferred  revenue  performance  obligations.  In  addition,  other  income,  net
includes $16.8 million of non-recurring,  non-operating  gains primarily related
to the termination of arrangements previously accrued as unfavorable commitments
in fresh start  accounting  and  recoveries  of various  receivables  previously
written off.


                                       16
<PAGE>

                       WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

7. Benefit (Provision) from Income Taxes

    The benefit (provision) from income taxes includes:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            Successor Company       Predecessor Company
                                                 --------------------------------     ---------------
                                                   Period from
                                                 January 1, 2003     Two Months            Ten
                                                     through            Ended           Months Ended
                                                    November 5,       December 31,       October 31,
                                                       2003              2002              2002
                                                 ----------------    ------------      ------------
                                                                               (In thousands)
                <S>                                  <C>                 <C>                 <C>

    Current:
      Federal........................................$    --         $   --               $    --
      State..........................................    (23)             (3)                   (25)
                                                     -------         -------              ---------
                                                         (23)             (3)                   (25)
    Deferred:
      Federal........................................     --             --                    (850)
      State..........................................     --             --                    (155)
                                                     -------         -------              ---------
                                                          --             --                  (1,005)
                                                     -------         -------              ---------
    Total provision from income taxes................$   (23)        $    (3)             $  (1,030)
                                                     =======         =======              =========

</TABLE>

     The U.S. and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            Successor Company      Predecessor Company
                                                 --------------------------------    ----------------
                                                   Period from
                                                 January 1, 2003     Two Months            Ten
                                                     through            Ended           Months Ended
                                                    November 5,       December 31,       October 31,
                                                       2003              2002              2002
                                                 ----------------    ------------      ------------
                                                                               (In thousands)
                <S>                                  <C>                 <C>                 <C>

    United States..................................  $(127,993)     $  (60,625)       $  1,146,955
    Foreign...........................................  19,270            (421)            185,270
                                                     ---------      ----------        ------------
    Total income (loss) before income taxes........  $(108,723)     $  (61,046)       $  1,332,225
                                                     =========      ==========        ============
</TABLE>

     The Company's  undistributed  earnings from non U.S.  subsidiaries in 2003
and 2002 have been accounted for as if fully repatriated.

                                       17
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     Reconciliations  from the  benefit  (provision)  from  income  taxes at the
federal statutory rate to the provision from income taxes are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            Successor Company      Predecessor Company
                                                 --------------------------------    --------------
                                                   Period from
                                                 January 1, 2003     Two Months            Ten
                                                     through            Ended           Months Ended
                                                    November 5,       December 31,       October 31,
                                                       2003              2002              2002
                                                 ----------------    ------------      ------------
                                                                  (In thousands)
                <S>                                  <C>                 <C>                 <C>

    Benefit (provision) at statutory rate............$  38,053       $   21,366       $(466,279)
    Increases (reductions) resulting from:
      State income taxes.............................      (15)             --             (119)
      Foreign operations.............................    6,745             (147)          64,845
      Non-deductible reorganization expenses.........   (1,750)            (566)         (11,736)
      Valuation allowance adjustments................  (42,913)         (19,920)        (964,313)
      Non-taxable gain on debt discharge, net........      --               --         1,377,623
      Other-- net...................................      (143)            (736)          (1,051)
                                                     ---------       ----------       ----------
    Provision from income taxes......................$     (23)      $       (3)      $   (1,030)
                                                     =========       ==========       ==========

    Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                        Successor Company
                                                                      --------------------
                                                                              As of
                                                                           November 5,
                                                                              2003
                                                                           ----------
                                                                          (In thousands)
                    <S>                                                           <C>

    Deferred tax assets:
      Deferred revenues..................................................  $     76,895
      Property, plant and equipment, including impairments.................     633,820
      Investments, including impairments...................................      90,104
      Other asset impairments..............................................     151,962
      Reserves.............................................................      60,726
      Net operating loss carryforward......................................   1,281,030
      Other................................................................       6,136
                                                                            -----------
                                                                              2,300,673
                                                                            -----------
    Valuation allowance....................................................  (2,300,673)
                                                                            -----------
    Net ...................................................................  $      --
                                                                           ============

</TABLE>

                                       18

<PAGE>
                       WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


     As of  November  5, 2003,  the  Company  had $3.3  billion  of federal  net
operating  losses,  of which $859.9  million,  $1.2 billion,  $535.2 million and
$647.0 million expire in 2019,  2020,  2021 and 2022,  respectively,  and $402.3
million of estimated capital loss carryforwards,  of which $209.3 million, $88.5
million,  $0.9  million,  $34.0  million and $69.7  million will expire in 2003,
2004,  2005,  2006 and 2007,  respectively,  and $222.9  million of foreign  net
operating  losses as well as various state net  operating  losses that expire at
various dates. Valuation allowances have been established that fully reserve the
net deferred tax assets.  Uncertainties  that may affect the  utilization of the
loss carryforwards include future operating results, tax law changes, rulings by
taxing  authorities  regarding  whether  certain  transactions  are  taxable  or
deductible  and  expiration of  carryforward  periods.  The valuation  allowance
change for the period from January 1, 2003 through November 5, 2003 and the year
ended 2002 was an increase of $50.1 million and $964.3 million, respectively.

     If the  Company  had filed a  separate  federal  income  tax return for all
periods presented, the tax provision would have been unchanged.

8. Employee Benefit Plans

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

     WilTel  provides both funded and unfunded  noncontributory  defined benefit
pension plans to  substantially  all of its employees who were employed prior to
April 24, 2001.  The funded  pension plan  provides  defined  benefits  based on
amounts credited to employees on a cash balance formula.  The formula takes into
account age,  compensation,  social-security-wage  base and benefit service with
the company.  An  additional  unfunded,  unqualified  pension plan is offered to
pension plan participants with earnings in excess of $200,000.

     WilTel also has an unfunded  other  postretirement  benefit  plan  covering
employees who were employed  prior to January 1, 1992.  This health care plan is
contributory with participants'  contributions  adjusted annually.  Benefits are
paid to eligible  employees  with 10 years of service and aged 55 years or older
when leaving the company.

Obligations and Funded Status

     The following  table presents the changes in benefit  obligations  and plan
assets for pension  benefits  and other  postretirement  benefits for the WilTel
Plans for the periods indicated. It also presents a reconciliation of the funded
status  of  these  benefits  to  the  amount   recognized  in  the  accompanying
consolidated balance sheet.

                                       19
<PAGE>


                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Pension Benefits
                                                                ----------------------
                                                                  Successor Company
                                                                ----------------------
                                                                    Period from
                                                                     January 1,
                                                                   2003 through
                                                                    November 5,
                                                                        2003
                                                                        ----

<S>                                                                       <C>

Change in benefit obligation:
  Benefit obligation at beginning of period.........................$   97,812
  Service cost......................................................     5,090
  Interest cost.....................................................     6,556
  Actuarial (gain) loss.............................................    15,470
  Benefits paid.....................................................    (4,777)
                                                                    ----------
Benefit obligation at end of period.................................   120,151
                                                                    ----------

Change in plan assets:
  Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period..................    57,360
  Actual return on plan assets......................................     9,298
  Employer contribution.............................................     3,245
  Benefits paid.....................................................    (4,777)
                                                                    ----------
Fair value of plan assets at end of period..........................    65,126
                                                                    ----------

Funded status.......................................................   (55,025)
Unrecognized net actuarial gain.....................................      (818)
                                                                    ----------
Net accrued benefit cost............................................$  (55,843)
                                                                    ==========

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet consist
  of:
   Accrued benefit cost                                             $  (56,501)
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (before tax)                     658
                                                                    ----------
Net accrued benefit cost                                            $  (55,843)
                                                                    ==========

Accumulated benefit obligation                                      $  119,797
                                                                    ==========
</TABLE>
                                       20
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Other Postretirement Benefits
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                    Successor Company
                                                                ---------------------
                                                                      Period from
                                                                       January 1,
                                                                     2003 through
                                                                      November 5,
                                                                          2003
                                                                          ----

<S>                                                                       <C>

Change in benefit obligation:
  Benefit obligation at beginning of period.........................$      2,033
  Service cost......................................................         111
  Interest cost.....................................................          92
  Plan participants' contributions..................................          15
  Actuarial gain....................................................        (767)
  Benefits paid.....................................................         (42)
                                                                    ------------
Benefit obligation at end of period.................................       1,442
                                                                    ------------

Change in plan assets:
  Employer contribution.............................................          27
  Plan participants' contributions..................................          15
  Benefits paid.....................................................         (42)
                                                                    ------------
Fair value of plan assets at end of period..........................         --
                                                                    ------------
Funded status.......................................................      (1,442)
Unrecognized net actuarial gain.....................................        (749)
                                                                    ------------
Net accrued benefit cost............................................$     (2,191
                                                                    ============
</TABLE>


     The net accrued benefit cost for other postretirement  benefits is included
in the  accompanying  balance  sheet as accrued  employee  cost  within  accrued
liabilities.

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost

     The following  tables present net pension expense and other  postretirement
benefit expense for the WilTel Plans.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Successor Company           Predecessor Company
                                                          --------------------------------    -----------------------
                                                              Period from
                                                            January 1, 2003     Two Months            Ten
                                                                through            Ended           Months Ended
                                                              November 5,       December 31,       October 31,
                                                                 2003              2002              2002
                                                            ----------------    ------------      ------------
                                                                              (In thousands)
                <S>                                              <C>                 <C>                 <C>

    Components of net period pension expense:
      Service cost..............................................$  5,090        $      897        $   4,535
      Interest cost..............................................  6,556             1,229            5,754
      Expected return on plan assets............................. (3,688)             (731)          (6,404)
      Amortization of prior service credit.......................    --                --                72
      Recognized net actuarial gain..............................    --                --               129
      Curtailment charge (credit)................................    --             (2,727)             246
                                                                --------        ----------        ---------
          Net periodic pension expense (income).................   7,958            (1,332)           4,332
      Fresh start valuation adjustment..........................     --                --            39,207
      Discharge of Solutions non-qualified plan obligation......     --                --            (1,037)
                                                                --------        ----------        ---------
          Total pension cost (income)...........................$  7,958        $   (1,332)       $  42,502
                                                                ========        ==========        =========
    Additional information:
      Increase in minimum liability included in other
          comprehensive income (before taxes)                   $    658        $      --         $    --
                                                                ========        ==========        =========
</TABLE>
                                       21
<PAGE>


                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Successor Company          Predecessor Company
                                                          --------------------------------      ---------------
                                                              Period from
                                                            January 1, 2003     Two Months            Ten
                                                                through            Ended           Months Ended
                                                              November 5,       December 31,       October 31,
                                                                 2003              2002              2002
                                                           ----------------    ------------      ------------
                                                                             (In thousands)
                <S>                                              <C>                 <C>                 <C>

    Components of net periodic postretirement benefit expense:
      Service cost..............................................$    111        $      18         $     112
      Interest cost.............................................      92               28               144
      Amortization of prior service credit......................     --               --                 52
      Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss......................     (18)             --                  3
      Curtailment charge (credit)...............................     --              (554)                8
                                                                --------        ---------         ---------
         Net periodic pension expense...........................     185             (508)              319
      Fresh start valuation adjustment.........................      --               --                274
                                                                --------        ---------         ---------
         Total postretirement cost..............................$    185        $    (508)        $     593
                                                                ========        =========         =========
</TABLE>

Assumptions

     The  following  are the  weighted-average  assumptions  used  to  determine
pension benefit obligations as of the measurement date indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Pension Benefit Obligation
                                                               --------------------------

                                                                  Successor Company
                                                                ---------------------
                                                                   November 5,
                                                                       2003
                                                                       ----
           <S>                                                        <C>

  Discount rate.................................................     6.25%
  Rate of compensation increase.................................     3.50%
</TABLE>

     The following are the  weighted-average  assumptions  utilized to determine
net periodic pension benefit cost for the period ended indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              Net Periodic Pension Benefit Cost
                                                                -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                         Successor Company        Predecessor Company
                                                                 ------------------------------   ------------------
                                                                  Period from
                                                                January 1, 2003         Two         Ten Months
                                                                    through        Months Ended        Ended
                                                                  November 5,      December 31,     October 31,
                                                                     2003              2002            2002
                                                                     ----              ----            ----
<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>            <C>

  Discount rate.................................................     6.75%             6.75%          7.50%
  Expected return on plan assets................................     7.00%             7.00%          9.50%
  Rate of compensation increase.................................     3.50%             5.00%          5.00%
</TABLE>

     The   general    approach   for   determining   the   expected    long-term
rate-of-return-on-assets  assumption is to review the asset  allocation  targets
and their corresponding historic weighted-average returns and adjust those rates
as necessary to properly reflect capital market expectations.  With the aid of a
computer  model,  average  returns,  average  volatility,  correlations of asset
classes to each  other,  and minimum and  maximum  allocation  constraints  were
analyzed over several  historic periods (the period  1926-2001,  post-war period
1952-2001 and the ten years to December 2001).  These historic returns were then
adjusted in order to reflect a more  conservative  expectation of future returns
and asset allocation  targets  reflective of the closed  participant  population
growing closer to retirement age.
                                       22
<PAGE>


                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


     The following are the weighted-average  assumptions used to determine other
postretirement benefit obligations as of the period ended indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          Other Postretirement Benefits
                                                         ------------------------------

                                                             Successor Company
                                                             -----------------
                                                                 Period from
                                                                 January 1,
                                                                 2003 through
                                                                 November 5,
                                                                     2003
                                                                     ----

            <S>                                                       <C>

  Discount rate..................................................    6.25%
</TABLE>

     The following are the  weighted-average  assumptions  utilized to determine
net periodic other postretirement benefit cost for the period ended indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            Other Post Retirement Benefits
                                                                --------------------------------------------------
                                                                         Successor Company      Predecessor Company
                                                                 ------------------------------   ---------------
                                                                  Period from
                                                                January 1, 2003         Two         Ten Months
                                                                    through        Months Ended        Ended
                                                                  November 5,      December 31,     October 31,
                                                                     2003              2002            2002
                                                                     ----              ----            ----
<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>            <C>

  Discount rate.....................................................6.75%             6.75%          7.50%
</TABLE>

     The annual  assumed rate of increase in the health care cost trend rate for
2004 is 12% which systematically decreases to 5% by 2012.

     The various nonpension  postretirement  benefit plans which WilTel sponsors
provide for retiree  contributions and contain other cost-sharing  features such
as deductibles  and  coinsurance.  The  accounting  for these plans  anticipates
future  cost-sharing  changes  to the  written  plans that are  consistent  with
WilTel's expressed intent to increase the retiree contribution rate generally in
line with health care cost increases.

     The health care cost trend rate assumption has a significant  effect on the
amounts  reported.  A  one-percentage-point  change in assumed  health care cost
trend rates would have the following effects:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                              1-Percentage-Point
                                                                                              ------------------
                                                                                           Increase     Decrease
                                                                                           --------     --------
                                                                                               (In thousands)
                  <S>                                                                         <C>         <C>

     Effect on total of service and interest cost components..........................     $     5     $    (4)
     Effect on postretirement benefit obligation......................................     $   259     $  (209)
</TABLE>

                                       23
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


Plan Assets

    The following table presents WilTel's pension plan asset allocations:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Successor Company              Predecessor Company
                                            --------------------------------      --------------------
                                             Period from
                                           January 1, 2003          Two
                                              through           Months Ended      Ten Months Ended
                                             November 5,        December 31,        October 31,
                                                 2003               2002               2002
                                                 ----               ----               ----
             <S>                                 <C>                 <C>                <C>
    Equity securities:
        Large cap stocks.........................34%                 25%                27%
        Small cap stocks.........................23%                 21%                20%
        International stocks.....................21%                 29%                29%
                                                ---                 ---                ---
          Total equity securities................78%                 75%                76%
    Fixed income/bonds ..........................22%                 25%                24%
                                                ---                 ---                ---
           Total................................100%                100%               100%

</TABLE>

     The  investment  objectives of WilTel's plan  emphasize  long-term  capital
appreciation  as a primary source of return.  Current income is a  supplementary
source of return.  The target allocation was recently approved by the Investment
Committee to be as follows:

                                                    Interim       Long-term
                                                    Target         Target
                                                    ------         ------
     Equity securities:
       Large cap stocks.............................. 38%            40%
       Small cap stocks.............................. 22%            10%
       International stocks.......................... 20%            20%
                                                     ---            ---
           Total equity securities................... 80%            70%
     Fixed income/bonds ............................. 20%            30%
                                                     ---            ---
           Total........ ............................100%           100%

     The Investment Committee established the interim target in order to balance
speed and caution in  transitioning to the long-term  allocations,  lowering the
risk of selling low and buying high and shifting the  portfolio to the long-term
targets under the right market conditions.

     Investment  performance  objectives are based upon a benchmark index or mix
of these indices over a market cycle. The benchmark is as follows:

       S&P 500 Index................................................. 25%
       Russell 2000 Index............................................ 22%
       EAFE Index.................................................... 33%
       Merrill Lynch Domestic Master Bond Index ..................... 20%
                                                                     ---
            Total....................................................100%

     Investment  performance  objectives are based upon a benchmark index or mix
of indices over a market  cycle.  The  investment  strategy  designates  certain
investment restrictions for domestic equities,  international equities and fixed
income securities. These restrictions include the following:

o    For  domestic  equities,  there  will  generally  be no more than 5% of any
     manager's  portfolio  at market in any one company and no more than 150% of
     any one  sector  of the  appropriate  index  for any  manager's  portfolio.
     Restrictions  are also  designated on  outstanding  market value of any one
     company at 5%.

                                       24
<PAGE>


                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


o    For  international  equities,  there  will  be no  more  than 8% in any one
     company  in a  manager's  portfolio,  no fewer than  three  countries  in a
     manager's  portfolio,  no more than 10% of the  portfolio in countries  not
     represented  in the EAFE index,  no more than 150% of any one sector of the
     appropriate index and no currency hedging is permitted.

o    Fixed  income  securities  will all be rated  BBB- or better at the time of
     purchase,  there will be no more than 8% at market in any one  security (US
     government and agency positions excluded),  no more than a 30-year maturity
     in any one security,  and investments in standard  collateralized  mortgage
     obligations are limited to 10%.

Pension Plan Contributions

    WilTel expects to contribute $5 million to its pension plan in 2004.

Defined Contribution Plan

     Beginning  January  1, 2001,  the  Company  established  and  continues  to
maintain  a defined  contribution  plan for its  employees.  Prior to January 1,
2001,  the Company's  employees  were included in various  defined  contribution
plans  maintained by TWC. The  Company's  costs related to these plans were $5.3
million,  $1.6  million and $9.0  million  for the period  from  January 1, 2003
through November 5, 2003, for the two months ended December 31, 2002 and for the
ten months ended  October 31,  2002,  respectively.  These costs  fluctuate as a
result of changes in the eligible employee base.

9. Property, Plant and Equipment

    Property, plant and equipment is summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                Successor Company
                                                                                -----------------
                                                                                      As of
                                                                  Depreciable      November 5,
                                                                     Lives*           2003
                                                                     ------           ----
                                                                   (In years)   (In thousands)
                     <S>                                             <C>                <C>

    Network equipment (including fiber, optronics and
    capacity IRUs)...................................................3-20       $     958,077
    Right-of-way...................................................... 20             127,439
    Buildings and leasehold improvements............................10-30             140,915
    Computer equipment and software..................................2-3              130,629
    General office furniture and fixtures............................5-8               43,468
    Construction in progress.....................................Not.applicable        28,949
    Other...........................................................Various            48,555
                                                                                  -----------
                                                                                    1,478,032
      Less accumulated depreciation and amortization...................              (241,289)
                                                                                  -----------
                                                                                  $ 1,236,743
                                                                                  ===========
*As of November 5, 2003
</TABLE>


     Depreciation  expense of $205.6  million,  $43.8 million and $461.0 million
was recorded for the period from January 1, 2003 through  November 5, 2003,  for
the two months ended  December 31, 2002 and for the ten months ended October 31,
2002, respectively.

                                       25

<PAGE>


                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


10. Accounts Payable, Accrued Liabilities and Other Noncurrent Liabilities

     The Company's cash accounts  reflect  credit  balances to the extent checks
written have not been presented for payment. The amount of these credit balances
included in accounts payable was $19.5 million as of November 5, 2003.

    Accrued liabilities consisted of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             Successor Company
                                                                                  As of
                                                                               November 5,
                                                                                   2003
                                                                               -----------
                                                                             (In thousands)
              <S>                                                                   <C>

    Litigation.............................................................   $    82,576
    Employee costs.........................................................        27,076
    Taxes, other than income taxes........................................         30,870
    Unfavorable contractual commitments...................................         18,702
    Other..................................................................        28,532
                                                                              -----------
                                                                              $   187,756
                                                                              ===========
    Other noncurrent liabilities consisted of the following:
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              Successor Company
                                                                                   As of
                                                                                November 5,
                                                                                    2003
                                                                                -----------
                                                                              (In thousands)
                  <S>                                                              <C>

    Employee costs........................................................    $    64,585
    Unfavorable contractual commitments..................................          39,246
    Other................................................................          31,993
                                                                              -----------
                                                                              $   135,824
                                                                              ===========
</TABLE>

11.  Asset Retirement Obligations

     The  Company's  asset  retirement   obligations  relate  primarily  to  two
categories of assets:

     Fiber and Conduit - The Company has right-of-way agreements which generally
require  the  removal  of  fiber  and  conduit  upon  the  termination  of those
agreements.

     Technical  Sites - The Company  leases land for technical  sites and leases
space  at  technical  sites  along  its  network.  Termination  of  these  lease
agreements  normally  requires  removal  of  equipment  and  other  assets,  and
restoration of the lease property to its original condition.

     The estimation of the fair value of asset retirement  obligations  requires
the  significant  use of estimates  regarding the amounts and timing of expected
cash flows.  The fair value of the asset  retirement  obligations was calculated
using  credit-adjusted  risk-free  rates  ranging  from  8% to 14%,  which  were
assigned  based  upon the  expected  timing of cash  flows  for each  respective
obligation.

     The fair value of the  Company's  assets  that are legally  restricted  for
purposes of settling asset retirement  obligations at November 5, 2003, is $16.5
million, which is classified in property, plant and equipment.

                                       26
<PAGE>


                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


    Reconciliation of the asset retirement obligation is as follows:

                                                   Successor Company
                                                   ----------------
                                                        As of
                                                      November 5,
                                                        2003
                                                       ----
                                                   (In thousands)

    Beginning balance............................   $    26,270
    Liabilities incurred.........................           473
    Liabilities settled..........................          (197)
    Accretion expense............................         2,886
    Revisions in estimated cash flows............          (975)
                                                    -----------
                                                    $    28,457
                                                    ===========

     The Company adopted SFAS No. 143 relating to asset  retirement  obligations
as part of  implementing  fresh  start  accounting  as  required by SOP 90-7 and
recorded a cumulative  effect of change in accounting  principle of $8.7 million
in 2002  (net of a zero tax  provision).  The  cumulative  effect  of  change in
accounting  principle  represents accretion and depreciation expense the Company
would have  recorded  had the  provisions  of SFAS No. 143 been in effect on the
dates the obligations were incurred.

     If the Company had adopted  SFAS No. 143 on January 1, 2001,  it would have
recorded a  liability  of $20.6  million.  Accretion  expense for the ten months
ended October 31, 2002 would have been $2.5 million.

12. Debt

    Long-term debt consisted of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Weighted    Successor Company
                                                                     Average       As of
                                                                   Interest     November 5,
                                                                     Rate*         2003
                                                                     -----         ----
                                                                       (In thousands)
<S>                                                                  <C>            <C>

    Exit Credit Agreement.......................................     5.7%       $ 375,000
    OTC Notes...................................................     8.1%         119,249
    Other, primarily capital leases.............................    10.8%          12,518
                                                                                ---------
                                                                                  506,767
    Less current maturities.....................................                   (4,021)
                                                                                ---------
    Long-term debt.............................................                 $ 502,746
                                                                                =========

*  As of November 5, 2003
</TABLE>


     A description of the Company's debt  obligations  listed in the table above
is as follows:

                                       27
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

    Exit Credit Agreement

     On October 15, 2002, WCL and the credit  facility  lenders entered into the
Exit Credit Agreement.  The Exit Credit Agreement  combined the term loans under
the  previous  credit  facility  into  one loan  repayable  in  installments  of
principal  beginning in June 2005 through  September  2006 and  currently  bears
interest  at either the Prime rate plus a margin of 3.50% or LIBOR plus a margin
of 4.50%, at the Company's  option. In July 2004, the margin, in each case, will
increase  1%. In October  2003,  WCL locked in a rate of 5.69% for three  months
based on LIBOR.  The Exit Credit  Agreement does not provide for revolving loans
for WCL. Among other things, the Exit Credit Agreement provides for:

o    a security  interest in all of the domestic  assets of the Company,  except
     for those assets secured under the OTC Notes and the aircraft capital lease
     in which the lenders have a second priority lien and security interest;

o    prepayment of the term loans from cash proceeds  received from  refinancing
     all or a portion of the Exit Credit Agreement, a sale leaseback transaction
     (not otherwise permitted),  issuance of debt (not otherwise permitted),  or
     asset sales (not otherwise permitted);

o    prepayment  of the term loans equal to 100% of excess cash flows and 50% of
     cash  proceeds  received  from the  sale of  equity,  formation  of a joint
     venture or any other similar  transaction;

o    the Company meeting certain financial targets, as defined;

o    aggregate  dollar  limitations on certain  activities such as indebtedness,
     investments and capital expenditures;

o    the Company making certain  representations  and warranties,  including the
     existence of no material adverse effect, as defined;

o    restrictions on the ability of WCL to transfer funds to WilTel,  except for
     certain payments as outlined in the Exit Credit Agreement; and

o    the  ability  for WCL to request up to $45  million in  cash-collateralized
     letters of credit,  less the amount of cash  deposits  and pledges  made to
     third  parties in an amount not to exceed  $30  million.  The total of cash
     collateralized  letters of credit,  plus cash  deposits and pledges made to
     third  parties,  outstanding  as of  November  5, 2003 was  $37.3  million.
     Amounts held as collateral for outstanding  letters of credit are reflected
     primarily in other noncurrent assets.

     WCL is the  obligor  under  the  Exit  Credit  Agreement  and  has  pledged
substantially  all of its assets to secure its obligations under that agreement.
In  addition,  WCL's  obligations  are  guaranteed  by  WilTel  and  secured  by
substantially all of the assets of the Company.  The Exit Credit Agreement ranks
senior to the Company's other debt.

    Sale and subsequent leaseback to TWC and the OTC Notes

     In September  2001,  the Company sold its  headquarters  building and other
ancillary assets to TWC for approximately $276 million in cash.  Concurrent with
the sale, the Company leased its headquarters building for a period of ten years
and other  ancillary  assets  for a period of three to ten  years  with  varying
payment terms.

                                       28
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     As discussed in Note 19, the sale and  subsequent  leaseback  agreement was
terminated and replaced with the OTC Notes of  approximately  $145 million.  The
OTC Notes consist of: (1) a $100 million note at a fixed annual interest rate of
7.0%,  with  monthly  payments  for the  first 90  months  (based on a 360 month
amortization  schedule) and with the entire remaining  unpaid principal  balance
due and  payable  on April 1, 2010 and (2) a $44.8  million  note  with  accrued
interest paid in kind ("PIK Interest") and capitalized  once annually,  with the
original  principal  balance  and  all  capitalized  and  accrued  PIK  Interest
(totaling  $74.4 million at maturity) due and payable on December 29, 2006.  The
second note carries a fixed  interest rate of 10.0% through 2003,  and each year
thereafter the interest rate increases 2.0% resulting in an interest rate of 16%
in the final year of 2006. The $100 million note was reduced by payments made of
$3.1 million  during the period from October 15, 2002 to the close of the escrow
in December  2002.  The OTC Notes are full recourse notes and are secured by the
OTC  Mortgage,  under which TWC was granted a first  priority  mortgage lien and
security  interest in the headquarters  building and other ancillary  assets. In
addition,  the OTC Notes are secured by a second lien and  security  interest in
the proceeds  resulting  from the sale of the  Company's  ownership  interest in
PowerTel (see Note 5).

     The OTC Notes were reduced in third  quarter 2003 by the net cash  proceeds
of $15.1 million from the Aircraft  Capital Lease  transaction  per the terms of
the OTC Notes agreement and by $6.5 million related to the final  settlement and
payment terms  pursuant to an agreement  for the purchase of the One  Technology
Center building.

Scheduled Debt Maturities

     Scheduled  maturities of debt as of November 5, 2003 to November 5th of the
year presented below are as follows (in thousands):

             2004.................................     $       4,021
             2005.................................            85,701
             2006.................................           294,041
             2007................................             46,401
             2008.................................             1,754
             Thereafter............................           74,849
                                                       -------------
                                                       $     506,767
                                                       =============

     The  scheduled  maturities  table  above  excludes  the  payment of the PIK
interest of $29.6 million in 2006 from the OTC Notes.

     Cash payments for interest, net of amounts capitalized, were $25.8 million,
$5.2  million and $115.7  million for the period  from  January 1, 2003  through
November 5, 2003,  for the two months  ended  December  31, 2002 and for the ten
months ended October 31, 2002,  respectively.  These payments include commitment
fees relating to the Company's credit facility of $1.1 million, $0.1 million and
$6.2 million for the period from January 1, 2003 through  November 5, 2003,  for
the two months ended  December 31,  2002,  for the ten months ended  October 31,
2002 , respectively.

13. Stockholders' Equity

     In 2001,  TWC's Board of Directors  approved a tax-free  spin-off of WCG to
TWC's  shareholders.  TWC owned  24,265,892  shares of WCG Class A common  stock
outstanding and 395,434,965  shares of Class B common stock outstanding which it
converted to Class A shares prior to the spin-off. After the close of the market
on April 23, 2001, TWC distributed  398,500,000 shares, or approximately 95%, of
the WCG common  stock it owned,  to  holders of TWC common  shares on a pro rata
basis by  distributing  approximately  0.822399 of a share of WCG Class A common
stock as a dividend on each share of TWC common stock  outstanding on the record
date.

     Prior to the spin-off,  TWC and WCG entered into an agreement  that,  among
other  things,  resulted  in the  transfer  of  ownership  of a  building  under
construction  and  other  assets  from  TWC to WCG,  a  commitment  to fund  the
completion of the building,  the conversion of the TWC note into paid in capital
and the issuance of 24.3 million shares of WCG Class A common stock. WCG's total
equity increased by $42.9 million in 2002 as a result of this transaction.

     As  discussed in Note 19,  pursuant to the terms of the Plan,  all of WCG's
Class A common stock was cancelled and 50 million  shares of WilTel common stock
was issued upon emergence from the chapter 11 proceedings.  In addition, certain
transfer  restrictions apply to transactions in WilTel common stock as discussed
in Note 19.

                                       29
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

14. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

     The table below presents  changes in the  components of  accumulated  other
comprehensive income (loss).
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 Unrealized      Foreign
                                                                Appreciation     Currency       Minimum
                                                               (Depreciation)   Translation    Pension
                                                                of Securities   Adjustments    Liability         Total
                                                                -------------   -----------    ---------         -----
                                                                               (In thousands)

                <S>                                                    <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>

     Predecessor Company:
     Balance as of December 31, 2001............................$     6,206     $ (17,717)  $      --       $  (11,511)
     Change for the ten months ended October 31, 2002:
       Pre-income tax amount....................................     (7,743)        2,440          --           (5,303)
       Reclassification adjustment for net gains realized in
         net loss...............................................       (663)          --           --             (663)
       Income tax benefit.......................................      1,005           --           --            1,005
                                                                -----------     ---------   -----------     ----------
                                                                     (7,401)        2,440          --           (4,961)
     Reorganization adjustments.................................      1,195        15,277          --           16,472
                                                                -----------     ---------   -----------     ---------
     Balance as of October 31, 2002.............................       --             --           --            --

     Successor Company:
     Change for the two months ended December 31, 2002..........       --             780          --              780
                                                                -----------     ---------   -----------     ----------
     Balance as of December 31, 2002............................       --             780          --              780
     Change for the period from January 1, 2003 through
       November 5, 2003:
       Pre-income tax amount....................................       --             (82)         (658)          (740)
       Reclassification adjustment for net gains realized in
         net loss...............................................       --            (699)         --             (699)
                                                                -----------     ---------   -----------     ----------
     Balance as of November 5, 2003.............................$      --       $      (1)  $      (658)    $     (659)
                                                                ===========     =========   ===========     ==========

</TABLE>

15. Leases

     Future minimum annual rentals under  noncancellable  operating leases as of
November 5, 2003 are payable as follows (in thousands):


                                                                      Total
                                                                      -----

    2004....................................................      $    53,444
    2005....................................................           49,999
    2006....................................................           44,850
    2007....................................................           42,516
    2008....................................................           38,025
    Thereafter..............................................          259,233
                                                                  -----------
    Total minimum annual rentals............................      $   488,067
                                                                  ===========

     Total capacity  expense  incurred from leasing from a third party's network
(off-network  capacity  expense)  was $35.4  million,  $11.9  million  and $92.1
million for the period from  January 1, 2003 through  November 5, 2003,  the two
months  ended  December  31, 2002 and the ten months  ended  October  31,  2002,
respectively.  All other rent expense was $29.2 million,  $6.4 million and $42.2
million for the period from  January 1, 2003 through  November 5, 2003,  the two
months  ended  December  31, 2002 and the ten months  ended  October  31,  2002,
respectively.

                                       30
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

16. Related Party Transactions

    Transactions with Former Executive Officers

     As part of the spin-off  from TWC, WCG  inherited a  long-established  loan
program from TWC under which TWC extended  loans to its  executives  to purchase
TWC  stock  (the  "Executive  Loans").  At the  time  of the  spin-off,  six WCG
executives  had  outstanding  loans with TWC, and as part of the  spin-off,  the
Executive  Loans  were  transferred  to  WCG.  As  of  December  31,  2001,  the
outstanding balance of these loans were $19.9 million, all which were considered
long-term receivables.

     Effective  December 31, 2001,  the  Compensation  Committee of the Board of
Directors of WCG established a program to award annual retention  bonuses over a
period  of  five  years  in the  aggregate  amount  of $13  million  to  certain
executives  to be applied,  after  deduction of  applicable  withholding  taxes,
solely  against  their  respective  outstanding  principal  loan  balances.  The
agreements executed under this program were subsequently  amended in conjunction
with the Plan.

     Under the  amended  retention  bonus  agreements,  the  Company  reimbursed
interest payments owed by the WCG executives as of January 1, 2002. In addition,
the Company  became  responsible  for paying all taxes,  limited to an aggregate
total of $20 million,  associated with interest and principal payments under the
retention  bonus  agreements,  as well as any taxes  incurred as a result of the
payment of taxes by the Company. Under a separate amendment, all retention bonus
payments vested upon consummation of the transactions  included in the Plan, but
still  are to be paid out over the first  through  fourth  anniversaries  of the
Effective  Date,  unless  accelerated  as a result of death or disability of the
payee.  Any officers who were parties to  retention  bonus  agreements  were not
eligible to participate in the Company's otherwise  applicable change in control
severance  plan.  The Company  recorded an expense of $23.3  million for the ten
months ended October 31, 2002 related to the retention bonus  agreements,  $10.4
million of this  expense was  recorded to  selling,  general and  administrative
expense  for  costs  prior to WCG  commencing  chapter  11  proceedings  and the
remaining $12.9 million was recorded to  reorganization  expense for costs after
WCG  commenced  chapter  11  proceedings.  For the period  from  January 1, 2003
through  November 5, 2003,  tax  gross-up  estimates  were reduced by $1 million
offsetting selling,  general and administrative expense. As of November 5, 2003,
the  Company  has  accrued  liabilities  of $2.5  million  and  other  long-term
liabilities of $2.9 million representing taxes to be paid by the Company related
to the retention bonus agreements.

     On October 10, 2002, the Bankruptcy  Court approved a settlement  agreement
between WCG and John C. Bumgarner,  a former officer of WCG who  participated in
the TWC loan  program.  The  agreement  provided  that WCG  would  settle a $6.9
million employee loan plus accrued interest in return for the loan's  collateral
of 238,083 shares of TWC common stock and 195,798 shares of WCG common stock and
approximately  $7 million of face value of WCG's Senior  Redeemable  Notes. As a
result of the  surrender of the Senior  Redeemable  Notes by Mr.  Bumgarner,  no
shares of WilTel common stock were distributed  under the Plan to Mr. Bumgarner.
In addition,  Mr. Bumgarner will provide  consulting  services at no cost to the
Company for a period of three years from the date of his retirement. The Company
recorded a loss of approximately  $7 million to provision for doubtful  accounts
for the ten months ended October 31, 2002 related to the agreement.

                                       31

<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)


     The Company also recorded $12.1 million to  reorganization  expense for the
ten months ended October 31, 2002 related to an employee  incentive program that
was adopted to retain employees during the Company's  restructuring  process, of
which $3.9  million and $0.7 million  related to former  officers of the Company
and current officers of the Company,  respectively.  As of November 5, 2003, the
Company had no liabilities related to the employee retention incentive program.

    Leucadia

     On November 27, 2002, WilTel entered into a one-year Restructuring Services
Agreement with Leucadia  effective as of October 16, 2002 which later expired in
October 2003. Under the terms of this agreement, Leucadia provides restructuring
advice to  WilTel  with  respect  to  management,  operations,  future  business
opportunities,  and other matters to be mutually determined between Leucadia and
WilTel.  Leucadia does not receive any  compensation  for its services  rendered
under this agreement,  but is reimbursed for all expenses incurred in connection
with its performance under the agreement.

17. Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

     The  Company  has  historically  entered  into  various  telecommunications
equipment  agreements in connection with its fiber-optic network. As of November
5, 2003,  the  Company's  remaining  purchase  obligations  under its  remaining
purchase agreements are not significant.

Litigation

     The Company is subject to various types of  litigation  in connection  with
its business and operations.

    Department of Labor Investigation

     In April 2003, the Company  received  written notice from the United States
Department of Labor that it is exercising its authority under Section 504 of the
Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA") to conduct  periodic
investigations of employee benefit plans to determine whether such plans conform
with the provisions of ERISA and other applicable regulations.  The stated scope
of the review  covers the  Williams  Communications  Investment  Plan (a defined
contribution  plan) for a time period  extending  from 1998  through the present
date.  In January 2004,  the Company  received a subpoena from the United States
Department of Labor requiring the production of related  documents.  The Company
is  cooperating  fully with the Department of Labor.  At this time,  neither the
length of the review nor likely outcome of the  investigation can be determined.
The Company  believes  that all of its actions with respect to employee  benefit
plans have been in full compliance with ERISA and other applicable regulations.

    Right of Way Class Action Litigation

     A number of suits  attempting  to achieve  class action status seek damages
and  other  relief  from the  Company  based  on  allegations  that the  Company
installed  portions of its  fiber-optic  cable without all  necessary  landowner
consents.  These  allegations  relate to the use of rights  of way  licensed  by
railroads,   state   departments  of  transportation   and  others   controlling
pre-existing  right-of-way corridors.  The putative members of the class in each
suit are  those  owning  the  land  underlying  or  adjoining  the  right-of-way
corridors.  Similar  actions  have been filed  against all major  carriers  with
fiber-optic  networks.  It is likely that additional  actions will be filed. The
Company  believes it obtained  sufficient  rights to install its cable.  It also
believes  that the class action  suits are subject to  challenge  on  procedural
grounds.

                                       32
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     The Company and other major carriers are seeking to settle the class action
claims referenced above relating to the railroad rights of way through an agreed
class action.  These  companies  initially  sought approval of a settlement in a
case titled Zografos et al. vs. Qwest Communications Corp., et al., filed in the
U.S.  District Court for the District of Oregon on January 31, 2002. On July 12,
2002, the Oregon Court dismissed the action.  Thereafter,  on September 4, 2002,
an existing case titled Smith, et al., vs. Sprint,  et al.,  pending in the U.S.
District  Court for the Northern  District of Illinois,  was amended to join the
Company and two other  telecommunications  companies as defendants.  On July 25,
2003, the judge in this case issued an order preliminarily  approving a proposed
settlement agreement and issued an injunction, which stayed other putative class
action railroad rights of way cases against the Company.  Two of the intervening
plaintiffs filed appeals, which were consolidated. If this settlement withstands
potential  challenges by plaintiffs' counsel, it will settle the majority of the
putative  nationwide  and  statewide  class  actions  related  to  the  railroad
right-of-way  claims.  Based on the  Company's  estimate of a likely  settlement
range, the Company has accrued $16.6 million as of November 5, 2003.

     Other right of way claims may be asserted against the Company.  The Company
cannot quantify the impact of all such claims at this time. Thus,  WilTel cannot
be certain that an unfavorable  outcome of other potential  right-of-way  claims
will not have a material adverse effect.

    Platinum Equity Dispute

     In March 2001,  the Company sold its Solutions  segment to Platinum  Equity
LLC ("Platinum  Equity") for a sales price that was subject to adjustment  based
upon a  computation  of the net working  capital of the business as of March 31,
2001.  A dispute  arose  between the  companies  with respect to the net working
capital  amount as defined in the  agreement.  Pursuant to the provisions of the
sale agreement,  the parties submitted the dispute to binding arbitration before
an independent public accounting firm.

     In September  2002,  Platinum  Equity  filed suit in the District  Court of
Oklahoma  County,  State of  Oklahoma,  against  the  Company  alleging  various
breaches of representations  and warranties related to the sale of the Solutions
segment and  requested a ruling that no payment was due under a promissory  note
issued by  Platinum  Equity at the time of  purchase  until  all  disputes  were
resolved.  Many of the claims  alleged by  Platinum  Equity in this suit are the
same  claims  asserted by Platinum  Equity in the net working  capital  dispute.
Discovery in this suit is ongoing,  with the trial expected to begin sometime in
Spring 2004.

     In May 2003,  the  arbitrator  rendered a  determination  of the adjustment
amount under the net working capital dispute, and an order entry of judgment was
entered  against  Platinum  Equity in the amount of  approximately  $38 million,
which  represented  the amount that  Platinum  Equity owed under the  promissory
note, offset by the net working capital adjustment determined by the arbitrator.
The Company  adjusted the carrying  amount of the note receivable to $38 million
by offsetting amounts previously accrued for the net working capital dispute. In
July 2003, the Company collected approximately $39 million,  including interest,
from Platinum  Equity  related to the  judgment.  The receipt of the $39 million
does not resolve all of the issues  between  Platinum  Equity and the Company as
neither company has waived any of the claims currently pending in the litigation
discussed above. The Company continues to believe that it is adequately reserved
or accrued with respect to its  receivable  and payable  positions with Platinum
Equity.

    Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, Inc. vs. WCL

     Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, Inc. ("TTTI") filed suit on
July  24,  2001,  against  WCL  in a case  titled  Thoroughbred  Technology  and
Telecommunications,   Inc.  vs.  Williams  Communications,  LLC  f/k/a  Williams
Communications,  Inc.,  Civil Action No.  1:01-CV-1949-RLV,  pending in the U.S.
District  Court for the Northern  District of Georgia,  Atlanta  Division.  TTTI
alleged  claims that  included  breach of contract with respect to a fiber-optic
installation  project that TTTI was  constructing  for itself and other parties,
including   WCL,  with  respect  to  certain   conduit   segments   including  a
three-conduit segment between Cleveland,  Ohio and Boyce, Virginia.  TTTI sought
specific  performance  to  require  that WCL take  title to the  Cleveland-Boyce
segment and pay TTTI in excess of $36 million  plus  pre-judgment  interest  for
such purchase. WCL alleged various defenses,  including significant warranty and
breach of contract claims against TTTI.

                                       33
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     On May 9, 2002, the trial court  determined that WCL did not have the right
to terminate  the  contract  with respect to the  Cleveland-Boyce  segment,  but
deferred  ruling on TTTI's  remedy until a later time. In a series of rulings on
January 27, 2003, the court ordered,  among other things,  (1) that WCL's claims
against TTTI for breach of contract and construction deficiencies for certain of
the  telecommunications  routes  constructed  by TTTI be heard by an arbitration
panel;  and (2) that WCL close the purchase of the  Cleveland-Boyce  segment and
pay TTTI the sum of $36.3 million plus pre-judgment  interest for such purchase.
The  court  denied  WCL's  motion  for a  stay  of  the  proceedings  while  the
construction claims against TTTI are adjudicated through arbitration and further
denied the  Company's  request to stay  closing on the  Cleveland-Boyce  segment
pending an appeal of the trial court's decision.  WCL sought and obtained a stay
of the trial court's order compelling a closing of the  Cleveland-Boyce  segment
from the United  States  Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit  thereby  staying
WCL's obligation to close the transaction until the appeal is decided.  The stay
granted by the Court of Appeals was conditioned on the posting of an appropriate
supersedeas  bond by the Company,  which was posted by the Company in March 2003
in the approximate  amount of $44.1 million.  The Company posted the bond, which
was docketed by the trial court on March 13, 2003.  WCL prosecuted its appeal of
the trial court's decision while pursuing its arbitration claims of construction
defects  against TTTI.  Oral arguments in the appeal were scheduled for November
2003.

     Subsequent to November 5, 2003,  the parties  reached a settlement of their
disputes,  which resulted in a payment of $37.5 million to TTTI and the transfer
of title to WCL of  conduits  on the  Cleveland-Boyce  segment.  All  settlement
documents were executed in November 2003, and this matter has been concluded.

    StarGuide

     On October 12, 2001,  StarGuide Digital Networks  ("StarGuide") sued WCG in
the United States  District Court for Nevada for  infringement  of three patents
relating to streaming  transmission  of audio and video  content.  Subsequently,
StarGuide added WCL as a party to the action.  StarGuide seeks  compensation for
past infringement,  an injunction against infringing use, and treble damages due
to willful  infringement.  On July 1, 2002,  StarGuide initiated a second patent
suit against WCL with respect to a patent that is a continuation  of the patents
at issue in the prior  litigation.  The two actions have been  consolidated.  In
July 2003,  the parties  reached a  settlement,  and this case was  dismissed by
joint agreement.  The settlement did not have a material impact on the Company's
results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

    WilTel Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits

     On May 15, 2003, the first of several shareholder  derivative class actions
was filed against  WilTel,  the nine members of WilTel's  Board of Directors and
Leucadia  National  Corporation  ("Leucadia").  Currently,  the Company has been
served with notice of eight (8) shareholder  derivative class actions:  four (4)
in Clark County,  Nevada, one (1) in Washoe County,  Nevada, two (2) in New York
County,  New York and one (1) in Tulsa  County,  Oklahoma.  Each of the lawsuits
sets forth  substantially  the same  allegations  of breach of fiduciary duty in
connection  with Leucadia's  proposed  exchange offer announced on May 15, 2003.
Amended  complaints  were filed in each of the  lawsuits  based upon  Leucadia's
withdrawal of its initial offer and Leucadia's subsequent offers. On October 15,
2003,  subject to approval from directors and officers insurance  carriers,  the
parties in these cases reached an agreement in principle to settle all cases. On
February 4, 2004,  the proposed  settlement  in one of the New York County cases
was  approved  by the trial  court.  The amount of the  settlement  is  $300,000
representing  Plaintiffs'  attorney fees and expenses and is not material to the
financial  statements of WilTel.  The settlement  proceeds will be paid upon the
expiration of the time period within which the matter may be appealed.

                                       34
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

    Summary

     The  Company  is a party  to  various  other  claims,  legal  actions,  and
complaints  arising  in the  ordinary  course of  business.  In the  opinion  of
management,  upon the advice of legal  counsel,  the ultimate  resolution of all
claims, legal actions,  and complaints,  after consideration of amounts accrued,
insurance coverage,  or other indemnification  arrangements,  is not expected to
have a materially adverse effect upon the Company's future financial position or
results of  operations,  although  unfavorable  outcomes in the items  discussed
above could significantly impact the Company's liquidity.

Other

    SBC

     SBC is the Company's largest customer (comprising 54 percent and 47 percent
of Network's  revenues  for the period from January 1, 2003 through  November 5,
2003 and the year ended  December  31,  2002,  respectively).  The  Company  has
entered into  preferred  provider  agreements  with SBC that extends until 2019,
although the  agreements  may be terminated  prior to then by either party under
certain circumstances. The agreements provide that:

     o    the Company is SBC's  preferred  provider for domestic  voice and data
          long distance services and select  international  wholesale  services,
          requiring  that SBC seek to obtain  these  services  from the  Company
          before it obtains them from any other provider; and

     o    SBC is the Company's  preferred provider for select local exchange and
          various other services,  including  platform  services  supporting its
          switched  voice services  network,  requiring that the Company seek to
          obtain these  services  from SBC before it obtains them from any other
          provider.

     For the services each party must seek to obtain from the other, the prices,
determined  separately  for each product or service,  generally will be equal to
the  lessor of the cost of the  product  or  service  plus a  specified  rate of
return,  the prices charged to other  customers,  the current market rate or, in
some circumstances, a specific rate. If either party can secure lower prices for
comparable services that the other party will not match, then that party is free
to utilize the lowest cost provider. Subsequent to November 5, 2003, the Company
and SBC have  agreed  to use a fixed  price for voice  transport  services  (the
substantial majority of SBC generated revenue) through January 2005. Although it
is difficult to identify a precise  market price since the products and services
provided to each customer are customized to meet the needs of each customer, the
fixed price  currently  charged to SBC is  representative  of the current market
price for the voice transport service currently provided to SBC.

     The methodology  that the Company uses to determine the current market rate
and to determine the cost of the product or service upon which a specified  rate
of return applies are complex and subject to different  interpretations.  If SBC
and the Company are unable to agree on the methods used, the agreements with SBC
provide  that any  disputes are resolved  through  binding  arbitration.  If SBC
successfully  challenged  the Company's  pricing  methodology  in an arbitration
proceeding,  resulting in a significant  reduction in the voice transport price,
the Company may not be able to continue to provide  services to SBC. The Company
is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of future price discussions with SBC.

     SBC has the right to  terminate  the  agreements  if the Company  begins to
offer certain services that are competitive with SBC's services,  if the Company
materially  breaches  its  agreements  or the  Company  has a change in  control
without SBC's consent.  The Company has the right to terminate the agreements if
SBC materially  breaches its  agreements or SBC has a change in control  without
the  Company's  consent.  In the event of a  termination  by either party due to
these actions,  the terminating party has the right to receive  transition costs
from the other party, not to exceed $200 million.

     Either party may terminate a particular provider agreement if the action or
failure to act of any regulatory authority materially  frustrates or hinders the
purpose of that agreement. There is no monetary remedy for such a termination.

                                       35
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

18. Financial Instruments

Fair Value Methods

     The  following  methods  and  assumptions  were  used  by  the  Company  in
estimating its fair value disclosures for financial instruments:

     Cash and cash  equivalents:  The carrying  amounts  reported in the balance
sheet   approximate  fair  value  due  to  the  short-term   maturity  of  these
instruments.

     Notes  receivables:  The  carrying  amounts  reported in the balance  sheet
approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.

     Long-term  debt:  The  carrying  amounts  reported  in  the  balance  sheet
approximate  fair value due to the long-term debt  outstanding  being  primarily
variable-rate debt.

Concentration of Credit Risk

     The Company's cash equivalents include high-quality  securities placed with
various major financial  institutions  with high credit  ratings.  The Company's
investment policy limits its credit exposure to any one issuer/obligor.

     The Company's customers include numerous corporations. The Company serves a
wide range of  customers,  of which SBC comprises  approximately  38% of its net
accounts  receivable  balance  as of  November  5,  2003.  There  are  no  other
customers,  which are individually  significant to its business.  While sales to
these various  customers are generally  unsecured,  the financial  condition and
creditworthiness of customers are routinely evaluated.

19. Bankruptcy Proceedings

Overview of the Chapter 11 Proceedings

     On April 22,  2002,  the  Debtors  filed  petitions  for  relief  under the
Bankruptcy  Code in the Bankruptcy  Court. On September 30, 2002, the Bankruptcy
Court entered an order  confirming  the Second  Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of
Reorganization  of the Debtors (the "Plan"),  effective on October 15, 2002 (the
"Effective  Date").  The  confirmation  order was subject to certain  conditions
including  gaining  necessary FCC  regulatory  approvals to transfer  control of
licenses from WCG to the Company. Prior to the Effective Date, WCG, WCL, and the
Company  applied to and  received  from the FCC special  temporary  authority to
transfer  control of all  licenses to the  Company.  The granting of the special
temporary  authority from the FCC allowed the Company to emerge from the chapter
11 proceedings on the Effective  Date subject to an escrow  agreement  discussed
below.

     A copy of the Plan was filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 99.2 to WCG's  Current
Report on Form 8-K, dated August 13, 2002.  Modifications to the Plan were filed
as Exhibit 99.3 to WCG's Current  Report on Form 8-K,  dated  September 30, 2002
(the  "Confirmation  Date 8-K"). A copy of the  Confirmation  Order was filed as
Exhibit 99.1 to the Confirmation Date 8-K.

     Described  below  is  a  summary  of  certain  significant  agreements  and
important   events  that  have  occurred  in  and   following   the   bankruptcy
reorganization.  The summary should be read in conjunction with and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the Plan and the material transaction  documents
discussed  herein and made  available as exhibits to WCG's and  WilTel's  public
filings, including those filed with the SEC.

                                       36
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

    Plan of Reorganization

     On September 30, 2002, the  Bankruptcy  Court approved and entered an order
confirming  the Plan,  which had been  proposed  by the  Debtors,  the  official
committee  of  unsecured  creditors  (the  "Committee")  and  Leucadia  National
Corporation ("Leucadia").  The Plan was designed to meet the requirements of the
Settlement  Agreement  (described in greater detail below) and the  pre-petition
Restructuring  Agreement.  By implementing both the Settlement Agreement and the
Restructuring  Agreement,  the Plan  allowed  WCG to raise the $150  million new
investment  from Leucadia.  That  additional  investment  allowed WCG to further
reduce its secured debt  without  sacrificing  working  capital (see below for a
discussion of the Escrow  Agreement and the ultimate  release from escrow of the
$150 million investment).

    Settlement Agreement

     On  July  26,  2002,  TWC,  the  Committee,  and  Leucadia  entered  into a
settlement agreement (the "Settlement Agreement") that provided for, among other
things,  (a) the mutual  release of each of the  parties,  (b) the  purchase  by
Leucadia of TWC's unsecured claims against WCG (approximately $2.35 billion face
amount) for $180  million,  (c) the  satisfaction  of such TWC claims and a $150
million  investment  in the  Company  by  Leucadia  in  exchange  for 44% of the
outstanding  WilTel  common  stock,  and (d)  modification  of  WCG's  sale  and
subsequent  leaseback  transaction  covering the WCG  headquarters  building and
modification  of the TWC  Continuing  Contracts  (as  defined in the  Settlement
Agreement). An order approving the Settlement Agreement was issued on August 23,
2002.

     TWC's unsecured claims of $2.35 billion related to arrangements between WCG
and TWC and primarily consisted of the following:

     Senior Reset Note Claim: Approximately $1.4 billion of those claims related
to the Trust Notes,  which were senior  secured notes issued by a WCG subsidiary
in  March  2001.  The  proceeds  from  the  sale of the  Trust  Notes  were  (i)
transferred  to WCG in exchange for WCG's $1.5  billion  8.25% senior reset note
due 2008 (the "Senior Reset Note") and (ii) contributed by WCG as capital to WCL
to provide liquidity  following the tax-free  spin-off from TWC.  Obligations of
WCG and its  affiliates  under the Trust Notes were  secured by the Senior Reset
Note and were  effectively  guaranteed by TWC. In July 2002,  TWC exchanged $1.4
billion of new senior  unsecured  notes of TWC (the "New TWC  Notes") for all of
the outstanding Trust Notes. TWC, as agent under the Trust Notes indenture,  had
the right to sell the  Senior  Reset  Note to  achieve  the  highest  reasonably
available  market price and the Bankruptcy  Court found that the TWC sale of the
TWC Assigned Claims to Leucadia met this requirement.

     ADP Claims: In 1998, WCG entered into an operating lease agreement covering
a portion of its fiber-optic  network referred to as an asset defeasance program
("ADP"). The total cost of the network assets covered by the lease agreement was
$750 million. Pursuant to the ADP, WCG had the option to purchase title to those
network assets at any time for an amount roughly equal to the original  purchase
price,  and TWC was  expressly  obligated  to pay the  purchase  price  under an
intercreditor agreement entered into by TWC in connection with the then-existing
WCL credit facility.  In March 2002, WCG exercised its purchase option,  and TWC
funded the purchase price of  approximately  $754 million.  In exchange for this
payment from TWC, the intercreditor  agreement provided that TWC was entitled to
either the issuance of WCG equity or WCG  unsecured  subordinated  debt (meaning
debt that was subordinate in priority to WCL's  pre-petition  credit  facility),
each on terms  reasonably  acceptable  to the lenders  under WCL's  pre-petition
credit  facility.  On March 29, 2002,  WCG tendered an unsecured note to TWC for
approximately  $754  million that was not accepted by TWC. Any and all causes of
action of TWC or any of its  direct or  indirect  subsidiaries  against a Debtor
relating  to the ADP were  resolved  pursuant  to the  terms  of the  Settlement
Agreement.

                                       37
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     Pre-Spin  Services  Claims:  The  terms of the  Settlement  Agreement  also
resolved  "Pre-Spin  Services  Claims" of TWC arising from a Services  Agreement
entered into between WCG and TWC when WCG was a wholly-owned  subsidiary of TWC.
Pursuant to this agreement, TWC and certain of its affiliates performed payroll,
administrative,  and  related  services  for WCG and  its  affiliates.  Pre-Spin
Services Claims were also resolved pursuant to the Settlement Agreement.

     The  Settlement  Agreement  also resolved WCG's defaults under the sale and
subsequent  leaseback  transaction  (discussed  below)  as  a  result  of  WCG's
bankruptcy  filing,  thus  negating any threat or risk that the Company would be
evicted or otherwise lose possession of its headquarters due to the bankruptcy.

    SBC Stipulation

     On  September  25,  2002,  the  Bankruptcy  Court  approved  a  stipulation
agreement (the "Stipulation  Agreement") between the Company and SBC conditioned
upon the  consummation of the Plan. The Stipulation  Agreement  provided for the
necessary  SBC approval of the Plan and resolved  change-of-control  issues that
SBC had raised  regarding WCG's spin-off from TWC. At the same time, SBC and WCL
executed amendments to their alliance agreements.

    Purchase of Headquarters Building

     In connection  with the spin-off of WCG by TWC in 2001, TWC and WCG entered
into a sale and  leaseback  transaction  for  WCG's  headquarters  building  and
certain  real and personal  property,  including  two  corporate  aircraft  (the
"Building  Purchase  Assets"),  as a result of which TWC  purchased the Building
Purchase  Assets and leased them back to WCG.  Pursuant to an agreement  between
WCG and TWC, among others,  dated July 26, 2002, (as amended, the "Real Property
Purchase and Sale Agreement"), WCG repurchased the Building Purchase Assets from
TWC for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $145 million (the "Purchase
Price").

     The  Purchase  Price  consisted  of  promissory  notes  issued by  Williams
Technology Center, LLC ("WTC"),  the Company,  and WCL to TWC (the "OTC Notes").
One note for $100 million is due April 1, 2010; the other note for $44.8 million
is due December 29, 2006. The obligations of WTC, WilTel,  and WCL under the OTC
Notes may be subject  to  reduction,  depending  on the  disposition  of certain
aircraft  leases  described in greater detail in the Real Property  Purchase and
Sale  Agreement.  Obligations of WTC,  WilTel,  and WCL under the OTC Notes were
secured by, and made  pursuant to, a mortgage  agreement  (the "OTC  Mortgage"),
under which WTC granted a first priority  mortgage lien and security interest to
TWC in all of its right,  title and interest  in, to and under the  headquarters
building and related real and personal property.

     The  Settlement  Agreement  also  contemplated  that the lenders  under the
Company's  credit  facility  would receive a second  priority  mortgage lien and
security  interest in those same  assets.  The Real  Property  Purchase and Sale
Agreement  also provided that the OTC Notes are secured in part by a second lien
and security interest in the Company's interests in PowerTel.  See Note 12 for a
further discussion of the terms of the OTC Notes.

     As described below,  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated by the
Real Property  Purchase and Sale Agreement were conditioned upon satisfaction of
the terms of the Escrow Agreement (as defined below).

    Transactions on the Effective Date

     On the Effective  Date,  pursuant to the Plan and the  confirmation  order,
WilTel  emerged as the  successor to WCG and issued an  aggregate of  22,000,000
shares of WilTel common stock to Leucadia and an aggregate of 27,000,000  shares
of WilTel  common stock to a grantor  trust (the  "Residual  Trust")  among WCG,
WilTel, and Wilmington Trust Corporation, as trustee (the "Residual Trustee") on
behalf of certain  creditors of WCG. An  additional  1,000,000  shares of WilTel
common stock were issued to WCG in  connection  with a  "channeling  injunction"
that could  potentially  benefit  securities  holders involved in a class action
proceeding against WCG.

                                       38
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     WilTel issued shares of its common stock to Leucadia  under the Plan in two
distributions.  First,  pursuant to a Purchase and Sale  Agreement,  dated as of
July 26, 2002, between Leucadia and TWC (amended on October 15, 2002),  Leucadia
acquired  from TWC certain  claims  that TWC had against WCG (the "TWC  Assigned
Claims")  for a purchase  price of $180  million paid in the form of a letter of
credit  issued by Fleet Bank (the "TWC  Letter of  Credit")  and  WilTel  issued
11,775,000 shares of its common stock to Leucadia in satisfaction of such claims
in accordance with the Plan.

     Second, pursuant to an Investment Agreement by and among Leucadia, WCG, and
WCL,  dated as of July 26, 2002 (amended on October 15, 2002),  on the Effective
Date Leucadia  invested  $150 million in the Company in exchange for  10,225,000
shares of WilTel  common stock (the "New  Investment").  Leucadia paid $1,000 of
the purchase price in cash to WilTel and delivered the remainder, in the form of
a letter  of  credit  issued by JP Morgan  Chase  Bank (the  "Company  Letter of
Credit").

     Leucadia  delivered  the TWC  Letter of Credit  and the  Company  Letter of
Credit into an escrow account  established  pursuant to an Escrow Agreement (the
"Escrow  Agreement") dated as of October 15, 2002, among the Company,  Leucadia,
TWC, and The Bank of New York as Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agreement provided for
the release of the Letters of Credit (and documents related to the Real Property
Purchase and Sale  Agreement)  upon  receipt,  prior to February  28,  2003,  of
approval from the FCC for the transfer of control to the Company of the licenses
that had been temporarily  issued to WCL prior to the Effective Date. Failure to
obtain FCC approval by February 28, 2003,  in  accordance  with the terms of the
Escrow  Agreement  would have resulted in an "unwind" of the New  Investment and
the purchase of the TWC Assigned Claims.  However,  following receipt of the FCC
approval on November 25, 2002, the proceeds of the Company Letter of Credit were
paid to the Escrow Agent for  disbursement to the Company in accordance with the
terms of the Escrow Agreement, and the proceeds of the TWC Letter of Credit were
paid to the Escrow Agent for disbursement to TWC.

     WCG continues to exist as a separate corporate entity,  formed in the State
of Delaware,  in order to liquidate any residual assets and wind up its affairs.
On the  Effective  Date,  WCG  transferred  substantially  all of its  assets to
WilTel. The other Debtor, CG Austria, continues to exist as a separate corporate
entity, incorporated in the State of Delaware, and owned solely by WCL.

    The Exit Credit Agreement

     On the Effective  Date, WCL and the lenders under its credit  facility (the
"Lenders")  entered into a credit  agreement (the "Exit Credit  Agreement") that
combined the term loans under the  previous  credit  facility  into one loan for
$375 million (paid down throughout the bankruptcy from a pre-petition balance of
$975  million).  See Note 12 for a further  discussion  of the terms of the Exit
Credit Agreement.

    Capitalization, Corporate Governance, and Leucadia Agreements

     Pursuant to the Plan and a Stockholders Agreement,  dated October 15, 2002,
between Leucadia and the Company (the "Stockholders  Agreement"),  the Company's
Board of Directors  was comprised of four members  designated by Leucadia,  four
members designated by the Official Committee of Unsecured  Creditors of WCG, and
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company,  Jeff K. Storey,  who was elected as
Chief  Executive  Officer  of the  Company  and  became a member of the Board of
Directors on October 31, 2002. Pursuant to the Stockholders  Agreement,  so long
as Leucadia  beneficially  owned at least 20% of the outstanding common stock of
WilTel, it would be entitled to nominate four members of the Board of Directors.
If  Leucadia  beneficially  owned  less  than  20%  but  more  than  10%  of the
outstanding  common stock of WilTel, it would be entitled to nominate one member
to the Board of Directors.  In addition,  the  Stockholders  Agreement  provided
that,  until October 15, 2004,  Leucadia  would vote all of its shares of WilTel
common stock in favor of Committee  designees  to the Board.  Until  October 15,
2004, any  replacement  of a Committee  designee will occur through a nominating
process detailed at Section 3.4 of the Stockholders Agreement.

                                       39
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, for a period of five years from the
Effective  Date of the Plan,  Leucadia would not acquire or agree to acquire any
of the Company's  securities except (a) with prior approval by a majority of the
members  of the Board of  Directors  that are  independent  or by  holders  of a
majority of the Company voting  securities that are not owned by Leucadia voting
together as a single class,  (b) in connection with certain other  acquisitions,
so long as  Leucadia  would not hold in excess  of 49% of the  Company's  voting
securities  following such acquisition or (c) a Permitted  Investor Tender Offer
(as  defined  in  the  Stockholders  Agreement).  The  Leucadia  exchange  offer
described in Note 1 was a Permitted  Investor  Tender Offer approved by WilTel's
Board of Directors in August 2003 when the Board approved the merger  agreement.
In addition,  the Stockholders Agreement was terminated upon the consummation of
the merger by Leucadia.

     The WilTel  articles of  incorporation  (the  "Charter")  provided that 200
million shares of common stock were authorized for issuance (of which 50 million
shares were issued under the Plan and are  outstanding),  and 100 million shares
of preferred  stock were authorized for issuance (of which no shares were issued
and outstanding).

     Leucadia has entered into a Registration  Rights Agreement with the Company
by which the Company has granted Leucadia certain rights to obligate the Company
to  register  for sale under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  the shares  owned by
Leucadia or its affiliates, including the shares issued pursuant to the Plan.

     Leucadia and the Company have entered into a Stockholder Rights and Co-Sale
Agreement (the "Co-Sale Agreement") by which, among other things, certain WilTel
holders  (any of the  approximately  2,500  holders who  submitted  an affidavit
within 90 days after the Effective Date, or their Permitted Transferee under the
Co-Sale Agreement,  who maintain beneficial  ownership of at least 100 shares of
common stock  received  pursuant to the Plan) will be eligible to participate in
(i)  issuances of Securities  (as defined in the Co-Sale  Agreement) to Leucadia
until the fifth  anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) any transfer  (other
than transfers to affiliates of Leucadia and Exempt  Transactions (as defined in
the  Co-Sale   Agreement))   by  Leucadia  of  shares  of  WilTel  common  stock
representing  33% or more of the WilTel common stock  outstanding.  In addition,
two such holders each paid $25,000 to the Company  (with the  submission  of the
affidavit referred to above) to be eligible to participate in proposed issuances
or actual issuances of Other Securities (as defined in the Co-Sale Agreement) to
Leucadia  until  the  fifth  anniversary  of the  Effective  Date.  The  Co-Sale
Agreement was terminated upon the consummation of the merger by Leucadia.

     On October  28,  2002,  Leucadia  purchased  in a private  transaction  1.7
million  shares of WilTel's  common stock as reported on Schedule  13-D filed on
October 30,  2002,  which  brought  Leucadia's  ownership  interest in WilTel to
47.4%.

    The "Five-Percent Limitation" on Stock Ownership

     As required by the Plan, the Charter  imposes  certain  restrictions on the
transfer  of  "Corporation  Securities"  (as defined in the  Charter,  including
common stock,  preferred  stock,  and certain other  interests)  with respect to
persons  who are,  or  become,  five-percent  shareholders  of the  Company,  as
determined  in  accordance  with  applicable  tax  laws  and  regulations   (the
"Five-percent  Ownership  Limitation").  The Five-percent  Ownership  Limitation
provides that any transfer of, or agreement to transfer,  Corporation Securities
prior to the end of the  effectiveness  of the restriction (as described  below)
shall be prohibited if either (y) the  transferor  holds five percent or more of
the total fair  market  value of the  Corporation  Securities  (a  "Five-percent
Shareholder")  or (z) to the extent that,  as a result of such  transfer (or any
series of transfers of which such transfer is a part),  either (1) any person or
group of persons shall become a Five-percent Shareholder, or (2) the holdings of
any Five-percent  Shareholder shall be increased,  excluding issuances of WilTel
common  stock  under the Plan and  certain  other  enumerated  exceptions.  Each
certificate  representing  shares of WilTel  common  stock  bears a legend  that
re-states the applicable provisions of the Charter.

                                       40
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     The  Five-percent  Ownership  Limitation  will not  apply to:  (i)  certain
transactions  approved by the WilTel Board,  (ii) an  acquisition by Leucadia of
shares of the Corporation  Securities  that, as a percentage of the total shares
outstanding,  is not greater than the difference  between 49% and the percentage
of the total shares outstanding  acquired by Leucadia or any of its subsidiaries
in the Plan, plus any additional Corporation Securities acquired by Leucadia and
its subsidiaries,  and (iii) certain other transactions specified in the Charter
if, prior to the  transaction,  the WilTel Board or a duly authorized  committee
thereof  determines  in good faith upon request of the  transferor or transferee
that  the  transaction  meets  certain  specified  criteria.   The  Five-percent
Ownership  Limitation  did not apply to the merger by Leucadia  since the merger
agreement was approved by the WilTel Board.

    The Charter also prohibits the issuance of non-voting equity securities.

    Additional Effective Date Transactions

     In addition,  the following  transactions,  among  others,  occurred on the
Effective  Date  pursuant  to the Plan  (capitalized  terms used but not defined
herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan):

     o    All of the Restated  Credit  Documents were executed and delivered and
          became effective, and $350 million was paid to the Lenders thereunder.

     o    Each of the transactions that comprised the TWC Settlement occurred or
          were  implemented  and became  binding and  effective  in all respects
          (subject to the Escrow Agreement), including:

          -    documents  to effect the sale by Williams  Headquarters  Building
               Company of the  Building  Purchase  Assets to WTC pursuant to the
               Real Property  Purchase and Sale  Agreement  were  deposited into
               escrow  with  The  Bank  of  New  York,  as  Escrow  Agent,   and
               subsequently  delivered  when the $330  million  proceeds  of the
               Leucadia New Investment and purchase of TWC Assigned  Claims were
               released to the Company  and TWC,  respectively,  pursuant to the
               terms of the Escrow Agreement;

          -    all of the releases  contemplated  by the TWC  Settlement  became
               binding and  effective,  including  releases  whereby WCG,  WCG's
               current and former  directors  and  officers,  and the  Committee
               released TWC and its current and former directors,  officers, and
               agents;  in  addition,  TWC  released  WCG and WCG's  current and
               former  directors  and  officers,  including  the claims that TWC
               alleged it had against WCG's non-debtor subsidiaries; and

          -    all other transactions contemplated under the TWC Settlement were
               consummated.

          o    As contemplated  by the Settlement  Agreement,  the  confirmation
               order  provided an injunction  with respect to (a) channeling all
               personal  claims of WCG's  unsecured  creditors  against  TWC and
               deeming them  satisfied  from the  consideration  provided by TWC
               under the Settlement Agreement;  and (b) channeling all remaining
               securities  actions  against  WCG's  officers and  directors to a
               "fund"  consisting  of up to 2% of WilTel's  common stock and the
               right to collect  under  WCG's  director  and  officer  liability
               insurance policies.

          o    Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement,  TWC transferred to WCG all
               of its rights in the  "WilTel"  and "WilTel  Turns Up  Worldwide"
               marks,  and in  exchange  WCG  agreed  to  amend  the term of the
               Trademark License  Agreement,  dated April 23, 2001,  between TWC
               and WCG, to two years following the Effective Date, at which time
               the Company would no longer have the right to use the  "Williams"
               mark,  the  "Williams  Communications"  mark,  and certain  other
               "Williams"  related  marks.  The  transfer  of these  rights  was
               effectuated  through an  Assignment of Rights  Agreement  between
               Williams   Information  Services  Corporation  ("WISC")  and  WCL
               pursuant to which WISC agreed to grant,  sell,  and convey to WCL
               all of its right,  title,  and interest in the United  States and
               Canada  to  the   trademarks   "WilTel"  and  "WilTel   Turns  Up
               Worldwide."

                                       41
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

          o    WCG has various administrative service and support contracts with
               TWC. The Settlement  Agreement  provides for the  continuation of
               only those  contracts  between WCG and the TWC entities  that WCG
               views as favorable (the "TWC Continuing  Contracts"),  as well as
               modification  to certain  of those TWC  Continuing  Contracts  to
               waive any rights to an  unfavorable  alteration of contract terms
               due to the New Investment or the transactions contemplated by the
               Plan.

     All other payments,  deliveries and other distributions to be made pursuant
to the Plan or the Restated Credit Documents on or as soon as practicable  after
the Effective Date were made or duly provided for.

20. Adoption of Fresh Start Accounting

     As discussed in Note 19, the Company emerged from bankruptcy on October 15,
2002. Pursuant to the provisions of SOP 90-7, the Company adopted the provisions
of fresh  start  accounting  on October  31,  2002 to  coincide  with its normal
monthly  financial  closing  cycle.  Under  fresh  start  accounting,   the  net
reorganization value of the Company was allocated among the Company's individual
assets and  liabilities  based  upon  their  relative  fair  values,  which were
primarily based upon independent appraisals.

     In  conjunction  with  formulating  the Plan,  the Company was  required to
estimate its  post-confirmation  reorganization  value. The Company's  financial
advisors assisted in the valuation utilizing  methodologies that were based upon
the cash flow  projections  and business plan as contemplated by the Predecessor
Company.  These methodologies  incorporated  discounted cash flow techniques,  a
comparison  of the Company and its  projected  performance  to market  values of
comparable  companies  and  a  comparison  of  the  Company  and  its  projected
performance to values of past transactions  involving comparable  entities.  The
cash flow valuations  utilized  five-year  projections  discounted at a weighted
average cost of capital of approximately 27.5%, including a terminal value equal
to a multiple of projected fifth year operating  results,  together with the net
present value of the five-year  projected cash flows. Based upon these analyses,
upon emergence from the chapter 11 proceedings, the reorganization value for the
Company was estimated to be  approximately  $1.3  billion,  which was within the
range of reorganization  values contained in the Company's  disclosure statement
filed in the chapter 11 proceedings.  This reorganization value was reflected in
the  Company's  consolidated  balance sheet upon  emergence  from the chapter 11
proceedings as post-emergence  debt of approximately  $573 million and an equity
value of $750  million.  The  Company's  post-emergence  debt was  valued at the
present value of amounts  expected to be paid,  which was  principally  the face
amount.  The Company's  total common equity value was determined by reference to
the implied value of the equity derived from  Leucadia's  purchase of 44% of the
Company for $330 million.

     The  reorganization  value was  allocated  to the  Company's  net assets in
relation to their fair values similar to the  procedures  specified in SFAS 141,
"Business  Combinations."  The Company  recorded $2.2 billion in  reorganization
items to  record  its net  assets  to fair  value  primarily  consisting  of the
following:

          o    an adjustment to property,  plant and equipment of  approximately
               $2.4 billion to reflect its fair value;

          o    an adjustment to deferred revenue of  approximately  $210 million
               to reflect the estimated  value of such contracts as if they were
               entered into on the Effective Date;

                                       42
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

          o    a liability  for  long-term  commitments  not  representative  of
               current  market  conditions  of  approximately  $84  million  for
               commitments  that were either above  current  market rates or for
               capacity  not  required  based on the  Company's  business  plans
               primarily   related  to  real  estate  leases  and  domestic  and
               international capacity contracts; and

          o    an adjustment  in the benefit  obligation  of  approximately  $40
               million to record  unrecognized prior service costs and actuarial
               gains (losses) through October 31, 2002.

     The  allocation  of net  reorganization  value to  assets  and  liabilities
required significant judgment and assumptions.  For example, the Company engaged
an independent  appraiser to assist in its determination  that the fair value of
its long-lived  assets was  approximately  $1.5 billion and in its allocation of
the fair value to the various  asset  classes.  The  Company  and the  appraiser
considered  several  factors,  such as  local  market  conditions;  the size and
character of the property; the estimated cost to acquire comparable property (if
comparable property was available);  the estimated cost to acquire new property,
less the loss of value  (depreciation)  resulting from physical,  functional and
economic obsolescence;  contractual relationships; the remaining expected useful
life of the assets and estimates of future network capacity utilization.  To the
extent  actual  results are  different  than the  assumptions  the Company made,
future results of operations could be impacted either positively or negatively.

     The aggregate  replacement  cost of new  property,  plant and equipment was
estimated to be  approximately  $6 billion.  This  estimate  was  comprised of a
significant  network  construction  cost  element  of  approximately  $3 billion
(including  rights of way,  conduit and fiber) and equipment that is part of the
network of  approximately  $1.5 billion.  The network  construction  and related
equipment are both industry specific.  The remaining balance of the estimate was
comprised of buildings and other equipment,  which are not necessarily  industry
specific.  Functional and economic  obsolescence  factors  reduced the aggregate
value of the  property,  plant and  equipment  by  approximately  $4 billion and
primarily reflected the current abundance of capacity in the  telecommunications
industry  for  network-related  assets.  Estimates  of fair values were  further
reduced to account for the age of the Company's  assets. If the assumptions used
by the Company were changed to result in a different estimate of fair value, the
Company's  financial  position  and results of  operations  could be  materially
different. For example, if upon using different assumptions the estimate of fair
value was  lowered,  the  Company  would have likely  recognized  some amount of
goodwill and less property,  plant and equipment upon emergence from its chapter
11  proceedings  in its statement of financial  position,  which would have also
resulted in lower depreciation expense in the future.  Conversely, if upon using
different  assumptions  the  estimate of fair value was greater  than the amount
determined,  there  would  have been  minimal  impact on the  Company's  current
financial  position or future results of operations,  since any such increase in
value  would  reduce the  Company's  initial  estimated  value of its  long-term
assets, which in this case was property, plant and equipment.

     In addition,  the net assets of PowerTel were assumed to have minimal value
based on assessments by management and its financial  advisor assisting with the
potential  sale of the Company's  ownership  interest in PowerTel.  An important
element of that assessment included PowerTel's  struggles to maintain compliance
with its bank covenants.  In August 2003, market  conditions  improved such that
the Company sold its ownership interest in PowerTel resulting in a gain of $21.1
million as discussed in Note 5.

     The fair value  adjustment  to reflect the new carrying  value for deferred
revenue of approximately $253 million required a determination of fair value for
transactions  having limited activity in the current  telecommunications  market
environment.  The fair value adjustment  considered market indicators related to
pricing, quotes from third parties,  pricing for comparable transactions as well
as the legal  obligation of the Company to provide future services in accordance
with EITF 01-3,  "Accounting  in a Purchase  Business  Combination  for Deferred
Revenue of an Acquiree."  The Company also assumed it would  continue to perform
its contractual  obligations through the term of its contracts.  Revenue will be
recognized  on  these  contracts  as  services  are  performed,  typically  on a
straight-line basis over the remaining length of the contract. Future results of
operations  could  be  impacted  by  the  early  termination  of  the  Company's
obligations  to the  extent  the  contracts  are  rejected  through  a  customer
bankruptcy  proceeding or otherwise  settled  prior to completing  the Company's
performance obligation.

                                       43
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     An $84 million  liability,  on a net present value basis,  was recorded for
unfavorable long-term commitments that are either above the current market rates
for similar transactions (net of certain contracts that are below current market
rates) or for  telecommunications  capacity  that is not  required  based on the
Company's revised business plans.  These  commitments  primarily consist of real
estate leases and domestic and international capacity contracts. The accrual for
these unfavorable  commitments  includes significant  assumptions  pertaining to
future market prices,  future  capacity  utilization,  the ability to enter into
subleasing arrangements and that the commitments will not be terminated prior to
their  expiration   dates.  The  accrued   liability  will  be  amortized  on  a
straight-line basis over the life of the commitments. However, future results of
operations could be impacted by a subsequent adjustment to the accrued liability
as a result of the Company terminating or reducing its contractual obligation as
a result of  subsequent  agreements  with contract  counter-parties  or sublease
activity different from the Company's original assumptions.

     The  impact of the Plan and fresh  start  accounting  on the  Predecessor's
consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2002 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                      Successor
                                                                                                                       Company
                                                             (a)            (b)        Fresh Start           (e)        After
                                           Predecessor       New            Debt        Accounting          Escrow      Escrow
                                             Company      Investment    Restructuring  Adjustments          Release     Release
                                             -------      ----------    -------------  -----------          -------     -------
                                                                              (In millions)
<S>                                              <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>

Assets
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                $    517.6    $      --      $    (350.0)   $      --          $   150.0   $   317.6
   Receivables                                   171.8           --             (1.8)         11.1  (c)         --         181.1
   Notes receivable                               55.0           --               --           --               --          55.0
   Other                                          69.0           --             (0.9)        (13.8) (c)         --          54.3
                                            ----------    ---------      -----------    ----------         ---------   ---------
Total current assets                             813.4           --           (352.7)         (2.7)            150.0       608.0
Property, plant and equipment, net             3,910.1           --               --      (2,408.0) (c)         --       1,502.1
Other assets and deferred charges, net            73.6           --             (3.3)        (20.3) (c)         --          50.0
                                            ----------    ---------      -----------    ----------         ---------   ----------
Total assets                                $  4,797.1    $      --      $    (356.0)   $ (2,431.0)        $   150.0   $ 2,160.1
                                            ==========    =========      ===========    ==========         =========   =========

Liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)
Current liabilities:
   Current liabilities not subject to
     compromise:
     Accounts payable                       $    168.2    $      --      $      (0.5)   $     (0.1) (c)    $    --     $   167.6
     Deferred revenue                            100.6           --               --         (25.4) (c)         --          75.2
     Accrued liabilities                         228.8           --             (0.2)         43.2  (c)         --         271.8
     Long-term debt due within one year          380.1           --           (373.1)          --               --           7.0
                                            ----------    ---------      -----------    ----------         ---------   ---------
   Total current liabilities not                                                                                --
     subject to compromise                       877.7           --           (373.8)         17.7                         521.6
   Current liabilities subject to
     compromise                                  243.0           --           (243.0)          --               --           --
                                            ----------    ---------      -----------    ----------         ---------   ---------
Total current liabilities                      1,120.7           --           (616.8)         17.7              --         521.6
Long-term debt                                   640.8           --            (74.6)        --                 --         566.2
Long-term deferred revenue                       362.1           --               --        (184.4) (c)         --         177.7
Other liabilities                                 51.9           --               --          87.7  (c)         --         139.6
Long-term liabilities subject to
  compromise                                   4,603.9           --         (4,603.9)          --               --           --
Minority interest in consolidated
   Subsidiary                                     36.5           --               --         (31.5) (c)         --           5.0
 6.75% redeemable cumulative
   convertible preferred stock                   166.1           --               --        (166.1) (d)         --           --

Stockholders' equity (deficit):
   Common stock                                    5.0          0.1              0.4          (5.0) (d)         --           0.5
   Capital in excess of par value              3,993.9        149.9            599.6      (3,993.9) (d)         --         749.5
   Subscriptions receivable                        --        (150.0)             --           --               150.0         --
   Accumulated deficit                        (6,167.3)          --          4,339.3       1,828.0  (d)         --           --
   Other comprehensive loss                      (16.5)          --               --          16.5  (d)         --           --
                                            ----------    ---------      -----------    ----------         ---------   ---------
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)          (2,184.9)          --          4,939.3      (2,154.4)            150.0       750.0
                                            ----------    ---------      -----------    ----------         ---------   ---------
Total liabilities and stockholders'
   equity (deficit)                         $  4,797.1    $      --      $    (356.0)   $ (2,431.0)        $   150.0   $ 2,160.1
                                            ==========    =========      ===========    ==========         =========   =========

</TABLE>
                                       44
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     Explanations of the adjustment  columns in the  consolidated  balance sheet
are as follows:

(a)  To  record  the $150  million  investment  by  Leucadia  as a  subscription
     receivable until the proceeds placed in escrow were released.

(b)  To  reflect  the  $350  million  prepayment  on the  credit  facility,  the
     discharge of liabilities subject to compromise, the replacement of the sale
     and  subsequent  leaseback  debt with the OTC Notes and  issuance of WilTel
     common  stock  upon  consummation  of the Plan  resulting  in a gain on the
     reorganization of $4.3 billion.

(c)  To reflect the fair value of net assets as of October 31, 2002.

(d)  To reflect the  cancellation  of WCG's  Class A common  stock and the 6.75%
     redeemable  cumulative  convertible  preferred stock and the elimination of
     accumulated deficit and other comprehensive loss.

(e)  To reflect the release of the $150 million Leucadia  investment from escrow
     in December 2002.

21. Reorganization Items, Net

     Reorganization items, which consist of items incurred by WCG as a result of
reorganization  under the  Bankruptcy  Code,  are as follows  for the ten months
ended October 31, 2002:

                                                                 Predecessor
                                                               (In thousands)

Reorganization items, net:
   Gain on the discharge of liabilities (a)                     $  4,339,342
   Fresh start adjustments to fair value (b)...............       (2,154,464)
   Gain on forgiveness of interest (c)....................            73,898
   Write-off of deferred financing costs (d)..............           (92,391)
   Write-off of debt discounts (d)........................           (10,055)
   Retention bonus agreements with former officers (e)....           (12,926)
   Retention incentive expense (e)........................           (12,108)
   Professional fees and other (f).......................            (68,109)
   Interest income (g)...................................              2,845
                                                                 -----------
                                                                 $ 2,066,032
                                                                 ===========

    Explanations of the reorganization items in the table above are as follows:

     (a)  The  gain  on the  discharge  of  liabilities  subject  to  compromise
          primarily  included the Senior Redeemable Notes of approximately  $2.4
          billion,   the  Trust  Notes  of  $1.4  billion,  the  ADP  Claims  of
          approximately  $754  million,  the  Pre-Spin  Services  Claims of $100
          million,  the  replacement of the sale and  subsequent  leaseback debt
          with the OTC Notes of  approximately  $97 million and accrued interest
          of  approximately  $137 million,  partially  offset by the issuance of
          $600 million of WilTel common stock.

     (b)  See Note 20 for a discussion of the  adjustments  to record net assets
          to fair value in fresh start accounting.

     (c)  As  discussed  in Note 19, in March 2002,  certain  provisions  of the
          indenture  related to the Trust  Notes were  amended.  The  amendment,
          among other things,  provided  that TWC would make the required  March
          and  September  2002  interest  payments  on behalf of WCG to WCG Note
          Trust,  and WCG  would  not be  required  to  reimburse  TWC for these
          interest  payments.  Since the interest accrued on these notes through
          March  2002  was  not a  claim  in the  chapter  11  proceedings,  WCG
          recognized  a gain of $73.9  million  ($0.15  per  share)  for the ten
          months ended October 31, 2002 in accordance with SOP 90-7.

                                       45
<PAGE>

                        WILTEL COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

     (d)  For the ten months  ended  October 31,  2002,  the  Company  wrote off
          deferred   financing   costs  and  debt  discounts   associated   with
          liabilities  subject  to  compromise  and a  portion  of the  deferred
          financing  costs  associated  with the  Company's  credit  facility to
          reorganization  items in  accordance  with SOP 90-7 since the deferred
          financing costs and debt discounts do not have a remaining useful life
          as a result of the chapter 11 proceedings.

     (e)  As  discussed in Note 16, the Company has  recorded  $12.9  million in
          reorganization  expense  for the ten months  ended  October  31,  2002
          primarily  related to taxes on the  retention  bonus  agreements  with
          former  officers in place,  inasmuch as the Company  committed  to pay
          pursuant to those  agreements  an  aggregate  of up to $20 million for
          taxes incurred by the beneficiaries of those agreements.  In addition,
          the Company  recorded  $12.1  million for the ten months ended October
          31, 2002 pursuant to an employee incentive program that was adopted to
          retain employees during the Company's restructuring process.

     (f)  Professional  fees and other primarily  consists of professional  fees
          for legal and  financial  advisory  services  in  connection  with the
          reorganization.

     (g)  The Company  recognized  interest  income of $2.8  million for the ten
          months ended October 31, 2002 on accumulated cash that the Company did
          not disburse as a result of the chapter 11 proceedings.

22. Asset Impairments and Restructuring Charges

     Asset  impairments  and  restructuring  charges of $8.6 million for the two
months ended  December 31, 2002  included  $8.4  million for  severance  related
expenses.  Asset impairments and restructuring  charges of $28.5 million for the
ten months ended October 31, 2002 included  $21.6 million for severance  related
expenses and $4.0 million  related to the early  termination  or  settlement  of
lease agreements.  The Company had workforce  reductions of approximately  1,400
employees in 2002 and paid out  approximately  $26 million relating to severance
in 2002.

     During the first three  quarters of 2002,  the Company  compared  estimated
future net cash flows  associated with its long-lived  assets with the remaining
basis of such  long-lived  assets on a going concern  basis,  and determined its
remaining  basis in its long-lived  assets was  recoverable  through future cash
flows. Estimates of future net cash flows used for potential impairment analysis
were  consistent  with  estimates  used by the Company's  financial  advisors to
arrive at the Company's  reorganization value and included assumptions regarding
decreased prices for the Company's products and services,  significant increases
in sales  quantities in periods  beyond 2002 and that the Company would continue
to have adequate  liquidity.  It was determined that no impairment was necessary
for the ten  months  ended  October  31,  2002.  The  adoption  of  fresh  start
accounting resulted in a reduction in the Company's carrying value of long-lived
assets by approximately  $2.4 billion and is reported as a reorganization  item.
The  reorganization  value was based on a discounted cash flow  methodology,  as
required,  whereas the impairment  tests utilized  undiscounted  cash flows,  as
required.  This is the primary  reason no impairment  was  necessary  during the
first  three  quarters  of  2002,  and a  reduction  in the  carrying  value  of
long-lived assets was necessary at the adoption of fresh start accounting.

                                       46
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex3_5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>3.5
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.5

                                 CERTIFICATE OF
                                AMENDMENT OF THE
                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                       OF
                          LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION

                UNDER SECTION 805 OF THE BUSINESS CORPORATION LAW


         Pursuant to the provisions of Section 805 of the Business Corporation
Law, the undersigned hereby certifies:

     1.   The name of the Corporation is Leucadia National Corporation (the
          "Corporation"). The name under which the Corporation was formed is
          Talcott National Corporation.

     2.   The date the Certificate of Incorporation was filed by the Department
          of State was May 24, 1968.

     3.   An amendment of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation
          effected by this Certificate of Amendment to extend the effectiveness
          of the transfer restrictions contained in Part III of Article FOURTH
          is hereby made.


           To effect the foregoing, Article FOURTH is hereby amended and shall
read in its entirety as follows:

           FOURTH: The aggregate number of shares of capital stock of all
classes which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 156,000,000,
divided into 6,000,000 shares, having a par value of $1 each, which are
designated Preferred Stock and are issuable in series, and 150,000,000 shares,
having a par value of $1 each, which are designated Common Stock.

           No holder of shares of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized or outstanding, shall have any
pre-emptive, preferential or other right to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, whether now or
hereafter authorized or outstanding, or any bonds, notes, obligations, options,
warrants, rights or other securities which the Corporation may at any time issue
or sell, whether or not the same be convertible into or exercisable for the
purchase of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, it being
intended by this paragraph that all pre-emptive rights of any kind applicable to
the securities of the Corporation are eliminated.

           The designations, relative rights, preferences and limitations of
each class of the Corporation's capital stock and each series thereof, to the
extent fixed in the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, and the
authority vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation to establish and
designate series of the Preferred Stock and to fix variations in the relative
rights, preferences and limitations between such series, are as follows:


NY2:\1400654\01\%0R201!.DOC\76830.0001
<PAGE>
                               I. PREFERRED STOCK

                    GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO ALL SERIES

           1. The Preferred Stock shall consist of one class, may be issued from
time to time in one or more series, and the shares of any one series thereof may
be issued from time to time. All shares of the Preferred Stock of the same
series shall be identical in all respects, except that shares of any one series
issued at different times may differ as to the dates, if any, from which
dividends thereon may accumulate. All shares of Preferred Stock of all series
shall be identical in all respects set forth in sections 1 through 5 hereof
(except as otherwise permitted in such sections) and shall be of equal rank as
set forth in sections 2 and 3 below. Subject to the foregoing, (i) the
designations, relative rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of each
such series may differ from those of any and all other such series authorized
and/or outstanding and (ii) the Board of Directors of the Corporation is hereby
expressly granted authority to establish and designate series and to fix with
respect to any such series, or alter in any one or more respects from time to
time, by resolution or resolutions adopted prior to the issuance of any shares
of such series, and by filing a certificate under Section 805 of the Business
Corporation Law, (a) the number of shares constituting such series and the
designation thereof, (b) the rate of dividends, (c) redemption terms (including
purchase and sinking funds provisions), (d) conversion rights into any class or
series of capital stock of the Corporation, (e) liquidation preferences, (f)
voting rights and (g) any other lawful rights, preferences and limitations.

           2. Unless otherwise provided in the resolutions creating or altering
a series, the holders of Preferred Stock of each series shall be entitled to
receive, as and when declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds or other
assets of the Corporation legally available therefor, cumulative dividends at
the annual rate fixed by the Board of Directors with respect to such series, and
no more, payable in cash, on such dates in each year as the Board of Directors
may determine, such dividends with respect to each series to be cumulative from
the date or dates fixed by the Board of Directors with respect to such series.
The first dividend or distribution with respect to shares of any particular
series not issued on a dividend date may be fixed by the Board of Directors at
more or less than the regular periodic dividend or distribution thereon. In the
event Preferred Stock of more than one series is outstanding, the Corporation in
making any dividend payment upon Preferred Stock shall make dividend payments
ratably upon all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock of all series in
proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accrued and payable thereon to
the date of such dividend payment. If the dividends or distributions on any
shares of Preferred Stock shall be in arrears, the holders thereof shall not be
entitled to any interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, thereon. In no
event, so long as any Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, shall any dividend
whatsoever, whether in cash, stock or otherwise, other than a dividend payable
in stock of the Corporation of a class junior to the Preferred Stock, be
declared or paid, or any distribution made, on any stock of the Corporation of a
class ranking junior to the Preferred Stock, nor shall any shares of any such
junior class of stock be purchased or acquired for a consideration by the
Corporation or be redeemed by the Corporation, nor shall any moneys be paid to
the holders of, or set aside or made available for a sinking fund for the


                                       2
<PAGE>
purchase or redemption of, any shares of any such junior class of stock unless
(i) all dividends and distributions on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
of all series for all past dividend periods shall have been paid and all
dividends payable on or before the date of such dividend, distribution,
purchase, acquisition, redemption, setting aside or making available shall have
been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart,
and (ii) the Corporation shall have paid or set aside all amounts, if any,
theretofore required to be paid or set aside as and for all matured purchase
fund and sinking fund obligations, if any, for the shares of Preferred Stock of
all series or to satisfy any distributions declared with respect to any shares
of Preferred Stock of any series. The holders of Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to participate in any dividends payable on junior stock or to share in
the earnings or profits of the Corporation other than or in excess of that
hereinabove provided.

           3. In the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of each series of
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, before any distribution or payment
is made upon any stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock, such amount of
cash, shares, bonds or other property (which amount may vary depending on
whether such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is voluntary or involuntary)
to which each such outstanding series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled in
accordance with the provisions thereof together with an amount in cash equal to
all dividends accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of such distribution or
payment, and shall be entitled to no further payment. If, upon any such
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets of the Corporation
distributable among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to
permit the payment in full to such holders of the amounts to which they are
respectively entitled, the assets so distributable shall be distributed among
the holders of the Preferred Stock then outstanding ratably in proportion to the
amounts to which they are respectively entitled. For the purposes of this
Section 3, neither the voluntary sale, lease, exchange or transfer of all or
substantially all of the Corporation's property or assets to, nor the
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with, one or more corporations, nor a
reduction of the capital stock or stated capital of the Corporation, shall be
deemed to be a dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, voluntary or involuntary.

           4. The Corporation, at the option of the Board of Directors, may,
subject to the provisions applicable to such series, redeem at any time or
times, and from time to time, all or any part of the shares of any series of
Preferred Stock subject to redemption by paying for each share such price or
prices as shall have been fixed by the Board of Directors prior to the issuance
of such series, plus an amount equal to dividends accrued and unpaid thereon to
the date fixed for redemption, plus premiums in the amounts, if any, so fixed
with respect to such series (the total amount per share so payable upon any
redemption of shares of any series of Preferred Stock being herein referred to
as the "redemption price"). Except as otherwise provided in the provisions
relating to a particular series of Preferred Stock, not less than 15 days nor
more than 60 days prior written notice shall be given to the holders of record
of the shares so to be redeemed, which notice shall be given by mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to such holders at their respective addresses as shown on the
books of the Corporation. Such notice shall specify the shares called for


                                       3
<PAGE>
redemption, the redemption price and the place at which, and the date on which,
the shares called for redemption will, upon presentation and surrender of the
stock certificates evidencing such shares, be redeemed. In case of redemption of
less than all of the outstanding Preferred Stock of any one series, such
redemption (unless otherwise stated in the provisions relating to such series)
may be made pro rata or the shares to be redeemed may be chosen by lot, in such
manner as the Board of Directors may determine. No failure to deliver or mail
such notice nor any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall affect the
validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares so to be redeemed.

           If such notice of redemption shall have been duly given, and if on or
before the redemption date specified in such notice all funds necessary for such
redemption shall have been set aside so as to be available therefor, then,
notwithstanding that any certificate for the shares of such Preferred Stock so
called for redemption shall not have been surrendered for cancellation, the
shares represented thereby shall, from and after the date fixed for redemption,
no longer be deemed outstanding, the right to receive dividends thereon shall
cease to accrue from and after the date of redemption so fixed, and all rights
with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall
forthwith at the close of business on such redemption date cease and terminate,
except the right of the holders thereof to receive the amount payable upon
redemption thereof, but without interest; provided, however, that the
Corporation may, after giving such notice of any such redemption and prior to
the redemption date specified in such notice, deposit in trust, for the account
of the holders of such Preferred Stock to be redeemed, with a bank or trust
company having an office in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of
New York and having a capital, undivided profits and surplus aggregating at
least $50,000,000, all funds necessary for such redemption, and, upon such
deposit in trust, all shares of such Preferred Stock with respect to which such
deposit shall have been made shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and
all rights with respect to such shares of such Preferred Stock shall forthwith
cease and terminate, except (a) the right of the holders thereof to receive the
amount payable upon the redemption thereof, but without interest, and (b) the
right of the holders thereof to exercise on or before the date fixed for
redemption the rights, if any, not having theretofore expired, which the holders
thereof shall have to convert the shares so called for redemption into, or
exchange such shares for, shares of stock of any other class or classes or of
any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the
Corporation.

           Any funds so deposited which shall not be required for such
redemption because of the exercise of any right of conversion or exchange or
otherwise subsequent to the date of such deposit shall be returned to the
Corporation forthwith. Any interest accrued on any funds so deposited shall
belong to the Corporation and be paid to it from time to time. Any funds so
deposited by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of six years from the date
fixed for such redemption shall be repaid to the Corporation, upon its request,
after which repayment the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall
look only to the Corporation for the payment of the redemption price thereof.


                                       4
<PAGE>
           If at any time the Corporation shall have failed to pay dividends in
full on all series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, thereafter and until
such dividends, including all accrued and unpaid dividends, shall have been paid
in full, or declared and funds sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for
payment, the Corporation shall not redeem or purchase less than all of the
Preferred Stock at such time outstanding; provided, however, that nothing shall
prevent the Corporation from completing the purchase of shares of Preferred
Stock for which a purchase contract has been entered into, or the redemption of
any shares of Preferred Stock for which notice of redemption has been given,
prior to such default.

           5. Except as otherwise specifically provided with respect to a
particular series of Preferred Stock, as hereinafter in this section 5 provided,
and as required by law, the Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights.

           Whenever dividends payable on the Preferred Stock shall be in default
in an aggregate amount equivalent to at least six quarterly dividends on any of
the shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, the number of directors
constituting the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be increased by
two, and the holders of the Preferred Stock, voting as a class (whether or not
otherwise entitled to vote for the election of directors), shall be entitled to
elect two directors of the Corporation to fill such newly-created directorships.
Such directors shall serve (subject to the last sentence of the next paragraph
of this section 5) until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their
successors are elected and qualify. Whenever such right of the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall have vested, such right may be exercised initially either
at a special meeting of such holders called as provided herein, or at any annual
meeting of shareholders, and thereafter at annual meetings of shareholders. The
right of the holders of the Preferred Stock, voting as a class, to elect members
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation as aforesaid shall continue until
such time as the dividends accumulated on the Preferred Stock shall have been
paid in full, at which time the special right of the holders of the Preferred
Stock so to vote separately as a class for the election of directors shall
terminate, subject to renewal and divestment from time to time upon the same
terms and conditions.

           At any time after the voting power to elect two additional members of
the Board of Directors of the Corporation has become vested in the holders of
the Preferred Stock, the Secretary of the Corporation may, and upon the request
of the holders of record of at least 5% of the Preferred Stock then outstanding
addressed to him, shall, call a special meeting of the holders of Preferred
Stock for the purpose of electing such directors, to be held within 50 days
after the receipt of such request; provided, however, that the Secretary need
not call any such special meeting if the annual meeting of shareholders is to
convene within 90 days after the receipt by the Secretary of such request. Such
meeting shall be held at such place as shall be specified in the notice and upon
notice as provided in the By-Laws of the Corporation for the holding of special
meetings of shareholders. If such meeting shall not be so called within 20 days
after the receipt of such request (not including, however, a request falling
within the proviso of the second preceding sentence), then the holders of record
of at least 5% of the Preferred Stock then outstanding may designate in writing
one of their number to call such meeting, and the person so designated shall
call such meeting at the place and upon the notice above provided, and for that

                                       5
<PAGE>
purpose shall have access to the stock books of the Corporation. At any such
special or annual meeting at which the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have
the right to vote for the election of such two directors as aforesaid, the
holders of 33 1/3% of the then outstanding Preferred Stock present in person or
represented by proxy shall be sufficient to constitute a quorum of said class
for the election of such two directors and for no other purpose, and the vote of
the holders of a plurality of the Preferred Stock so present at any such meeting
at which there shall be such a quorum shall be sufficient to elect two
directors. Whenever the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be divested of such
voting right hereinabove provided, the directors so elected by the Preferred
Stock shall thereupon cease to be directors of the Corporation and thereupon the
number of directors shall be reduced by two.


           Every shareholder entitled to vote at any particular time in
accordance with the foregoing two paragraphs shall have one vote for each share
of Preferred Stock held of record by him and entitled to vote.

           6. As used in connection with any series of Preferred Stock, the
terms "junior stock", "junior class of stock" and "stock ranking junior to the
Preferred Stock" shall mean and refer to the Common Stock and any other class or
series of stock of the Corporation hereafter authorized which shall rank junior
to the Preferred Stock with respect to the declaration and payment of dividends
thereon and the distribution of amounts with respect thereto payable in the
event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation.

                                II. COMMON STOCK

           Subject to all of the rights of the Preferred Stock, dividends may be
paid upon the Common Stock as and when declared by the Board of Directors out of
funds and other assets legally available for the payment of dividends. The Board
of Directors may declare a dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock in
shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Company.

           In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up of
the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, and after the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full the amounts to which they
respectively shall be entitled, or an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate
amount to which such holders shall be entitled shall have been deposited in
trust with a bank or trust company having its principal office in the Borough of
Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, having a capital, undivided
profits and surplus aggregating at least $50,000,000, for the benefit of the
holders of the Preferred Stock, the remaining net assets of the Corporation
shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of the Common Stock.

           Except as otherwise expressly provided with respect to the Preferred
Stock and except as otherwise may be required by law, the Common Stock shall
have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other
purposes and each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each
share held.



                                       6
<PAGE>
                           III. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS


           (a) Certain Definitions. As used in this Part III of Article FOURTH,
the following terms have the following respective meanings:

           "Corporation Securities" means (i) shares of common stock of the
Corporation, (ii) shares of preferred stock of the Corporation, (iii) warrants,
rights, or options (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
ss.1.382-2T(h)(4)(v)) to purchase stock of the Corporation, and (iv) any other
interests that would be treated as "stock" of the Corporation pursuant to
Treasury Regulation ss.1.382-2T(f)(18).

           "Percentage Stock Ownership" means percentage stock ownership as
determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation ss.1.382-2T(g), (h), (j), and
(k).

           "Five-Percent Shareholder" means a Person or group of Persons that is
identified as a "5-percent shareholder" of the Corporation pursuant to Treasury
Regulation ss.1.382-2T(g)(1).

           "Person" means an individual, corporation, estate, trust,
association, company, partnership, joint venture or similar organization.

           "Prohibited Transfer" means any purported Transfer of Corporation
Securities to the extent that such Transfer is prohibited and void under this
Part III of Article FOURTH.

           "Restriction Release Date" means the earlier of December 31, 2024,
the repeal of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code") (and any comparable successor provision) ("Section 382"), or the
beginning of a taxable year of the Corporation (or any successor thereof) to
which no Tax Benefits may be carried forward.

           "Tax Benefits" means the net operating loss carryovers, capital loss
carryovers, general business credit carryovers, alternative minimum tax credit
carryovers and foreign tax credit carryovers, as well as any "net unrealized
built-in loss" within the meaning of Section 382, of the Corporation or any
direct or indirect subsidiary thereof.

           "Transfer" means any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment,
conveyance, pledge, or other disposition. A Transfer also shall include the
creation or grant of an option (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
ss.1.382-2T(h)(4)(v)). A Transfer shall not include an issuance or grant of
Corporation Securities by the Corporation.

           "Treasury Regulation ss.1.382-2T" means the temporary income tax
regulations promulgated under Section 382, and any successor regulations.
References to any subsection of such regulations include references to any
successor subsection thereof.


                                       7
<PAGE>
           (b) Restrictions. Any attempted Transfer of Corporation Securities
prior to the Restriction Release Date, or any attempted Transfer of Corporation
Securities pursuant to an agreement entered into prior to the Restriction
Release Date, shall be prohibited and void ab initio to the extent that, as a
result of such Transfer (or any series of Transfers of which such Transfer is a
part), either (1) any Person or group of Persons shall become a Five-Percent
Shareholder, or (2) the Percentage Stock Ownership interest in the Corporation
of any Five-Percent Shareholder shall be increased; provided, however, that
nothing herein contained shall preclude the settlement of any transaction
entered into through the facilities of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. in the
Corporation Securities.

           (c) Certain Exceptions. The restrictions set forth in paragraph (b)
of this Part III of Article FOURTH shall not apply to an attempted Transfer if
the transferor or the transferee obtains the approval of the Board of Directors
of the Corporation. As a condition to granting its approval, the Board of
Directors may, in its discretion, require an opinion of counsel selected by the
Board of Directors that the Transfer shall not result in the application of any
Section 382 limitation on the use of the Tax Benefits.

           (d) Treatment of Excess Securities.

           (i) No employee or agent of the Corporation shall record any
Prohibited Transfer, and the purported transferee of such a Prohibited Transfer
(the "Purported Transferee") shall not be recognized as a shareholder of the
Corporation for any purpose whatsoever in respect of the Corporation Securities
which are the subject of the Prohibited Transfer (the "Excess Securities").
Until the Excess Securities are acquired by another Person in a Transfer that is
not a Prohibited Transfer, the Purported Transferee shall not be entitled with
respect to such Excess Securities to any rights of shareholders of the
Corporation, including without limitation, the right to vote such Excess
Securities and to receive dividends or distributions, whether liquidating or
otherwise, in respect thereof, if any. Once the Excess Securities have been
acquired in a Transfer that is not a Prohibited Transfer, the Securities shall
cease to be Excess Securities.

           (ii) If the Board of Directors determines that a Transfer of
Corporation Securities constitutes a Prohibited Transfer then, upon written
demand by the Corporation, the Purported Transferee shall transfer or cause to
be transferred any certificate or other evidence of ownership of the Excess
Securities within the Purported Transferee's possession or control, together
with any dividends or other distributions that were received by the Purported
Transferee from the Corporation with respect to the Excess Securities
("Prohibited Distributions"), to an agent designated by the Board of Directors
(the "Agent"). The Agent shall thereupon sell to a buyer or buyers, which may
include the Corporation, the Excess Securities transferred to it in one or more
arm's-length transactions (over the New York Stock Exchange, if possible);
provided, however, that the Agent shall effect such sale or sales in an orderly
fashion and shall not be required to effect any such sale within any specific
time frame if, in the Agent's discretion, such sale or sales would disrupt the
market for the Corporation Securities or otherwise would adversely affect the
value of the Corporation Securities. If the Purported Transferee has resold the
Excess Securities before receiving the Corporation's demand to surrender the


                                       8
<PAGE>
Excess Securities to the Agent, the Purported Transferee shall be deemed to have
sold the Excess Securities for the Agent, and shall be required to transfer to
the Agent any Prohibited Distributions and the proceeds of such sale, except to
the extent that the Agent grants written permission to the Purported Transferee
to retain a portion of such sales proceeds not exceeding the amount that the
Purported Transferee would have received from the Agent pursuant to paragraph
(d)(iii) of this Article FOURTH if the Agent rather than the Purported
Transferee had resold the Excess Securities.

           (iii) The Agent shall apply any proceeds of a sale by it of Excess
Securities and, if the Purported Transferee had previously resold the Excess
Securities, any amounts received by it from a Purported Transferee, as follows:
(1) first, such amounts shall be paid to the Agent to the extent necessary to
cover its costs and expenses incurred in connection with its duties hereunder;
(2) second, any remaining amounts shall be paid to the Purported Transferee, up
to the amount paid by the Purported Transferee for the Excess Securities (or the
fair market value, calculated on the basis of the closing market price for
Corporation Securities on the day before the Transfer, of the Excess Securities
at the time of the attempted Transfer to the Purported Transferee by gift,
inheritance, or similar Transfer), which amount (or fair market value) shall be
determined in the discretion of the Board of Directors; and (3) third, any
remaining amounts, subject to the limitations imposed by the following proviso,
shall be paid to the Leucadia Foundation; provided, however, that (i) if the
Leucadia Foundation shall have terminated prior to its receipt of such amounts,
such remaining amounts shall be paid to one or more organizations qualifying
under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code (and any comparable successor provision)
("Section 501(c)(3)") selected by the Board of Directors, and (ii) if the Excess
Securities (including any Excess Securities arising from a previous Prohibited
Transfer not sold by the Agent in a prior sale or sales), represent a 5% or
greater Percentage Stock Ownership interest in any class of Corporation
Securities, then any such remaining amounts to the extent attributable to the
disposition of the portion of such Excess Securities exceeding a 4.99 Percentage
Stock Ownership interest in such class shall be paid to one or more
organizations qualifying under Section 501(c)(3) selected by the Board of
Directors. The recourse of any Purported Transferee in respect of any Prohibited
Transfer shall be limited to the amount payable to the Purported Transferee
pursuant to clause (2) of the preceding sentence. In no event shall the proceeds
of any sale of Excess Securities pursuant to this Part III of Article FOURTH
inure to the benefit of the Corporation.

           (iv) If the Purported Transferee fails to surrender the Excess
Securities or the proceeds of a sale thereof to the Agent within thirty business
days from the date on which the Corporation makes a demand pursuant to paragraph
(d)(ii) of this Article, then the Corporation shall institute legal proceedings
to compel the surrender.

           (v) The Corporation shall make the demand described in paragraph
(d)(ii) of this Part III of Article FOURTH within thirty days of the date on
which the Board of Directors determines that the attempted Transfer would result
in Excess Securities; provided, however, that if the Corporation makes such
demand at a later date, the provisions of this Part III of Article FOURTH shall
apply nonetheless.


                                       9
<PAGE>
           (e) Bylaws, Legends, etc.

           (i) The Bylaws of the Corporation shall make appropriate provisions
to effectuate the requirements of this Part III of Article FOURTH.

           (ii) All certificates representing Corporation Securities issued
after the effectiveness of this Part III of Article FOURTH shall bear a
conspicuous legend as follows:

          THE TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS SUBJECT TO
          RESTRICTIONS PURSUANT TO PART III OF ARTICLE FOURTH OF THE CERTIFICATE
          OF INCORPORATION OF LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION REPRINTED IN ITS
          ENTIRETY ON THE BACK OF THIS CERTIFICATE.

           (iii) The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall have the power
to determine all matters necessary to determine compliance with this Part III of
Article FOURTH, including without limitation (1) whether a new Five-Percent
Shareholder would be required to be identified in certain circumstances, (2)
whether a Transfer is a Prohibited Transfer, (3) the Percentage Stock Ownership
in the Corporation of any Five-Percent Shareholder, (4) whether an instrument
constitutes a Corporation Security, (5) the amount (or fair market value) due to
a Purported Transferee pursuant to clause (2) of paragraph (d)(iii) of this Part
III of Article FOURTH, and (6) any other matters which the Board of Directors
determines to be relevant; and the good faith determination of the Board of
Directors on such matters shall be conclusive and binding for all the purposes
of this Part III of Article FOURTH.

           4. The foregoing amendment was approved by the Board of Directors at
a meeting on March 25, 2004 and by the holders of a majority of all outstanding
shares entitled to vote thereon at a meeting of shareholders on May 11, 2004,
and thereby duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 803 of the
Business Corporation Law of the State of New York.



                                       10
<PAGE>
           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of
Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation to be executed by a duly
authorized officer as of the 13th day of May, 2004.


                                            LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION

                                            By:  /s/ Joseph A. Orlando
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Name:   Joseph A. Orlando
                                                Title:  Vice President and
                                                        Chief Financial Officer










                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>jd3-5ex10_4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.4
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.4




                                     {DATE}



(GENDER) (FNAME) (LNAME)
(ADDRESS)
(ADDRESS2)
(CITY) (STATE)  (ZIP)

                       Re: Grant of Incentive Stock Option
                           -------------------------------


Dear (NAME2):

           On May 5, 1999, the shareholders of Leucadia National Corporation
(the "Company") authorized and approved the 1999 Stock Option Plan, which was
previously adopted by the Board of Directors. The 1999 Stock Option Plan, as
amended, (the "Plan") provides for the grant of certain rights and options to
directors of the Company and certain key employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries and parent corporations. A copy of the Plan is annexed hereto and
shall be deemed a part hereof as if fully set forth herein. Unless the context
otherwise requires, all terms defined in the Plan shall have the same meaning
when used herein.

           Subject to the provisions of this Letter Agreement and the provisions
of the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you on the date hereof (the "Grant
Date"), as a matter of separate inducement and not in lieu of any salary or
other compensation for your services, the right and option (the "Option") to
purchase, an aggregate of (OPTIONS) Common Shares, par value $1.00 per share, of
the Company at a price of ${PRICE} per share, such option price being, in the
judgment of the Committee, not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair
Market Value of a common share at the Grant Date. The option is intended to
qualify as an "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, but it is specifically understood
that no warranty is made to you as to such qualification.

           Subject to the provisions and limitations of Articles VI, VIII and
XVI of the Plan, this Option may be exercised by you, on a cumulative basis,
during a period of five (5) years commencing {DATE ONE YEAR FROM GRANT DATE}and
terminating at the close of business on {DATE SIX YEARS FROM GRANT DATE} as
follows:

           (a) this Option may not be exercised by you during the period from
Grant Date to, but not including {DATE ONE YEAR FROM GRANT DATE};

           (b) up to twenty percent (20%) of the total number of shares subject
to this Option may be purchased by you beginning {DATE ONE YEAR FROM GRANT
DATE};

           (c) up to an additional twenty percent (20%) of the total number of
shares subject to this Option may be purchased by you beginning {DATE TWO YEARS
FROM GRANT DATE};

NY2:\1516359\01\W$1301!.DOC\76830.0001

<PAGE>
           (d) up to an additional twenty percent (20%) of the total number of
shares subject to this Option may be purchased by you beginning {DATE THREE
YEARS FROM GRANT DATE};

           (e) up to an additional twenty percent (20%) of the total number of
shares subject to this Option may be purchased by you beginning {DATE FOUR YEARS
FROM GRANT DATE}; and

           (f) the balance of the total number of shares subject to this Option
may be purchased by you beginning {DATE FIVE YEARS FROM GRANT DATE}.

           The unexercised portion of the Option granted herein will
automatically and without notice terminate and become null and void at the close
of business on {DATE SIX YEARS FROM GRANT DATE}, (the "Expiration Date"). If,
however, prior to the Expiration Date, your employment with the Company and any
parent or subsidiary corporation terminates, or a change in control of a
subsidiary corporation results in a termination of your employment as provided
in the Plan, unless otherwise provided by the Committee, this Option will
terminate on the applicable date as described below; provided, however, that
none of the events described below shall extend the period of exercisability of
this Option beyond the Expiration Date.

           (a) the date of termination, if your employment is terminated other
than by reason of death, disability or retirement or if you are dismissed for
cause (as defined by the Plan);

           (b) the expiration of one (1) year after your death if your death
occurs either during your employment or within the three-month or one-year
period after the termination of your employment specified in clauses (c) and (d)
below, except that your Option will be exercisable during such one-year period
only to the extent that it would have been exercisable on the date of your
death;

           (c) the expiration of three (3) months from the date of termination
of your employment by reasons of your retirement or dismissal other than for
cause (as defined in the Plan), except that your Option will be exercisable
during such three-month period only to the extent that it would have been
exercisable immediately prior to the termination of your employment;

           (d) the expiration of one (1) year after the termination of your
employment by reason of your disability (as defined by the Plan), except that
your Option will be exercisable during such one-year period only to the extent
that it would have been exercisable immediately prior to the termination of your
employment.

           In no event may you exercise this Option for a fraction of a share.

           In the event of any change in corporate capitalization (including,
but not limited to, a change in the number of Common Shares outstanding), such
as a stock split or corporate transaction such as a merger, consolidation,
reorganization, spin-off (or other distribution of stock or property of the
Company), the number and kind of shares subject to the Option and/or exercise
price per share shall be equitably adjusted by the Committee as it may deem
appropriate in its sole discretion. The determination of the Committee regarding
any adjustment will be final and conclusive.

           The Option shall be subject to the requirement that, if at any time
the Committee shall determine that (i) the listing, registration or
qualification of the Common Shares subject or related thereto upon any
securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or (ii) the consent or
approval of any government regulatory body, or (iii) an agreement by you with


                                       2
<PAGE>
respect to the disposition of Common Shares is necessary or desirable as a
condition of, or in connection with, the sale or purchase of shares pursuant
thereto, then in any such event, the issuance or delivery of shares issuable
pursuant to Option shall be delayed until such listing, registration,
qualification, consent, approval or agreement shall have been effected or
obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee.

           This Option is not transferable by you otherwise than by will or the
laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable, during your lifetime, only
by you. This Option may not be assigned, transferred (except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution), pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by
operation of the law or otherwise) and shall not be subject to execution,
attachment or similar proceeding. Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge,
hypothecation or other disposition of this Option contrary to the provisions
hereof, and the levy of any attachment or similar proceeding upon the Option,
shall be null and void and without effect.

           In the event of an "Extraordinary Event" (as defined in the Plan)
with respect to the Company (including a change in control of the Company), all
then outstanding Options that have not vested or become exercisable at the time
of the Extraordinary Event will immediately become exercisable. The Committee
may in its discretion determine that upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary
Event each outstanding Option shall terminate within a specified number of days
after notice to the holder. In such event, your rights will be as specified in
Article XVI of the Plan.

           Any exercise of this Option shall be in writing addressed to the
Corporate Secretary of the Company at the principal place of business of the
Company, and shall be accompanied by a certified or bank cashier's check to the
order of the Company in the full amount of the purchase price of the shares so
purchased; provided, however, that in lieu of cash you may, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, exercise this Option, in whole or in part, by
delivering to the Company shares of the Company (in proper form for transfer and
accompanied by all requisite stock transfer tax stamps or cash in lieu thereof)
owned by you having a fair market value equal to the cash exercise price
applicable to that portion of the Option being exercised by the delivery of such
shares.

           If the Company, in its sole discretion, shall determine that it is
necessary, to comply with applicable securities laws, the certificate or
certificates representing the shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of this
Option shall bear an appropriate legend in form and substance, as determined by
the Company, giving notice of applicable restrictions on transfer under or in
respect of such laws.

           You hereby covenant and agree with the Company that if, at the time
of exercise of this Option, there does not exist a Registration Statement on an
appropriate form under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), which
Registration Statement shall have become effective and shall include a
prospectus which is current with respect to the shares subject to this Option
(i) that you are purchasing shares for your own account and not with a view to
the resale or distribution thereof, (ii) that any subsequent offer for sale or
sale of any such shares shall be made either pursuant to (x) a Registration
Statement on an appropriate form under the Act, which Registration Statement
shall have become effective and shall be current with respect to the shares
being offered and sold, or (y) a specific exemption from the registration
requirements of the Act, but in claiming such exemption, you shall, prior to any
offer for sale or sale of such shares, obtain a favorable written opinion from
counsel for or approved by the Company as to the applicability of such
exemption.

           You hereby acknowledge that the Company may endorse a legend upon the
certificate evidencing the Common Shares as the Company, in its sole discretion,
determines to be necessary and appropriate to implement the terms of the Plan.


                                       3
<PAGE>
           As provided in the Plan, the Company may withhold from the sums due
or to become due to you from the Company an amount necessary to satisfy its
obligation to withhold taxes incurred by reason of the disposition of the shares
acquired by exercise of this Option in a disqualifying disposition (within the
meaning of Section 421(b) of the Code), or may require you to reimburse the
Company in such amount. The Company may hold the stock certificate to which you
are entitled upon the exercise of this Option as security for the payment of
withholding tax liability, until cash sufficient to pay such liability has been
accumulated, collected or received by the Company. The Committee may permit you
to (i) direct the Company satisfy the withholding tax obligation through the
withholding of Common Shares that would have otherwise been issuable to you, or
(ii) tender to the Company other Common Shares owned by you.

           The Company agrees to pay any and all original issue taxes and stock
transfer taxes that may be imposed on the issuance of shares acquired pursuant
to exercise of the Option, together with any and all fees and expenses
necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith.

           In the event of any conflict between this Letter Agreement and the
Plan, the Plan shall control. In the event of any ambiguity in this Letter
Agreement, or any matters as to which this Letter Agreement is silent, the Plan
shall govern including, without limitation, the provisions thereof pursuant to
which the Committee has the power, among others, to (i) interpret the Plan, (ii)
prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and
(iii) make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the
administration of the Plan.

           Please indicate your acceptance of all the terms and conditions of
this Option and the Plan by signing and returning a copy of this letter.


                                          Very truly yours,

                                          LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION


                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Ian M. Cumming
                                          Chairman



Accepted:


- --------------------------------
Signature of Employee


- --------------------------------
Name of Employee - Please Print


Date:
     ---------------------



                                       4
<PAGE>
                                     {DATE}



(GENDER) (FNAME) (LNAME)
(ADDRESS)
(ADDRESS2)
(CITY) (STATE)  (ZIP)



         Re: Grant of Non-Qualified Stock Option - Director Participant
             ----------------------------------------------------------


Dear (NAME2):


           On May 5, 1999, the shareholders of Leucadia National Corporation
(the "Company") authorized and approved the 1999 Stock Option Plan, which was
previously adopted by the Board of Directors. The 1999 Stock Option Plan, as
amended, (the "Plan") provides for the grant of certain rights and options to
directors of the Company and certain key employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries and parent corporations, including the automatic granting to you of
Options (as defined below) to purchase 1,000 Common Shares, par value $1.00 per
share, of the Company on the date of each Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the
Company. A copy of the Plan is annexed hereto and shall be deemed a part hereof
as if fully set forth herein. Unless the context otherwise requires, all terms
defined in the Plan shall have the same meaning when used herein.

           Subject to the provisions of this Letter Agreement and the provisions
of the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, as a matter of separate
inducement and not in lieu of any salary or other compensation for your
services, the right and option (the "Option") to purchase, an aggregate of 1,000
Common Shares, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company at a price of ${PRICE}
per share, such option price being, in the judgment of the Committee, not less
than one hundred percent (100%) of the fair market value of such share at the
date hereof. The option shall be a Non-Qualified Stock Option.

           Subject to the provisions and limitations of Articles VI, XII, and
XVI of the Plan, this Option may be exercised by you, on a cumulative basis,
during a period of four (4) years commencing one (1) year from the date hereof
and terminating at the close of business on {DATE FIVE YEARS FROM GRANT DATE} as
follows:

           (a) this Option may not be exercised by you during the first year
following the date hereof;

           (b) up to twenty-five percent (25%) of the total number of shares
subject to this Option may be purchased by you during the second year following
the date hereof;


<PAGE>
           (c) up to an additional twenty-five percent (25%) of the total number
of shares subject to this Option may be purchased by you during the third year
following the date hereof;

           (d) up to an additional twenty-five percent (25%) of the total number
of shares subject to this Option may be purchased by you during the fourth year
following the date hereof; and

           (e) the balance of the total number of shares subject to this Option
may be purchased by you during the fifth year following the date hereof.

           The unexercised portion of the Option granted herein will
automatically and without notice terminate and become null and void upon the
expiration of five (5) years from the date of the grant of this Option. If,
however, prior to the expiration of five (5) years from the date hereof, your
service with the Company as a Director terminates, unless otherwise provided by
the Committee, this Option will terminate on the applicable date as described in
Article XII of the Plan; provided, however, that none of the events described in
Article XII of the Plan shall extend the period of exercisability of this Option
beyond five (5) years from the date hereof.

           In no event may you exercise this Option for a fraction of a share.

           In the event of any change in corporate capitalization (including,
but not limited to, a change in the number of Common Shares outstanding), such
as a stock split or corporate transaction such as a merger, consolidation,
reorganization, spin-off (or other distribution of stock or property of the
Company), the number and kind of shares subject to the Option and/or exercise
price per share shall be equitably adjusted by the Committee as it may deem
appropriate in its sole discretion. The determination of the Committee regarding
any adjustments will be final and conclusive.

           The Option shall be subject to the requirement that, if at any time
the Committee shall determine that (i) the listing, registration or
qualification of the Common Shares subject or related thereto upon any
securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or (ii) the consent or
approval of any government regulatory body, or (iii) an agreement by you with
respect to the disposition of Common Shares is necessary or desirable as a
condition of, or in connection with, the sale or purchase of shares pursuant
thereto, then in any such event, the issuance or delivery of shares issuable
pursuant to Option shall be delayed until such listing, registration,
qualification, consent, approval or agreement shall have been effected or
obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee.

           This Option is not transferable by you otherwise than by will or the
laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable, during your lifetime, only
by you. This Option may not be assigned, transferred (except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution), pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by
operation of the law or otherwise) and shall not be subject to execution,
attachment or similar process. Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge,
hypothecation or other disposition of this Option contrary to the provision
hereof, and levy of any attachment or similar proceeding upon the Option, shall
be null and void and without effect.


                                       2
<PAGE>
           In the event of an "Extraordinary Event" (as defined in the Plan)
with respect to the Company (including a change in control of the Company), all
then outstanding Options that have not vested or become exercisable at the time
of the Extraordinary Event will immediately become exercisable. The Committee
may in its discretion determine that upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary
Event each outstanding Option shall terminate within a specified number of days
after notice to the holder. In such event, your rights will be as specified in
Article XVI of the Plan.

           Any exercise of this Option shall be in writing addressed to the
Corporate Secretary of the Company at the principal place of business of the
Company, and shall be accompanied by a certified or bank cashier's check to the
order of the Company in the full amount of the purchase price of the shares so
purchased; provided, however, that in lieu of cash you may, to the extent
permitted by law, exercise this Option, in whole or in part, by delivering to
the Company shares of the Company (in proper form for transfer and accompanied
by all requisite stock transfer tax stamps or cash in lieu thereof) owned by you
having a fair market value equal to the cash exercise price applicable to that
portion of the Option being exercised by the delivery of such shares.

           If the Company, in its sole discretion, shall determine that it is
necessary, to comply with applicable securities laws, the certificate or
certificates representing the shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of this
Option shall bear an appropriate legend in form and substance, as determined by
the Company, giving notice of applicable restrictions on transfer under or in
respect of such laws.

           You hereby covenant and agree with the Company that if, at the time
of exercise of this Option, there does not exist a Registration Statement on an
appropriate form under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), which
Registration Statement shall become effective and shall include a prospectus
which is current with respect to the shares subject to this Option (i) that you
are purchasing shares for your own account and not with a view to the resale or
distributions thereof, or (ii) that any subsequent offer for sale or sale of any
such shares shall be made either pursuant to (x) a Registration Statement on an
appropriate form under the Act, which Registration Statement shall have become
effective and shall be current with respect to the shares being offered and
sold, or (y) a specific exemption from the registration requirements of the Act,
but in claiming such exemption, you shall, prior to any offer for sale or sale
of such shares, obtain a favorable written opinion from counsel for or approved
by the Company as to the applicability of such exemption.

           You hereby acknowledge that the Company may endorse a legend upon the
certificate evidencing the Common Shares as the Company, in its sole discretion,
determines to be necessary and appropriate to implement the terms of the Plan.

           As provided in the Plan, the Company may withhold from the sums due
or to become due to you from the Company an amount necessary to satisfy its
obligation to withhold taxes imposed in connection with this Option, including
in connection with your exercise hereof, or may require you to reimburse the
Company in such amount. The Company may hold the stock certificate to which you
are entitled upon the exercise of this Option as security for the payment of
withholding tax liability, until cash sufficient to pay such liability has been
accumulated, collected or received by the Company. The Committee may permit you
to (i) direct the Company satisfy the withholding tax obligation through the
withholding of Common Shares that would have otherwise been issuable to you, or
(ii) tender to the Company other Common Shares owned by you.


                                       3
<PAGE>
           The Company agrees to pay any and all original issue taxes and stock
transfer taxes that may be imposed on the issuance of shares acquired pursuant
to exercise of the Option, together with any and all fees and expenses
necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith.

           In the event of any conflict between this Letter Agreement and the
Plan, the Plan shall control. In the event of any ambiguity in this Letter
Agreement, or any matters as to which this Letter Agreement is silent, the Plan
shall govern including, without limitation, the provisions thereof pursuant to
which the Committee has the power, among others, to (i) interpret the Plan, (ii)
prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and
(iii) make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the
administration of the Plan.

           Please indicate your acceptance of all the terms and conditions of
this Option and the Plan by signing and returning a copy of this letter.


                                         Very truly yours,

                                         LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION


                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         By: Chairman



Accepted:

- -------------------------------
Signature of Director


- -------------------------------
Name of Director - Please Print

Date:
     -----------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex10_7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.7
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.7



                                    AMENDMENT

                                       to

                 AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

                           Dated as of March 31, 2004

                                      among

                          LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION

                                       and

                              FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                            as Administrative Agent,

                              JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
                              As Syndication Agent,


                                       and


                              FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                              JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
                               HSBC BANK USA, AND
                        ISRAEL DISCOUNT BANK OF NEW YORK,
                                  As the Banks






<PAGE>
                                    AMENDMENT
                                       to
                 AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT


         THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment"), dated as of March 31,
2004, to become effective as of the Effective Date as defined in Section 4
hereof upon satisfaction of the conditions specified therein, is by and among
Leucadia National Corporation, a New York corporation (the "Company"), Fleet
National Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, HSBC Bank USA, and Israel Discount Bank of
New York (collectively, the "Banks"), Fleet National Bank as Administrative
Agent for itself and the other Banks, and JPMorgan Chase Bank as Syndication
Agent for itself and the other Banks.

         Whereas, the Company, the Banks, the Administrative Agent and the
Syndication Agent are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Revolving
Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2003 (the "the Credit Agreement"),
pursuant to which the Banks, upon the terms and conditions specified therein,
have agreed to make Loans to the Company; and

         Whereas, the Company has requested that the Banks, the Administrative
Agent and the Syndication Agent agree, and the Banks, the Administrative Agent
and the Syndication Agent have agreed, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, to amend certain of the provisions of the Credit
Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

         1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms which are used herein without
definition and which are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the same
meanings herein as in the Credit Agreement.

         2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement. The definition of the term
"Termination Date" in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to
read as follows:

                  "Termination Date":  March 11, 2007.

         3. Representations and Warranties. The Company hereby represents and
warrants to the Banks that:

         (a) The execution and delivery by the Company, and the performance by
the Company, of its obligations and agreements under this Amendment and the
Credit Agreement as amended hereby (i) are within the corporate authority of the
Company, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings, (ii)
do not and will not contravene any Requirement of Law applicable to or binding
upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor any Contractual Obligation of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) will not result in or require
the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of the Company's or its
Subsidiaries' respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of
Law or Contractual Obligation, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) any
contractual violations and/or Liens which in the aggregate would not be
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations,
property or financial or other condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole and would not be reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Credit
Agreement and the Notes.

<PAGE>
         (b) This Amendment and the Credit Agreement as amended hereby
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

         (c) The representations and warranties contained in Section 5 of the
Credit Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof with same effect as
if made on and as of the date hereof.

         (d) The consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2003, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, statements of changes in shareholders equity and statements of cash
flows for the fiscal year ended on such date, certified by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to
the Banks, are complete and correct and present fairly in accordance with GAAP
the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of their operations
and changes in cash flows for the fiscal year then ended. All such financial
statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently with the preceding year.
4. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be deemed to be effective as of the date
hereof (the "Effective Date"), subject to satisfaction of the following
conditions precedent:

         (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this
Amendment signed by the Company and the Banks.

         (b) The Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, for the
accounts of the Banks executing and delivering this Amendment, an amendment fee
in the amount of 0.10% of their respective Commitments.

         (c) The Company shall have paid the reasonable legal fees and
disbursements of Bingham McCutcheon LLP, as counsel to the Administrative Agent
and the Banks, in connection with this Amendment (for which an invoice shall
have been presented).

         (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of such
certificates and other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request, and such documents and all legal matters in connection with this
Amendment shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative
Agent and its counsel.

                                       2
<PAGE>
5.       Miscellaneous Provisions.

         (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Amendment, all of
the terms, conditions and provisions of the Credit Agreement shall remain the
same; and the Credit Agreement as amended hereby shall continue in full force
and effect.

         (b) This Amendment is intended to take effect as an instrument executed
under seal and shall be construed according to and governed by the laws
(excluding the laws applicable to conflicts or choice of law) of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

         (c) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute but one instrument. In making
proof of this Amendment, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for
more than one counterpart signed by the Company and the Banks.


                     [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]


                                       3
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have caused this Amendment
Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized
officers as of the day and year first above written.


                                        LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION

                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                        individually and as Administrative Agent

                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        JPMORGAN CHASE BANK ,
                                        individually and as Syndication Agent

                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        HSBC BANK USA

                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        ISRAEL DISCOUNT BANK OF NEW YORK

                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:

                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:



                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex10_8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.8
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.8


                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2

                                       to

                 AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

                            Dated as of June 29, 2004

                                      among

                          LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION

                                       and

                              FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                            as Administrative Agent,

                              JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
                              As Syndication Agent,


                                       and


                              FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                              JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
                               HSBC BANK USA, AND
                        ISRAEL DISCOUNT BANK OF NEW YORK,
                                  As the Banks



<PAGE>
                                    AMENDMENT
                                       to
                 AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT


         THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment"), dated as of June 29, 2004,
to become effective as of the Effective Date as defined in Section 4 hereof upon
satisfaction of the conditions specified therein, is by and among Leucadia
National Corporation, a New York corporation (the "Company"), Fleet National
Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, HSBC Bank USA, and Israel Discount Bank of New York
(collectively, the "Banks"), Fleet National Bank as Administrative Agent for
itself and the other Banks, and JPMorgan Chase Bank as Syndication Agent for
itself and the other Banks.

         Whereas, the Company, the Banks, the Administrative Agent and the
Syndication Agent are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Revolving
Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2003, as amended by an Amendment dated as
of March 31, 2004 (as so amended, the "the Credit Agreement"), pursuant to which
the Banks, upon the terms and conditions specified therein, have agreed to make
Loans to the Company; and

         Whereas, the Company has requested that the Banks, the Administrative
Agent and the Syndication Agent agree, and the Banks, the Administrative Agent
and the Syndication Agent have agreed, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, to amend certain of the provisions of the Credit
Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

         1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms which are used herein without
definition and which are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the same
meanings herein as in the Credit Agreement.

         2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement. Section 8.3 of the Credit
Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

                  8.3. Debt Leverage Ratio. The Company will not at any time
         permit the ratio of (a) Funded Debt to (b) the sum of Shareholders'
         Equity and Funded Debt to exceed 0.50 to 1.0.

         3. Representations and Warranties. The Company hereby represents and
warrants to the Banks that:

         (a) The execution and delivery by the Company, and the performance by
the Company, of its obligations and agreements under this Amendment and the
Credit Agreement as amended hereby (i) are within the corporate authority of the
Company, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings, (ii)
do not and will not contravene any Requirement of Law applicable to or binding
upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor any Contractual Obligation of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) will not result in or require
the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of the Company's or its
Subsidiaries' respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of
Law or Contractual Obligation, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) any
contractual violations and/or Liens which in the aggregate would not be
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations,
property or financial or other condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole and would not be reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Credit
Agreement and the Notes.


<PAGE>
         (b) This Amendment and the Credit Agreement as amended hereby
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

         (c) The representations and warranties contained in Section 5 of the
Credit Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof with same effect as
if made on and as of the date hereof.

         (d) The consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2003, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, statements of changes in shareholders equity and statements of cash
flows for the fiscal year ended on such date, certified by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and the Company's quarterly report to the
shareholders on Form 10Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2004, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, copies of which have heretofore been
furnished to the Banks, are complete and correct and present fairly in
accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries as at such dates, and the consolidated results of
their operations and changes in cash flows for the fiscal periods then ended.
All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes
thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently with
the preceding fiscal periods.

         4. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be deemed to be effective as of
the date hereof (the "Effective Date"), subject to satisfaction of the following
conditions precedent:

         (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this
Amendment signed by the Company and the Majority Banks.

         (b) The Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, for the
account of each of the Banks executing and delivering this Amendment, an
amendment fee in the amount of $5,000.

         (c) The Company shall have paid the reasonable legal fees and
disbursements of Bingham McCutcheon LLP, as counsel to the Administrative Agent
and the Banks, in connection with this Amendment (for which an invoice shall
have been presented).

         (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of such
certificates and other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request, and such documents and all legal matters in connection with this
Amendment shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative
Agent and its counsel.

                                       2
<PAGE>
5.       Miscellaneous Provisions.

         (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Amendment, all of
the terms, conditions and provisions of the Credit Agreement shall remain the
same; and the Credit Agreement as amended hereby shall continue in full force
and effect.

         (b) This Amendment is intended to take effect as an instrument executed
under seal and shall be construed according to and governed by the laws
(excluding the laws applicable to conflicts or choice of law) of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

         (c) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute but one instrument. In making
proof of this Amendment, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for
more than one counterpart signed by the Company and the Banks.


                     [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]



                                       3
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have caused this Amendment
Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized
officers as of the day and year first above written.


                                        LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION


                                        By:
                                            --------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                        individually and as Administrative Agent

                                        By:
                                            --------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        JPMORGAN CHASE BANK ,
                                        individually and as Syndication Agent

                                        By:
                                             --------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        HSBC BANK USA

                                        By:
                                            --------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        ISRAEL DISCOUNT BANK OF NEW YORK

                                        By:
                                            --------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:

                                        By:
                                            --------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:



                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex10_55.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.55
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.55


                          LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
                              315 Park Avenue South
                             New York, NY 10010-3607


                                February 3, 2005

Jefferies & Company, Inc.
520 Madison Avenue
12th Floor
New York, NY  10022

Re:      Registration Rights with respect to 2,250,000
         Common Shares of Leucadia National Corporation
         ----------------------------------------------


Ladies and Gentlemen:

        Based on the terms outlined in this letter, Leucadia National
Corporation agrees that it will keep the registration statement with respect to
the 2,250,000 common shares of Leucadia purchased by Jefferies & Company, Inc.
on January 7, 2005 from Ian M. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg and certain
family trusts of Mr. Steinberg effective for the shorter of six months or the
completion of the disposition of such shares by Jefferies.

        Notwithstanding the registration rights provisions contained in Exhibit
1 to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization between Leucadia and TLC
Associates, a New York general partnership, dated February 23, 1989, if Leucadia
notifies Jefferies not to sell any of the common shares pursuant to the
registration statement (a "suspension notice"), Jefferies agrees that it will
not sell any of such common shares pursuant to the registration statement until
such time as Leucadia notifies Jefferies that the suspension notice is no longer
effective.

        Please indicate your agreement and acknowledgment by signing below and
returning a copy to me.

                                            Very truly yours,

                                            /s/ Joseph A. Orlando
                                            ---------------------
                                            Joseph A. Orlando
                                            Vice President and Chief Financial
                                            Officer

Acknowledged and Agreed:

/s/ Roland T. Kelly
- -------------------
Roland T. Kelly
Vice President and
Assistant General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex_21.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                      Exhibit 21


LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     State/Country of
Name                                                                   Incorporation
- ----                                                                   -------------
<S>                                                                        <C>

Baldwin Enterprises, Inc.                                                Colorado
NSAC, Inc.                                                               Colorado
RRP, Inc.                                                                Colorado
AIC Financial Corporation                                                Delaware
American Investment Company                                              Delaware
Baldwin-CIS L.L.C.                                                       Delaware
BELLPET, Inc.                                                            Delaware
Burnham Developer, LLC                                                   Delaware
Cannon & Associates, LLC                                                 Delaware
CG Austria, Inc.                                                         Delaware
Critical Connections, Inc.                                               Delaware
Conwed Corporation                                                       Delaware
FTV Communications, LLC                                                  Delaware
Hawaii Ventures, LLC                                                     Delaware
HWB 2507 Kalakaua, LLC                                                   Delaware
L-Credit, LLC                                                            Delaware
Lake Charles Corp.                                                       Delaware
Lake Charles Cogeneration LLC                                            Delaware
Leucadia Aviation, Inc.                                                  Delaware
Leucadia Cellars, Ltd.                                                   Delaware
Leucadia-Eagle Corporation                                               Delaware
Leucadia Property Holdings, Ltd.                                         Delaware
Leucadia Symphony, Ltd.                                                  Delaware
LNC Investments, LLC                                                     Delaware
LR Credit, LLC                                                           Delaware
LR Credit 1, LLC                                                         Delaware
LR Credit 2, LLC                                                         Delaware
LR Credit 3, LLC                                                         Delaware
LR Credit 4, LLC                                                         Delaware
LR Credit 5, LLC                                                         Delaware
LR Credit 6, LLC                                                         Delaware
LR Credit 7, LLC                                                         Delaware
LUK-A3D, LLC                                                             Delaware
LUK-Acquisition III, LLC                                                 Delaware
LUK-Asia LLC                                                             Delaware
LUK Broadcasting, LLC                                                    Delaware
LUK-HY Fund, LLC                                                         Delaware
LUK-Israel LLC                                                           Delaware
LUK-MB Corp.                                                             Delaware
LUK-MB1, LLC                                                             Delaware
LUK-Myrtle Beach, LLC                                                    Delaware
LUK-Shop, LLC                                                            Delaware
LUK-Symphony, LLC                                                        Delaware
LUK-Symphony Management, LLC                                             Delaware
LUK-TTP, LLC                                                             Delaware
LUK-Visible, LLC                                                         Delaware
Lympus, LLC                                                              Delaware
MK Resources Company                                                     Delaware
Nead Corporation                                                         Delaware
Neward Corporation                                                       Delaware
Rastin Investing Corp.                                                   Delaware
Rehab Works, LLC                                                         Delaware
Square 711 Developer, LLC                                                Delaware
Stillwater Holdings, LLC                                                 Delaware
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     State/Country of
Name                                                                   Incorporation
- ----                                                                   -------------
<S>                                                                        <C>

Symphony Health Services, Inc.                                           Delaware
Symphony Health Services, LLC                                            Delaware
Symphony Respiratory Services, Inc.                                      Delaware
Symphony Respiratory Services, LLC                                       Delaware
Symphony Staffing Services, LLC                                          Delaware
Terra Thermal Power, LLC                                                 Delaware
VTA Management Services, LLC                                             Delaware
Vyvx, LLC                                                                Delaware
WCS Communications Systems, Inc.                                         Delaware
WilTel Aircraft Leasing, LLC                                             Delaware
WilTel Communications Managed Services of California, Inc.               Delaware
WilTel Communications Procurement, L.L.C.                                Delaware
WilTel Communications Procurement, LP                                    Delaware
WilTel Communications, LLC                                               Delaware
WilTel Local Network, LLC                                                Delaware
WilTel Technology Center, LLC                                            Delaware
Draper Lake, LLC                                                         Florida
LUK-Draper, Inc.                                                         Florida
Rosemary Beach Cottage Rental Company                                    Florida
Rosemary Beach Land Company                                              Florida
Rosemary Beach Realty, Inc.                                              Florida
College Life Development Corporation                                     Indiana
Professional Data Management, Inc.                                       Indiana
TTP Corporation                                                          Nevada
WilTel Communications Group, Inc.                                        Nevada
Empire Insurance Company                                                 New York
Leucadia, Inc.                                                           New York
Leucadia Investors, Inc.                                                 New York
LUK-REN, Inc.                                                            New York
HWB Ventures, Inc.                                                       New York
PLRC, Inc.                                                               New York
Phlcorp, Inc.                                                            Pennsylvania
Pine Ridge Winery, LLC                                                   Texas
American Investment Bank, N.A.                                           United States
Aviation Leasing Company, LLC                                            Utah
Baxter Investment Company, LLC                                           Utah
Leucadia Financial Corporation                                           Utah
Leucadia International Corporation                                       Utah
Leucadia Properties, Inc.                                                Utah
Silver Mountain Industries, Inc.                                         Utah
Telluride Properties Acquisition, Inc.                                   Utah
Terracor II                                                              Utah
WilTel Communications of Virginia, Inc.                                  Virginia
WMAC Investment Corporation                                              Wisconsin
Canadian International Power Company Limited                             Wyoming
WilTel Communications Australia Pty. Limited                             Australia
WilTel Communications Pty. Limited                                       Australia
Williams Communications Participations Holdings GmbH                     Austria
Williams Communications Participations GmbH                              Austria
LUK-Japan Ltd.                                                           British Virgin Islands
WilTel Communications (Cayman) Holdings Ltd.                             Cayman Islands
WilTel Communications (Cayman) Limited                                   Cayman Islands
WilTel International Telecom (Chile) Limited                             Cayman Islands
Williams Comunicaciones Chile Limitada                                   Chile
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     State/Country of
Name                                                                   Incorporation
- ----                                                                   -------------
<S>                                                                        <C>

WilTel Communications (Hong Kong) Limited                                Hong Kong
WillTel Communications K.K.                                              Japan
LUK Jersey (Holding) Limited                                             Jersey
LUK (Jersey) Limited                                                     Jersey
MK Gold de Mexico, S.R.L. de.  C.V.                                      Mexico
MK Gold Exploration B.V.                                                 Netherlands
WilTel Communications Network, Inc.                                      New Brunswick, Canada
Cobre Las Cruces, S.A.                                                   Spain
Iberia Exploraciones, S.A.                                               Spain
Next Venue Europe, Ltd.                                                  United Kingdom
Vyvx International Ltd.                                                  United Kingdom
Williams Communications Group, Ltd.                                      United Kingdom
WilTel Communications UK Limited                                         United Kingdom
</TABLE>


Subsidiaries not included on this list, considered in the aggregate as a single
subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31,
2004.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex23_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>23.1
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.1

            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
            --------------------------------------------------------


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (File No. 33-6054),
Form S-8 and S-3 (File No. 33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3 (File No. 33-30277), Form
S-8 (File No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (File No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (File No.
333-51494), Form S-3 (File No. 333-118102) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-122047) of
Leucadia National Corporation of our report dated March 11, 2005 relating to the
financial statements, financial statement schedules, management's assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in
this Form 10-K.





PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

New York, New York
March 11, 2005

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex23_2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>23.2
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.2

[PricewaterhouseCoopers logo]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                   Chartered Accountants
                                                   Dorchester House
                                                   7 Church Street
                                                   Hamilton
                                                   Bermuda HM 11
                                                   Telephone +1 (441) 295 2000
                                                   Facsimile +1 (441) 295 1242




March 11, 2005




Consent of Independent Accountants
- ----------------------------------


We consent to the inclusion of our report, dated January 26, 2005, with respect
to the consolidated financial statements of Olympus Re Holdings Ltd. as of
December 31, 2004 and 2003 and for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and
2002, included as Item 15(d)(2) in this Form 10-K and with respect to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No.
2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form
S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No. 33-61718),
Form S-8 (No. 333-51494),Form S-3 (No. 333-118102)and Form S-3 (No. 333-122047).






Chartered Accountants






MAILING ADDRESS: PO BOX HM 1171, Hamilton, Bermuda HM EX

A list of partners can be obtained from the above address
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex23_5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>23.5
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.5




                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS





We hereby consent to the inclusion of our reports, dated January 21, 2005, with
respect to the financial statements of EagleRock Capital Partners (QP) LP for
the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, and EagleRock Master Fund LP
for the years ended December 2004, 2003 and the period ended December 31, 2002,
included as item 15(d)(4) in this Form 10-K and with respect to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No.
2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-26434), Form
S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8 (No. 33-61718),
Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (No. 333-118102) and Form S-3 (No.
333-122047).






BDO Seidman, LLP

New York, New York

March 11, 2005
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex23_6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>23.6
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 23.6

            Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on
Form S-8 (No. 2-84303), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-6054), Form S-8 and S-3 (No.
33-26434), Form S-8 and S-3 (No. 33-30277), Form S-8 (No. 33-61682), Form S-8
(No. 33-61718), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-3 (No. 333-118102) and Form S-3
(No. 333-122047) of Leucadia National Corporation of our report dated February
20, 2004, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of WilTel
Communications Group, Inc. included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Leucadia
National Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2004.




                                                  /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Tulsa, Oklahoma
March 11, 2005


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex31_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>31.1
<TEXT>
                                                                Exhibit 31.1

                                 CERTIFICATIONS


I, Ian M. Cumming, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leucadia National
         Corporation;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:

         (a)      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                  such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                  our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
                  to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
                  made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                  during the period in which this report is being prepared;

         (b)      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                  caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

         (c)      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and

         (d)      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter of 2004 that has
                  materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

         (a)      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                  design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and

         (b)      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                  or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



Date:  March 14, 2005
                                      By: /s/ Ian M. Cumming
                                          ---------------------------
                                          Ian M. Cumming
                                          Chairman of the Board and
                                          Chief Executive Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex31_2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>31.2
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                                 CERTIFICATIONS



I, Joseph S. Steinberg, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leucadia National
         Corporation;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:

         (a)      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                  such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                  our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
                  to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
                  made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                  during the period in which this report is being prepared;

         (b)      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                  caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

         (c)      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and

         (d)      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter of 2004 that has
                  materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

         (a)      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                  design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and

         (b)      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                  or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  registrant's internal control over financial reporting.


Date:  March 14, 2005

                                         By: /s/ Joseph S. Steinberg
                                             -------------------------
                                             Joseph S. Steinberg
                                             President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex31_3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>31.3
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 31.3


                                 CERTIFICATIONS


I, Joseph A. Orlando, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leucadia National
         Corporation;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:

         (a)      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                  such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                  our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
                  to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
                  made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                  during the period in which this report is being prepared;

         (b)      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                  caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

         (c)      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and

         (d)      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter of 2004 that has
                  materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

         (a)      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                  design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and

         (b)      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                  or other employees who have a significant role in the
                  registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



Date:  March 14, 2005

                                     By: /s/ Joseph A. Orlando
                                        --------------------------
                                        Joseph A. Orlando
                                        Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex32_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>32.1
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 32.1


                                  CERTIFICATION
                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
           AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



         I, Ian M. Cumming, as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
of Leucadia National Corporation (the "Company") certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to my knowledge:

         (1) the accompanying Form 10-K report for the period ending December
31, 2004 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

         (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.



Dated:  March 14, 2005

                                     By: /s/ Ian M. Cumming
                                         --------------------------
                                         Ian M. Cumming
                                         Chairman of the Board and
                                         Chief Executive Officer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex32_2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>32.2
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 32.2


                                  CERTIFICATION
                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
           AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



         I, Joseph S. Steinberg, as President of Leucadia National Corporation
(the "Company") certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:

         (1) the accompanying Form 10-K report for the period ending December
31, 2004 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

         (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.



Dated:  March 14, 2005

                                     By: /s/ Joseph S. Steinberg
                                         ---------------------------
                                         Joseph S. Steinberg
                                         President




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>jd3-11ex32_3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>32.3
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 32.3


                                  CERTIFICATION
                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
           AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



         I, Joseph A. Orlando, as Chief Financial Officer of Leucadia National
Corporation (the "Company") certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:

         (1) the accompanying Form 10-K report for the period ending December
31, 2004 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

         (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.



Dated:  March 14, 2005

                                           By: /s/ Joseph A. Orlando
                                               ------------------------
                                               Joseph A. Orlando
                                               Chief Financial Officer





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
