-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GYjVY6C6STEzcfe9mwnPq3CbO5vK+1wOfljaV7aF4c8vCsM9OHt4Z05A4OANB2fI
 EkNwdPAE1yoyPRMV/nIY1g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001019056-01-500047.txt : 20010410
<SEC-HEADER>0001019056-01-500047.hdr.sgml : 20010410
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019056-01-500047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SAGEMARK COMPANIES LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000089041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-SPECIALTY OUTPATIENT FACILITIES, NEC [8093]
		IRS NUMBER:				131948169
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04186
		FILM NUMBER:		1595830

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 AVE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		35TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126648949

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 AVE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		35TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSOLIDATED TECHNOLOGY GROUP LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950525

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEQUENTIAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEQUENTIAL ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680822
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>file001.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

                     U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                   Form 10-KSB
(Mark One)
[X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
    1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
    OF 1934
For the transition period from        to        .
                               ------    -------

                          Commission file Number 0-4186

                           THE SAGEMARK COMPANIES LTD.
           (Name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)

               New York                               13-1948169
    (State or other jurisdiction of      (IRS Employer Identification Number)
    incorporation or organization)

      1285 Avenue of the Americas,
        35th Floor, New York, NY                               10019
 (Address of principal executive offices)                    (Zip Code)

Issuer's telephone number, including area code:  (212) 554-4219

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
                     Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share
                                (Title of Class)

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [ ]

Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of
Regulation S-B is not contained in this form, and no disclosure will be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-KSB
or any amendment to this Form 10-KSB. [ ]

The issuer's revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 were $877,000.

The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant as of March 16, 2001 was approximately $1.5 million computed on the
basis of the reported closing price per share on said date ($1.125) of such
stock on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.'s Over the Counter
Bulletin Board. Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by
each person who owns 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other
purposes.

As of March 16, 2001, the Registrant has 1,584,247 shares of its par value $0.01
Common Stock outstanding.

Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format (check one):  Yes [X]  No [ ]
<PAGE>

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

ALL STATEMENTS, OTHER THAN STATEMENTS OF HISTORICAL FACT, INCLUDED IN THIS
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-KSB, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE STATEMENTS UNDER
"RISK FACTORS" AND "MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" ARE, OR MAY BE, FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE
MEANING OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
"SECURITIES ACT") AND SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED (THE "EXCHANGE ACT").

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, (I) THE WORDS "BELIEVES," "ANTICIPATES,"
"PLANS," "EXPECTS," "INTENDS," "ESTIMATES" AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE INTENDED
TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND (II) FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
INCLUDE ANY STATEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE POSSIBLE FUTURE RESULTS OF THE
REGISTRANT, INCLUDING ANY PROJECTIONS OR DESCRIPTIONS OF ANTICIPATED REVENUE
ENHANCEMENTS OR COST SAVINGS. SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND
UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND OTHER FACTORS, WHICH MAY CAUSE THE ACTUAL
RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY, OR INDUSTRY RESULTS, TO BE
MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS, PERFORMANCE, OR ACHIEVEMENTS
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.

SUCH FACTORS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, THE FOLLOWING: POTENTIAL SUBJECTION TO THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, THE COMPANY'S HISTORY OF LOSSES AND CASH FLOW DEFICITS,
THE LIMITED MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK, RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRADING IN OUR
SECURITIES DUE TO APPLICABLE PENNY STOCK REGULATIONS, THE NEED FOR SIGNIFICANT
FINANCING IN ORDER TO FACILITATE THE ACQUISITION OR ESTABLISHMENT OF ANY
POTENTIAL OPERATING BUSINESS SEGMENTS, THE DEPENDENCE OF ANY FUTURE BUSINESS
OPERATIONS ON THE SERVICES OF OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OUR ABILITY TO
INTEGRATE NEW OFFICERS AND KEY PERSONNEL, THE LACK OF DIVIDEND PAYMENTS ON OUR
COMMON STOCK, LIMITED LIABILITY OF OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS, THE RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND OTHER FACTORS BOTH
REFERENCED AND NOT REFERENCED IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-KSB, INCLUDING
THOSE SET FORTH UNDER "RISK FACTORS." ALL SUBSEQUENT WRITTEN AND ORAL
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY OR PERSONS ACTING ON ITS
BEHALF ARE EXPRESSLY QUALIFIED IN THEIR ENTIRETY BY THE CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS
CONTAINED THROUGHOUT THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-KSB.


Page 2
<PAGE>

PART I

Item 1. Description of Business.

Nature of Operations

Organization of the Company

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. ("Sagemark", the "Company" or the "Registrant"),
(formerly Consolidated Technology Group Ltd., formerly Sequential Information
Systems, Inc.) is a New York corporation organized in 1961. The Company is a
publicly owned holding company which had controlling interests, (either directly
or indirectly through its wholly owned subsidiary, SIS Capital Corp. ("SISC")),
in consolidated subsidiaries operating in various business segments throughout
the United States. During the time period from 1997 through 1999, the Company
discontinued all of the operating activities of all such subsidiaries.

Letter of Intent to Acquire Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc. and
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Premier Cyclotron International Corp.
- -------------------------------------

On March 28, 2001 the Company entered into a Letter of Intent which sets forth
the principal terms and conditions of a proposed acquisition of Premier P.E.T.
Imaging International, Inc. ("Premier") and Premier Cyclotron International
Corp. ("PCI") by the Company. Premier is owned by Dr. Stephen A. Schulman, Dr.
Robert McFarland, Tara Capital, Inc. ("Tara Capital") and Robert L. Blessey (the
"Selling Stockholders"). Theodore B. Shapiro, the Company's Chief Executive
Officer, President and Director, owns 10% of Tara Capital and the remaining 90%
is owned by his relatives. Premier was formed to engage in the ownership and
operation of outpatient diagnostic imaging centers (the "PET Centers")
throughout the United States utilizing positron emission tomography scanning
equipment ("PET Scanning Equipment"). PCI, also owned by the Selling
Stockholders, was formed to own and operate equipment which manufactures
flouro-deoxy-glucose and other radioisotopes utilized in the diagnostic imaging
procedures performed by the PET Scanning Equipment.

The Letter of Intent does not contain all of the terms and conditions to be
negotiated and agreed upon between the parties but is, to the extent provided in
the Letter of Intent, binding upon the parties who have agreed to enter into a
Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will purchase from the
Selling Stockholders all of the shares of the capital stock of Premier and PCI
owned by each of them in exchange for shares of the Company's Common Stock.

The Letter of Intent provides that the Company will issue 6,000 shares of its
Common Stock upon and subject to the consummation of the proposed acquisition.
Additionally, if, and to the extent each of the first six PET Centers achieves
positive earnings, calculated before the deduction of interest expense, income
taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), at any time during the first
eighteen months of their operations, the Company will issue to the Selling
Stockholders an aggregate of 250,000 shares of its Common Stock for each of such
Centers. The shares of Common Stock issued by the Company will have certain
registration rights and in the event that either the Centers discontinue their
operations or are adjudicated bankrupt within two years after the consummation
of the proposed acquisition, the Company will have the right to repurchase from
the Selling Stockholders all shares of the Company's Common Stock shares owned
by them for a purchase price of One Dollar ($1.00).


Page 3
<PAGE>

In addition upon the consummation of the proposed acquisition, the Company will
provide working capital to Premier in the amount of $1,000,000, the proceeds of
which will be used to establish and operate the PET Centers. To the extent
required, the Company will guarantee Premier's obligations under any leasing or
purchase agreement between Premier and the manufacturer or supplier of the PET
Scanning Equipment or between Premier and any entity which provides financing
for same.

Consummation of the proposed acquisition is subject to certain conditions among
which are due diligence by the Company, financing commitment and fairness
opinion. There is no assurance that the acquisition will be consummated or if
so, on what terms.

Operations of the Company During the Year 2000
- ----------------------------------------------

During 2000 Sagemark operated as a financial services company and through
Sagemark Capital LP ("Sagemark Capital"), a partnership in which Sagemark holds
a 61.5% limited partnership interest, made investments and loans to companies
engaged in e-commerce, telecommunications, and human resources outsourcing.
Sagemark Capital operates as a Small Business Investment Company ("SBIC")
pursuant to a license awarded to it by the Small Business Administration ("SBA")
on May 23, 2000.

In addition to its investments made through Sagemark Capital, in 1999 and 2000
Sagemark made non-controlling, direct investments and loans to two privately
held e-commerce companies, Gavelnet.com, Inc. ("Gavelnet") and JewlersEdge.com,
Inc. ("JewlersEdge").

On November 20, 2000, the Company entered into a Transition Agreement that
effectuated a change of management. Simultaneously with the execution of such
agreement, Sagemark entered into a Purchase Agreement whereby it sold all of its
equity interest in Gavelnet and JewelersEdge to a company owned by members of
the former management team.

Change of Management
- --------------------

On November 20, 2000, the Company, Frank DeLape and Richard Young entered into a
transition agreement (the "Transition Agreement") with Edward D. Bright, acting
on his own behalf and on behalf of certain shareholders of the Company. The
Transition Agreement was consummated in order to effectuate an agreed upon
change of management and provide for, among other things, the termination of the
existing employment and stock option agreements between the Company and Frank
DeLape and Richard Young and the resignation of Frank DeLape, Richard Young and
Steve Jones as officers and directors of the Company and all of its
subsidiaries.

Edward D. Bright and Theodore B. Shapiro were appointed to the Company's Board
of Directors pursuant to the terms of the Transition Agreement to fill the
vacancies created by the resignations of Frank DeLape, Richard Young and Steve
Jones. On March 7, 2001, the Board of Directors appointed Theodore B. Shapiro as
President and Chief Executive Officer and Edward D. Bright as Chairman of the
Board. On March 4, 2001, the Company entered into a letter agreement to employ
George W. Mahoney as its Chief Financial Officer.

As a result of the above, on December 31, 2000, the Company had two employees
and as of March 16, 2001, three employees.


Page 4

<PAGE>

RISK FACTORS

PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING RISK FACTORS,
TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM
10-KSB, IN EVALUATING THE COMPANY AND ITS BUSINESS BEFORE PURCHASING ITS
SECURITIES. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THIS ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-KSB CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF
SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SECTION 21E OF THE EXCHANGE ACT AND THAT
ACTUAL RESULTS COULD DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CONTEMPLATED BY SUCH
STATEMENTS. SEE "DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS." THE FACTORS
LISTED HEREIN REPRESENT CERTAIN IMPORTANT FACTORS THE COMPANY BELIEVES COULD
CAUSE SUCH RESULTS TO DIFFER. THESE FACTORS ARE NOT INTENDED TO REPRESENT A
COMPLETE LIST OF THE GENERAL OR SPECIFIC RISKS THAT MAY AFFECT THE COMPANY. IT
SHOULD BE RECOGNIZED THAT OTHER RISKS MAY BE SIGNIFICANT, PRESENTLY OR IN THE
FUTURE, AND THE RISKS SET FORTH BELOW MAY AFFECT THE COMPANY TO A GREATER EXTENT
THAN INDICATED. BUSINESS AND OTHER RISKS DESCRIBED HEREIN ARE APPLICABLE TO BOTH
SAGEMARK AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES.

The Company May Be Subject to the Investment Company Act
- --------------------------------------------------------

Until such time, if ever, that the proposed acquisition of Premier and PCI is
consummated, or until such time as the Company acquires or organizes another
operating entity, it will have no operating entity. In the absence of an
applicable exemption or administrative relief, the Company might be required to
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the "1940 Act"), because more than 40% of the value of its assets
exclusive of government securities, cash and temporary investments would be
deemed invested in securities of companies which are not majority owned
subsidiaries of the Company. The Company would then be subject to the
restrictions and limitations imposed by the 1940 Act on the activities of
registered investment companies, which could have a material adverse affect on
the Company.

The Company Has a History of Losses and Cash Flow Deficits
- ----------------------------------------------------------

For the two years ended December 31, 2000, revenues have been nominal, losses
from continuing operations were $2.437 million and cash used in continuing
operations were $4.164 million. The Company expects to incur additional losses
during the time period in which it is reviewing potential opportunities to
establish or acquire a controlling interest in an operating business segment and
it cannot be assured of when, if ever, it will establish or acquire such an
operating business. The Company also cannot be assured that in the event an
operating business segment is established or acquired, that such operating
business, if established or acquired will reverse the current trends of negative
cash flow and operating losses.

The Company Lacks Control Over the Operations and Decisions of Sagemark Capital
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company owns a 61.5% limited partnership interest in Sagemark Capital whose
operations are controlled by its general partner, Sagemark Management, LLC
("Sagemark Management"). During 2000, the Company's share of Sagemark Capital's
loss was $620,000 which included $506,000 of investment losses from Sagemark
Capital's investment write-downs in several of its portfolio companies. As of
December 31, 2000, Sagemark Capital had $7.5 million of investments in private
companies that are carried at estimated fair market value. Private company
equities are not traded on a stock exchange and as a result do not have readily
determinable values. As a result, the determination of the fair market value of
investments in private companies requires significant estimates and broad
assumptions. As a 61.5% limited partner, to the extent that Sagemark Capital
incurs future losses, the Company's share of such losses may be significant and
therefore have a significant adverse impact on the Company.

There is a Limited Market for the Company's Common Stock
- --------------------------------------------------------

Currently, the Company's Common Stock trades on the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System Over-the- Counter Bulletin Board
(the "NASDAQ Bulletin Board"). By its nature, the NASDAQ Bulletin Board is a
limited market and investors may find it more difficult to dispose of our
securities which are owned by them.


Page 5

<PAGE>

Trading in the Company's Securities May Be Restricted Due to Compliance with
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Applicable Penny Stock Regulations
- ----------------------------------

Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in "penny stocks" are
regulated by certain penny stock rules and regulations adopted by the SEC. Penny
stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other
than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on
NASDAQ provided that current price and volume information with respect to
transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). The
penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk
disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks
in the penny stock market. These rules also impose additional sales practice
requirements on broker-dealers which sell such securities to persons other than
established customers or institutional accredited investors. For transactions
covered by this rule, broker-dealers must also make a special suitability
determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written consent to
the transaction prior to a sale. Consequently, the application of this rule to
the trading of the Company's Common Stock may affect the ability or willingness
of broker-dealers to sell the Company's securities and adversely affect market
liquidity for such securities.

The Company May Require Significant Financing to Facilitate the Acquisition or
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Establishment of Any Potential Operating Business Segments
- ----------------------------------------------------------

The Company is currently reviewing potential opportunities to establish or
acquire a controlling interest in an operating business segment. The Company has
limited operating capital and the inability of the Company to obtain a
significant financing may adversely affect its plans to establish or acquire an
operating business segment.

Any Future Business Operations Will Depend on the Services of the Company's
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Executive Officers and Key Personnel and the Company's Ability to Integrate New
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Officers and Key Personnel
- --------------------------

The Company's future success will depend, to a significant extent, on the
continued services of its executive officers and key personnel. The loss of the
services of Edward D. Bright, Chairman of the Board, Theodore B. Shapiro, Chief
Executive Officer, President and Director, or George W. Mahoney, Chief Financial
Officer, could have a material adverse effect on the potential acquisition or
establishment of an operating business segment. Both Theodore B. Shapiro and
Edward D. Bright have been appointed as officers of the Company on a
month-to-month basis and the Company's agreement with George W. Mahoney may be
terminated by him as early as September of 2001 in the event that the Company
does not acquire or otherwise establish an operating business. The loss of
services of any of these individuals or the inability to attract or retain other
key employees or to otherwise create and maintain an effective team of senior
managers for any potential operating business will have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business.


Page 6

<PAGE>

The Proposed Acquisition of Premier and PCI May Result in Significant Dilution
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the Company's Existing Common Stockholders Ownership Interests
- -----------------------------------------------------------------

As more fully described in Part I, Item. 1. "Business Description", on March 26,
2001, the Company entered into a Letter of Intent to Acquire Premier and PCI. If
the acquisition as proposed in the Letter of Intent is consummated and certain
criteria as defined in the Letter of Intent are achieved, there will be
significant dilution of the Company's existing Common Stockholders ownership
interest.

The Company Does Not Intend to Pay Any Dividends on the Company's Common Stock
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
in the Foreseeable Future
- -------------------------

The Company currently intends to retain all future earnings, if any, to finance
the Company's current and proposed business activities and does not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future. As
described elsewhere in this Form 10-KSB, the holders of the Company's Preferred
Stock have rights senior to the holders of the Company's Common Stock with
respect to any dividends. The Company may also incur indebtedness in the future
that may prohibit or effectively restrict the payment of cash dividends on its
Common Stock.

The Liability of the Company's Officers and Directors to the Company and Its
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholders is Limited
- -----------------------

The applicable provisions of the New York Business Corporation Law (the "BCL")
and our Certificate of Incorporation limit the liability of the Company's
officers and directors to the Company and its shareholders for monetary damages
for breaches of their fiduciary duties, with certain exceptions, and for other
specified acts or omissions of such persons. In addition, the applicable
provisions of the BCL and of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation and
By-Laws provide for indemnification of such persons under certain circumstances.
As a result of these provisions, shareholders may be unable to recover damages
against the Company's officers and directors for actions taken by them which
constitute negligence, gross negligence or a violation of their fiduciary duties
and may otherwise discourage or deter the Company's shareholders from suing its
officers or directors even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise
benefit the Company and its shareholders.

Item 2.  Properties

Since November 20, 2000, the Company's executive offices have been located in
New York, NY, which it leases on a month-to-month basis for $500 per month. From
April 20, 1999 until November 20, 2000, the Company's executive offices were in
Houston, TX, which the Company leased from Benchmark Equity Group ("Benchmark"),
a private company owned by Frank DeLape, for $1,200 per month. Rental expense
for 2000 and 1999 was $17,000 and $52,000, respectively.


Page 7

<PAGE>

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

Although the Company is a party to certain legal proceedings that have occurred
in the ordinary course of business, the Company does not believe such
proceedings to be of a material nature with the exception of the following. Due
to uncertainties in the legal process, it is at least reasonably possible that
management's opinion of the outcome of the following contingent liabilities will
change in the near term and there exists the possibility that there could be a
material adverse impact on the operations of the Company and its subsidiary as a
result of such legal proceedings.

On or about December 14, 1999, an action styled Expert Radiology Network v.
Comprehensive Medical Imaging, Inc.; International Magnetic Imaging, Inc.,
George Mahoney; and Joe Does 1 through 100 was filed in the Circuit Court of the
Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm Beach County Florida, and assigned
Case No. CL99-11947AD. The action seeks damages against International Magnetic
Imaging, Inc. ("IMI"), an inactive and discontinued subsidiary of the Company,
in excess of $15,000 for alleged breaches of a contract and for allegedly
fraudulently inducing Expert Radiology Network ("ERN") to enter into said
contract, under which ERN was to read and interpret diagnostic imaging scans
performed at certain magnetic resonance imaging centers previously owned by IMI.
The action also seeks an accounting of amounts due and owing to ERN under the
contract. The contract was assigned to Comprehensive Medical Imaging, Inc.
("CMI"), in March 1998 in connection with the sale of IMI's assets to CMI. The
third named Defendant, George Mahoney, is a former Chief Financial Officer of
IMI and the current Chief Financial of the Company. IMI has answered the
complaint, denying any liability and raising various affirmative defenses. It is
contesting the case vigorously. At this stage of the proceedings, it is not
possible to evaluate the outcome of the action, nor to reasonably estimate the
amount of any judgment, if any, that might be entered against IMI.

On or about July 6, 1998, an action styled Ronald Feldstein v. Consolidated
Technology Group, Inc., a Florida corporation was filed in the Circuit Court of
the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm Beach County Florida, and
assigned Case No. 98-5943-AG. The action sought damages in excess of $15,000 for
an alleged breach by Consolidated Technology Group, Ltd. (the Company's prior
name) of an alleged consulting agreement under which the Company allegedly
promised to deliver to the Plaintiff, Ronald Feldstein, 250,000 options to
purchase stock of International Magnetic Imaging, Inc. at $3.50 per share, and
200,000 share of the stock of Trans Global Services, Inc. ("Trans Global"). It
is alleged the shares of Trans Global stock were to have been delivered by April
18, 1997. The Company answered the Plaintiff's complaint denying liability and
asserting various defenses. The Company also propounded discovery requests,
which were not answered by the Plaintiff. The Court ordered the Plaintiff to
respond to the discovery requests, but the Plaintiff did not comply with the
Court's order and on March 12, 2001, the Court dismissed the action without
prejudice.

In July 1999, Mitel Communications Solutions, Inc. ("Mitel") served an amended
Complaint upon the Company, impleading the Company and SISC and purportedly
served Technology Acquisitions Ltd. ("TAL"), a significant shareholder in the
company's Common Stock, in a case commenced against Arc, in the Supreme Court of
the State of New York, County of New York, entitled, Mitel Communications
Solutions, Inc. v. Arc Networks, Inc. et al., Index No. 99-600123 (Sup. Ct. N.Y.
Cty., 1999). Mitel seeks to recover the sum of $1.7 million, allegedly pre-paid
to Arc when Mitel engaged Arc as a subcontractor for a subsequently aborted
project for the New York City Board of Education. Mitel seeks to recover the
purported pre-payment with interest against all defendants, including the
Company, SISC and TAL on a variety of legal and equitable theories. The Company
has responded by denying all of the relevant allegations set forth in the
amended complaint and it is the Company's position that it is in no way
responsible for any liability Arc may or may not have to the plaintiff under the
facts as alleged by the plaintiff. The Company is


Page 8

<PAGE>

contesting this case vigorously. The Company has been advised that on December
1, 1999, Arc and Mitel entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which,
among other things, Arc agreed to perform certain work for Mitel and make a
certain escrow payment. The Company has been advised that Arc has not made the
required escrow payment; however, it continues to perform all work requested by
Mitel under the terms of the Settlement Agreement. As of this date, the Company
is advised that the balance due from Arc to Mitel has been reduced to less than
$300,000 and Arc is currently engaging in work for Mitel to further reduce and
eventually eliminate the alleged obligation underlying the litigation. To the
extent Arc satisfies the terms of the settlement agreement in full, it is
anticipated that the Company will be released from the litigation. However,
there can be no assurance that Arc will fully discharge the terms of the
settlement agreement.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

No matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of 2000 to a vote of security
holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.

PART II

Item 5.  Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.

The Company's Common Stock is traded on the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc.'s Over the Counter Bulletin Board ("OTC Bulletin Board") under the
symbol "SKCO". The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the
quarterly range of the high and low closing bid prices per share of our Common
Stock as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board Trading and market services. Such
bid quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or
commission and may not represent actual transactions.

                            Bid Prices
                            -----------
Quarter ended               High    Low
March 31, 2000              $5.25   $2.75
June 30, 2000               $5.75   $2.88
September 30, 2000          $3.84   $2.13
December 31, 2000           $3.00   $0.88

March 31, 1999              $6.60   $2.70
June 30, 1999               $5.18   $3.30
September 30, 1999          $4.50   $3.90
December 31, 1999           $3.56   $1.50

As of March 16, 2001, there were approximately 18,193 holders of record of the
Company's common stock. The Company has not paid dividends on common stock and
does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The Company
intends to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of its
operations and for general corporate purposes, including future acquisitions.

Preferred Stock - As of December 31, 2000, the authorized number of shares of
undesignated preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share, is 2,000,000 shares of
which 2,962 shares of several series of preferred stock are issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2000.


Page 9
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

THIS MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS MAY BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE
MEANING OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION
21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, THAT INVOLVE RISK AND
UNCERTAINTY. ALTHOUGH MANAGEMENT BELIEVES THAT ITS EXPECTATIONS ARE BASED ON
REASONABLE ASSUMPTIONS, IT CAN GIVE NO ASSURANCE THAT ITS EXPECTATIONS WILL BE
ACHIEVED.

THE IMPORTANT FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER FROM THOSE IN
THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS HEREIN (THE "CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS") INCLUDE,
WITHOUT LIMITATION: POTENTIAL SUBJECTION TO THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, THE
COMPANY'S HISTORY OF LOSSES AND CASH FLOW DEFICITS, THE LIMITED MARKET FOR OUR
COMMON STOCK, RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRADING IN OUR SECURITIES DUE TO APPLICABLE
PENNY STOCK REGULATIONS, THE NEED FOR SIGNIFICANT FINANCING IN ORDER TO
FACILITATE THE ACQUISITION OR ESTABLISHMENT OF ANY POTENTIAL OPERATING BUSINESS
SEGMENTS, THE DEPENDENCE OF ANY FUTURE BUSINESS OPERATIONS ON THE SERVICES OF
OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OUR ABILITY TO INTEGRATE NEW OFFICERS AND KEY
PERSONNEL, THE LACK OF DIVIDEND PAYMENTS ON OUR COMMON STOCK, LIMITED LIABILITY
OF OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, THE RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS AS WELL AS OTHER RISKS REFERENCED FROM TIME TO TIME IN THE COMPANY'S
FILINGS WITH THE SEC. ALL SUBSEQUENT WRITTEN AND ORAL FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY OR PERSONS ACTING ON ITS BEHALF ARE EXPRESSLY
QUALIFIED IN THEIR ENTIRETY BY THE CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS. THE COMPANY DOES NOT
UNDERTAKE ANY OBLIGATION TO RELEASE PUBLICLY ANY REVISIONS TO SUCH
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS TO REFLECT EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER THE DATE
HEREOF OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS.

Financial Condition - Liquidity and Capital Resources
- -----------------------------------------------------

Working Capital:

As of December 31, 2000, the Company's working capital assets include cash of
$2.907 million and current marketable securities of $3,000 and as of such date,
the Company has $2.638 million of working capital available for use in its
business, representing a decrease of $4.64 million.

Uses of working capital during 2000 included $4.030 million of capital
contributions to Sagemark Capital L.P., $253,000 loaned to JewlersEdge, $757,000
paid for salaries and related expenses, $485,000 paid for professional fees,
$140,000 paid for consulting fees, $120,000 paid to Richard Young pursuant to
the Transition Agreement, $313,000 paid for general and administrative expenses,
$49,000 paid for Federal and state taxes and $12,000 paid for interest.

Contingent Obligations:

As described more fully in Part I, Item 1, "Description of Business", on March
28, 2001, the Company entered into a Letter of Intent to Acquire Premier and
PCI. Upon the consummation of the proposed acquisition, the Company will provide
working capital to Premier in the amount of $1,000,000, the proceeds of which
will be used to establish and operate the PET Centers. To the extent required,
the Company will guarantee Premier's obligations under any leasing or purchase
agreement between Premier and the manufacturer or supplier of the PET Scanning
Equipment or between Premier and any entity which provides financing for same.
As part of the foregoing commitment, the Company will pay any commitment or
similar fee to any entity which provides a financing commitment to Premier in
connection with Premier's purchase of the first PET Scanning Equipment for its
first


Page 10

<PAGE>

PET Center at any time after the date of the Letter of Intent that such fee
becomes due and payable. If Premier does not execute the necessary agreements to
consummate the proposed acquisition for any reason other than the terms of such
agreements not being consistent with the provisions of the Letter of Intent,
Premier will repay to the Company any such commitment or similar fee that may
have been paid or advanced by the Company. If the Company does not execute the
necessary agreements to consummate the proposed acquisition for any reason other
than the terms of such agreements not being consistent with the provisions of
this Letter of Intent, the Company will forfeit, as liquidated damages, its
right to require Premier to repay any such commitment or similar fee that may
have been paid or advanced by the Company.

Trans Global Services, Inc. ("Trans Global"), a former subsidiary of the
Company, was the holder of a $1.2 million promissory note issued by Arc. The
Company guaranteed the outstanding indebtedness of Arc to Trans Global. In
addition, during 1998, the Company guaranteed $550,000 of indebtedness that Arc
had outstanding under a promissory note to Batei Sefer Limlacha. On September 6,
2000, InfoHighway paid, on behalf of Arc, all outstanding indebtedness of Arc to
Trans Global and Batei Sefer Limlacha. Effective upon such payments by
InfoHighway, the Company's aforementioned guaranties were canceled and are no
longer in force or effect.

Results of Operations
- ---------------------

Revenue:

The Company earned management fees of $477,000 in 2000 pursuant to a
reimbursement agreement with Sagemark Management that was in effect from January
1, 2000 through November 20, 2000 on which date the agreement was terminated
pursuant to the Transition Agreement. During 2000, loan interest from related
parties included $287,000 earned on the Arc loan and $27,000 earned on the
JewelersEdge loan and related party loan financing fees included $75,000 from
the Arc loan and $10,000 from the JewlersEdge loan. For 1999, all $170,000 of
the related party loan interest and $27,000 of related party loan financing fees
were earned on the Arc loan. The other loan interest of $2,000 and $14,000 for
2000 and 1999, respectively, and the 1999 other loan financing fees of $15,000
were all earned on the William Baquet loan. Currently, the Company does not
anticipate generating any significant revenues until such time, if ever, that an
operating business is established or acquired.

Operating Expenses:

Salaries, Payroll Taxes and Fringe Benefits:

Salaries, payroll taxes and fringe benefits of $753,000 for
2000 and $693,000 for 1999 are related to officers and other employees who
resigned as of or prior to November 20, 2000. For 2000, the remaining $32,000
represents the salaries and benefits of the current officers of the Company for
the period from November 20, 2000 through December 31, 2000 plus a year end
accrual for interim financial executives. As of the date of this report, the
Company has three employees with current aggregate annual base salaries of
$220,000 subject to contingent increases in the event the Company consummates an
acquisition of an operating business segment which would increase the aggregate
annual base salaries to $390,000. In addition, the current executives of the
Company are currently entitled to annual benefits aggregating $43,000.


Page 11

<PAGE>

Related Party Bad Debt Expense:

Related party bad debt expense of $700,000 for 2000 reflects a 100% provision
applied to notes receivable due from JewelersEdge and Joseph Sicinski.

JewelersEdge - In March 2000, the Company loaned JewelersEdge $250,000 pursuant
to a note bearing interest at 13% per annum with principal due thirteen months
from the date of execution. In June 2000, the Company advanced JewelersEdge
$3,000 through a convertible note receivable. Mr. Frank DeLape is the beneficial
owner of 24.3% of the common stock of JewelersEdge, and is a director of
JewelersEdge. During 2000 the Company earned $26,000 of interest income and
$10,000 of financing fees on the JewelersEdge note. As of December 31, 2000, the
outstanding principal and accrued interest owed on the JewlersEdge note
receivable aggregated $280,000. On February 14, 2001, the Company received
notification from JewlersEdge that, among other things, it had discontinued its
operations. As a result, effective December 31, 2000, the Company recorded a
reserve for $280,000, representing all amounts owed to the Company by
JewelersEdge.

Joseph Sicinski - In 1997, SISC sold 258,333 common shares of Trans Global to
Joseph Sicinski, the president of Trans Global, for $1.67 per share, the fair
market value of the Trans Global common stock on the date of sale. Payment by
Joseph Sicinski for such shares is evidenced by his $420,000, non-interest
bearing, promissory note due in 2002 (the "Sicinski Note"). Pursuant to the
terms of the Sicinski Note, the Company's only recourse against Sicinksi is the
underlying shares which he purchased. Based on the significant decrease in the
value of the underlying Trans Global shares, the Company recorded a reserve of
420,000 against the Sicinski Note on December 31, 2000.

Professional Fees:

Professional fees for 2000 were $498,000 including $173,000 for the change of
control and management matters, $167,000 for litigation and general legal
matters, $108,000 for lending and investing activities and $50,000 in accounting
fees. Professional fees for 1999 were $919,000 and consisted of legal fees of
$774,000 and accounting fees of $145,000. The legal fees in 1999 included
$306,000 for the disposal of Arc Networks, Trans Global and Netsmart, $166,000
for litigation settlements and the remaining $302,000 for general legal matters,
including proxy and change of control issues.

Other General and Administrative Expenses:

Comparing 2000 and 1999, other general and administrative expenses decreased
$230,000 from $554,000 for 1999 to $324,000 for 2000. Significant costs incurred
in 1999 that were not incurred in 2000 includes $65,000 for the 1999 annual
shareholder meeting and related proxy, $40,000 of rent for office space that was
closed in 1999, $43,000 in non-recurring printing costs for a litigation project
and $21,000 of business development costs related to the formation of Sagemark
Capital, L.P.

Executive Contract Termination Expense:

Executive contract termination expense for 2000 of $171,000 relates to the
November 20, 2000 Transition Agreement, which, among other things, provides for
the termination of the existing employment and stock option agreements between
the Company and Frank DeLape and Richard Young, the issuance to Frank DeLape of
24,000 shares of the Company's common stock (valued at $51,000) in consideration
of the return and cancellation of certain stock options previously issued to
Frank DeLape by the Company, the payment to Richard Young of $60,000 of
severance compensation and $60,000 as compensation for consulting services to be
provided during the first 90 days after the execution of the Transition
Agreement.


Page 12

<PAGE>

Executive contract termination expense for 1999 was $108,000 of which $60,000
was paid to Seymour Richter pursuant to a consulting agreement he entered into
with the Company upon his April 20, 1999 resignation as the Company's President
and Chief Executive Officer and $48,000 paid to George W. Mahoney upon his
resignation in May of 1999 as Chief Financial Officer. As noted elsewhere within
this report, George W. Mahoney was reappointed as Chief Financial Officer in
March of 2001.

Consulting Fees:

Consulting fees for 2000 represents $140,000 paid to various consultants for
evaluating potential acquisitions and other investment advisory services.
Consulting fees for 1999 represents $18,000 paid to a consultant in connection
with the closing of the Company's New York offices.

Settlement Costs:

During 1999, the Company incurred $38,000 of expense to settle claims relating
to former subsidiaries.

Non Operating Income and Expense:

Gain (Loss) on Sale of Marketable Securities, Related Parties:

During 2000 the Company recognized a loss of $125,000 on the sale of Trans
Global common shares and during 1999 recognized a gain of $2,624,000 on the sale
of Netsmart common shares.

Gain on Sale of Marketable Securities, Other:

During 2000, the Company recognized a gain of $118,000 on the sale of I-Link
common shares and in 1999 recognized a gain of $168,000 from the sale of US
Treasury Bills and $4,000 from the sale of commercial paper.

Gain on Sale of Related Party Non Marketable Securities:

During 1999, the Company received warrants to purchase common stock of
InfoHighway, Arc's parent, in consideration for the Company extending the
repayment date of the Arc note. Such warrants were sold to InfoHighway in
September 2000 for $369,000 representing the 2000 gain on sale of related party
non marketable securities.

Loss from Permanently Impaired Investments:

On September 7, 1999, the Company acquired 100,000 shares of 12% convertible
preferred stock of Gavelnet (the "Gavelnet Shares") for $950,000. Concurrent
with the Company's investment in Gavelnet, TAL invested $1 million under
substantially the same terms. Prior to the Company's investment in Gavelnet,
certain affiliates and related parties of Benchmark acquired approximately 4.1
million common shares, on a fully diluted basis, of Gavelnet for financial
investment and other services that enabled Gavelnet to satisfy certain criteria
in validating its business model. Benchmark is a privately held company wholly
owned by Frank DeLape, Sagemark's Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board from April 20, 1999 until November 20, 2000, which also owns 100% of TAL's
voting stock. In September 2000, the Company recorded a permanent investment
write-off of its $950,000 investment as a result of its review of the realizable
value of the Gavelnet Shares.


Page 13

<PAGE>

Interest Income, Investments:

During 2000 and 1999, the Company earned $53,000 and $60,000, respectively, of
interest income on bank deposits.

Loss on Disposal of Fixed Assets:

As a part to the change in control and management of the Company, all furniture
and fixtures of the Company as of November 20, 2000 were transferred to Sagemark
Management. The net book value of the furniture and fixtures on November 20,
2000 was $71,000. In connection with the transfer of such assets, Sagemark
Management assumed all of the Company's capital lease obligations having a net
present value of $3,000 and as a result of the above, the Company recorded a
loss on disposal of fixed assets of $68,000.

Value of Marketable Securities Issued to a Related Party to Extend Debt
Guarantees:

Trans Global was the holder of a $1.2 million promissory note issued by Arc. The
Company guaranteed the outstanding indebtedness of Arc to Trans Global. On
September 6, 2000, InfoHighway paid, on behalf of Arc, all outstanding
indebtedness of Arc to Trans Global. Effective upon such payments by
InfoHighway, the Company's aforementioned guaranties were canceled and are no
longer in force or effect. Prior to InfoHighway's payment of Arc's obligation to
Trans Global, the Company transferred to Trans Global, in consideration of Trans
Global's extension of the maturity date of the Arc indebtedness guaranteed by
the Company, 50,000 shares of Trans Global common shares owned by it having a
value of $56,000.

Interest Expense:

The Company incurred interest expense of $4,000 and $5,000 for 2000 and 1999,
respectively, on a capitalized equipment lease obligation which effective
November 20, 2000, was assumed by Sagemark Management.

Other Income:

The other income recognized in 2000 and 1999 of $48,000 and $3,000,
respectively, reflects the write-off of obligations that existed prior to 1998
that the Company does not believe it will be required to pay.

Minority Interest in Income of Subsidiaries:

In 1999 the minority portion of Trans Global's income prior to the disposal of
Trans Global in the first quarter of 1999 was $296,000.

Share of Income of Unconsolidated Affiliate:

Sagemark Capital - Pursuant to the terms of the limited partnership agreement
dated November 30, 1999, between the Company and Sagemark Management, (the
"Sagemark Capital Partnership Agreement"), the Company is committed to make
$4,920,000 in capital contributions to Sagemark Capital. As of December 31,
2000, the Company has paid on such commitments $4,587,000 (of which $1,577,000
represents the fair value of marketable securities transferred to Sagemark
Capital, $557,000 represents expenses paid on behalf of Sagemark Capital in 1999
and $2,453,000 represents cash payments made during 2000), leaving a
subscription payable balance of $333,000.


Page 14

<PAGE>

As a part of the transactions relating to the Transition Agreement, the Company
entered into an agreement with Sagemark Management on November 20, 2000 (the
"General Partner Letter Agreement") whereby Sagemark Management in its capacity
as general partner of Sagemark Capital, agreed not to seek to have the Company
contribute the $333,000 balance of its $4,920,000 capital contribution
commitment until the following conditions occur: (i) All other limited partners
of Sagemark Capital must fund the same percentage of their total capital
contribution commitment as the Company has funded; (ii) Sagemark Capital must
have drawn down or otherwise received all funds to which the SBA determines it
is entitled based upon Sagemark Capital's total capital contributions,
calculated after condition (i) above has been met; and, (iii) all capital
contributions and investment funds referred to in (i) and (ii) above must be
fully invested by Sagemark Capital. The General Partner Letter Agreement also
precludes Sagemark Management from offsetting any amounts owed by the Company to
Sagemark Capital against the Company's capital account and requires Sagemark
Management, upon written request, to appoint Theodore B. Shapiro to the advisory
board of Sagemark Capital.

The Company will continue to own its limited partnership interest in Sagemark
Capital (61.5% as of December 31, 2000), and Sagemark Capital will continue to
be managed by Sagemark Management; but, by virtue of the resignation of Frank
DeLape and Richard Young as officers and directors of the Company, the Company
will have a limited say in the day to day operations of Sagemark Capital,
requiring the Company to report Sagemark Capital as an unconsolidated affiliate
using the equity method. The Company's share of Sagemark Capital's loss for 2000
was $620,000.

Netsmart Technologies, Inc.- As of January 1, 1999, the Company had an
investment in Netsmart Technologies, Inc. ("Netsmart") that was accounted for
using the equity method. On March 25, 1999, the Company reduced its ownership in
Netsmart to approximately 10% at which point the investment in Netsmart no
longer qualified for treatment as an equity method investment and was converted
to a marketable security. During the period from January 1, 1999 through March
25, 1999, the Company's equity method share of Netsmart's income was $113,000.

Income Tax Expense:

The Company's income tax expense for 2000 represents $3,000 of state taxes and
for 1999 includes federal taxes of $17,000 and state taxes of $8,000. The
Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $44.7 million as
of December 31,2000, which expire during the years from 2001 through 2020.


Page 15

<PAGE>

Discontinued Operations:

The Company's income (loss) from operations of discontinued segments and the
gain on disposal of segments are presented in the following table.

Year Ended December 31, 1999
- ----------------------------
Income from operations of discontinued segments:
  Trans Global                                       $  499,000
  Intercompany transactions                             139,000
                                                     ----------
                                                     $  638,000
                                                     ==========
Gain on disposal of segments:
  Trans Global                                       $  759,000
  Arc                                                 7,365,000
  3D Holdings Intl., Inc.                               481,000
  IMI                                                   156,000
  Income taxes                                          (31,000)
                                                     ----------
                                                     $8,730,000
                                                     ==========

Net Income or Loss:

As a result of the foregoing, the Company's net income (loss) for 2000 and 1999
was ($2.979 million) and $9.91 million, respectively and earnings (loss) per
share was ($1.91) and $6.32, respectively.

Item 7.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information required by Item 7. is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form
10-KSB.

Item 8.  Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

None.


Page 16

<PAGE>

PART III

Item 9.  Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the
Registrant; Compliance With Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

Officers are elected by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors.
Set forth below is information concerning the directors and executive officers
of the registrant as of December 31, 2000.

Name                    Age     Position with the Company
- ----                    ---     -------------------------
Theodore B. Shapiro     65      Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director
Edward D. Bright        64      Chairman of the Board

On November 20, 2000, Edward D. Bright and Theodore B. Shapiro were appointed to
the Company's Board of Directors pursuant to the terms of the Transition
Agreement to fill the vacancies created by the resignations of Frank DeLape and
Richard Young.

Theodore B. Shapiro has served as the Company's Chief Executive Officer and
President since November 20, 2000. From January 6, 1998 until October 25, 2000,
Mr. Shapiro was the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of Trimol
Group, Inc., a public holding company with controlling investments in companies
operating in the banking, insurance and hotel industries. From 1992 to 1997, Mr.
Shapiro was the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of EMX Corporation
("EMX"), a research and development technology firm.

Edward D. Bright has served as the Company's Chairman of the Board and a
Director since November 20, 2000 and previously in such capacity from April 1998
through April 1999. Since April 1998, Mr. Bright has also served as Chairman of
the Board and a Director of Netsmart, a public company that is a leader in the
design, development, implementation and licensing of management information
systems for the behavioral health care industry through its wholly-owned
operating subsidiary, Creative Socio-Medics Corp. From January 1996 until April
1998, Mr. Bright was an executive officer of and advisor to Creative
Socio-Medics Corp. From June 1994 until January 1996, Mr. Bright was the Chief
Executive Officer of Netsmart and for more than two years prior thereto, he was
a senior executive officer of Creative Socio-Medics and its former parent. Mr.
Bright is also the Chairman of the Board of Trans Global, a public company that
provides technical temporary staffing services.

Item 10. Executive Compensation

Summary Compensation Table

Set forth below is information concerning the Company's Chief Executive Officer
and other executive officers who received or accrued compensation from the
Company in excess of $100,000 (on an annualized basis) during 2000 and 1999.


Page 17

<PAGE>

All amounts in the following table are in '000s unless otherwise indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            Long-term Compensation
                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                         Awards             Payouts
                                                   -----------------   ------------------
                            Annual Compensation              Securi-
                           ----------------------            ties
                                          Other    Restri-   Under-             All
                                          Annual   stricted  lying     LTIP     Other
Name and Principal                        Compen-  Stock     Options/  Payouts  Compen-
 Position            Year  Salary  Bonus  sation   Awards    SARs(#)   ($)      sation($)
- ------------------   ----  ------  -----  -------  ------    --------  -------  ---------
<S>                  <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>      <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>
Theodore B. Shapiro,
 Chief Executive
 Officer and
 President since
 November 2000       2000    $ 11     --    $  3(2)    --         --       --         --

Edward D. Bright,
 Chairman of the
 Board since
 November 2000
 and from April      2000    $  6     --    $  1(3)    --         --       --         --
 to April 1999       1999      --     --      --       --          3(9)    --         --

Frank DeLape,
 Chief Executive
 Officer, April
 1999 to             2000    $228     --    $ 12(4)  $ 51(8)      24(8)    --         --
 November 2000       1999    $170     --    $  9(4)    --        400(9)    --         --

Richard Young,
 President and
 Chief Operating
 Officer, April
 1999 to             2000    $121     --    $132(5)    --         --       --         --
 November 2000       1999    $ 92     --    $  7(5)    --        250(9)    --         --

Steve Jones,
 Chief Financial
 Officer, May 2000
 to November 2000    2000    $ 69     --      --       --         --       --         --

George W. Mahoney,
 Chief Financial
 Officer             1999    $ 95     --    $ 48(6)    --         --       --         --

Seymour H. Richter,
 Chief Executive
 Officer and
 President,
 April 1998
 to April 1999       1999    $ 27   $ 40(1) $ 61(7)    --         --       --         --
</TABLE>


Page 18

<PAGE>

(1) Mr. Richter received discretionary bonuses in 1999 as approved by the board
of directors.

(2) Mr. Shapiro's other annual compensation consisted of auto and insurance
allowances.

(3) Mr. Bright's other annual compensation consisted of auto and insurance
allowances.

(4) Mr. DeLape's other annual compensation consists of auto and club membership
allowances.

(5) Mr. Young's other annual compensation for 2000 includes an auto allowance of
$12,000, $60,000 of severance compensation and $60,000 of consulting fees for
services to be provided during the first 90 days subsequent to his resignation.
Mr. Young's other annual compensation for 1999 consists of an auto allowance.

(6) Mr. Mahoney's other annual compensation for 1999 represents early
termination compensation related to a prior employment agreement. On March 7,
2001 Mr. Mahoney was reappointed as the Company's Chief Financial Officer.

(7) Mr. Richter's other annual compensation for 1999 includes $56,000 paid to
him pursuant to a consulting agreement for services performed after his
resignation, and $5,000 for post employment, medical insurance reimbursements.

(8) Mr. DeLape received 24,000 shares of the Company's common stock (valued at
$51,000) in consideration of the return and cancellation of certain stock
options previously issued to him by the Company.

(9) Options were awarded on April 20, 1999 under the Company's 1999 Long-term
Incentive Plan at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date of grant ($4.20). Mr. DeLape transferred 150,000 of his
options to his assignees on October 11, 1999. Pursuant to the Transition
Agreement, the options issued to Mr. DeLape and Mr. Young in 1999 were
cancelled.

Option/SAR Grants in Last Year

No options or stock appreciation rights were granted to the named executive
officers during 2000. On April 13, 2000, 15,000 options previously granted to
Matthew Finch, former Secretary of the Company, were transferred to Frank
DeLape. Pursuant to the Transition Agreement, the options transferred to Frank
DeLape were cancelled.

Aggregated Option/SAR Exercises in Last Year and Year-end Option/SAR Values

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
unexercised options and stock appreciation rights to purchase shares of the
Company's Common Stock held by the named executive officers at December 31,
2000. None of the named executive officers exercised any stock options or stock
appreciation rights during 2000.


Page 19
<PAGE>

                                      Number of Securities  Value of Unexercised
                                     Underlying Unexercised    In-the-Money
                                          Options/SARs         Options/SARs
                  Shares                  at Year End(#)       at Year End(#)
                 Acquired    Value    --------------------  --------------------
                   On        Real-    Exercis-  Unexercis-  Exercis-  Unexercis-
Name            Exercise(#)  ized($)    able       able       able       able
- -----------     -----------  -------  --------  ----------  --------  ----------
Theodore B.
 Shapiro            --         --        --        --          --        --
Edward D.
 Bright             --         --     8,333(1)     --          --        --

(1) The exercise price on 5,000 of the options is $7.50 and on 3,333 of the
options is $4.50. As of December 31, 2000, none of the options are in the money.

Compensation of Directors

Edward D. Bright has served as our Chairman of the Board and a Director since
November 2000 and previously in such capacity from April 1998 to April 1999. Mr.
Bright is also a Director of Netsmart and Trans Global, both former subsidiaries
of the Company. As a non-employee director of Netsmart and Trans Global, Mr.
Bright received options granted under Netsmart's and Trans Global's long-term
incentive plans. In addition, in 1998, Mr. Bright received an option to purchase
5,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $7.50 per
share, the fair market value of the common stock on the date of issuance and in
1999, pursuant to the Company's 1999 Long-term Incentive Plan received an option
to purchase 3,333 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of
$4.50 per share.

Employment Agreements

On March 7, 2001, the Board of Directors approved and ratified the terms of
employment arrangements between the Company and Theodore B. Shapiro and Edward
D. Bright.

The terms of Mr. Shapiro's employment include the appointment of Mr. Shapiro as
the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, on a month-to-month basis,
at an annual base salary of $100,000, plus certain fringe benefits and expense
allowances. Mr. Shapiro's annual base salary is subject to increase to $200,000
per year at such time as the Company consummates an acquisition of the business
of another entity. In addition, Mr. Shapiro was granted a warrant to purchase up
to 125,000 shares of the Company 's common stock during a term of five years at
an exercise price of $1.125 per share (the "Warrant"), which exercise price
reflects the market price of the Company 's common stock on March 7, 2001, the
date of grant of the Warrant. Mr. Shapiro was also granted a warrant to purchase
up to an additional 150,000 shares of the Company 's common stock during a term
of five years at an exercise price of $1.125 per share (the "Incentive
Warrant"), which exercise price reflects the market price of the Company 's
common stock on March 7, 2001, the date of grant of the Incentive Warrant. The
Incentive Warrant cannot, however, be exercised unless and until the Company
consummates an acquisition of the business of another entity. The shares of
common stock subject to the Warrant and the Incentive Warrant have "piggy-back"
and demand registration rights.

The terms of Mr. Bright's employment include the appointment of Mr. Bright as
the Company's Chairman of the Board, on a month-to-month basis, at an annual
base salary of $50,000, plus certain fringe benefits and expense allowances. Mr.
Bright's annual base salary is subject to quarterly review by the Board of
Directors. In addition, Mr. Bright


Page 20

<PAGE>

was granted a warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of the Company 's common
stock during a term of five years at an exercise price of $1.125 per share,
which exercise price reflects the market price of the Company 's common stock on
March 7, 2001, the date of grant of such warrant. The shares of common stock
subject to the warrant have "piggy-back" and demand registration rights.

On March 4, 2001, the Company entered into a letter agreement to employ George
W. Mahoney as its Chief Financial Officer for a period of 3 years at an annual
base salary of $70,000 per year. Per the terms of the letter agreement, it is
the intention of the parties to enter into a definitive employment agreement
whereby Mr. Mahoney will receive an annual base salary of $140,000. In the event
that the Company does not consummate an acquisition of another business by
February 28, 2002, the Company may terminate this agreement upon ten days notice
to Mr. Mahoney. In the event that the Company does not consummate an acquisition
of another business by September 1, 2001 and does not enter into a definitive
Employment Agreement with Mr. Mahoney by September 1, 2001, Mr. Mahoney may
terminate this letter agreement upon thirty days notice to the Company. In May
of 1999, Mr. Mahoney received $48,000 in consideration of the mutually agreed
upon termination of his prior employment agreement with the Company.

Effective April 21, 1999, the Company entered into three-year employment
agreements with Frank DeLape and Richard Young pursuant to which such
individuals were entitled to annual salaries of $250,000 and $135,000,
respectively. Pursuant to such agreements, Mr. DeLape served as the Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Mr. Young served as the
President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The options granted to
Messrs. DeLape (400,000 options) and Young (250,000 options) during 1999 were
granted pursuant to their employment agreements. On November 20, 2000, the
Company and Messrs. DeLape and Young entered into the Transition Agreement. The
Transition Agreement was consummated in order to effectuate an agreed upon
change of management.

The Transition Agreement provided for, among other things, the termination of
the existing employment and stock option agreements between the Company and
Frank DeLape and Richard Young, the issuance to Frank DeLape of 24,000 shares of
the Company's common stock (valued at $51,000) in consideration of the return
and cancellation of certain stock options previously issued to Frank DeLape by
the Company, the payment to Richard Young of $60,000 of severance compensation
and $60,000 as compensation for consulting services to be provided during the
first 90 days after the execution of the Transition Agreement and the
resignation of Frank DeLape, Richard Young and Steve Jones as officers and
directors of the Company and all of its subsidiaries.

Contemporaneously with Seymour Richter's resignation as an officer and director
of the Company in April 1999, Mr. Richter and the Company entered into a
consulting agreement for a nine-month period expiring in December 1999. Pursuant
to such agreement, Mr. Richter received $56,000 in consulting fees and $5,000
for continued medical benefits.


Page 21

<PAGE>

Item 11. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2000 by: (i) each of our
executive officers and directors; (ii) each person whom we know to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding Common Stock; and (iii) all
of our officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, to our knowledge, all persons listed below have sole
voting and investment power with respect to their shares of Common Stock, except
to the extent applicable law gives spouses shared authority. Any shares of
Common Stock that an individual or group has the right to acquire within sixty
(60) days after December 31, 2000 pursuant to the exercise of warrants or
options are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of such person or group, but are not deemed outstanding for the
purpose of calculating the percentage owned by any other person listed below.

                                             Amount                Percent
                                           and Nature                of
                                               of                  Common
                                           Beneficial              Stock
Name and address of Beneficial Owner          Owner             Outstanding(1)
- ------------------------------------       ----------           --------------
Officers and Directors:
 Theodore B. Shapiro
 3505 S. Ocean Blvd.
 Highland Beach, FL 33487                       --                     --

 Edward D. Bright
 33 Harbor Drive West
 Blue Point, NY 11715                          579                     (4)
Officer and directors as
 a group (2 persons)                           579                     (4)

Other Beneficial Owners:
 Technology Acq., Ltd.
 700 Gemini Street
 Houston, Texas 77058                      266,667                   16.0%(2)

 Frank DeLape
 700 Gemini Street
 Houston, Texas 77058                      290,667(2)                17.5%(3)

(1) The "Percent of Common Stock Outstanding" is based on the 1,664,343 shares
of Common Stock currently outstanding and the assumption that the related
beneficial owner had converted or exercised all potential Common Stock related
to that beneficial owner.

(2) Represents 266,667 shares of Common Stock owned by TAL.

(3) Represents 24,000 shares owned by Frank DeLape and 266,667 shares owned by
TAL. Mr. DeLape is the chief executive officer of TAL and may have, or be deemed
to have, beneficial ownership of such shares.

(4) Less than 1%.


Page 22

<PAGE>

Item 12. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

In 1997, SISC sold 258,333 common shares of Trans Global to Joseph Sicinski, the
president of Trans Global, for $1.67 per share, the fair market value of the
Trans Global common stock on the date of sale. Payment by Joseph Sicinski for
such shares is evidenced by his $420,000, non-interest bearing, promissory note
due in 2002, the Sicinski Note. Pursuant to the terms of the Sicinski Note, the
Company's only recourse against Sicinksi is the underlying shares which he
purchased. Based on the significant decrease in the value of the underlying
Trans Global shares, the Company recorded a reserve of $420,000 on December 31,
2000.

In March 1999, the Company entered into an agreement with TAL, pursuant to which
the Company sold its 67% equity interest in Arc Networks to TAL for $850,000.
The sale was completed in June 1999.

On April 20, 1999, TAL purchased 266,667 shares, or approximately 16% of the
outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock, from nine shareholders of the
Company in a private transaction, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,000,000
or $7.50 per share. Contemporaneously with such purchase, TAL was also granted
options to purchase an aggregate of additional 266,660 shares of the Company's
Common Stock from six other shareholders of the Company, such options having a
term of 13 months and providing for an aggregate exercise price of $2,799,925 or
$10.50 per share. Such options expired unexercised.

In April and June 1999, the Company sold an aggregate of 792,624 shares of the
common stock of Netsmart owned by it to a group of investors, including certain
officers and directors of Netsmart, pursuant to a March 25, 1999 agreement
between the Company, Netsmart, and such investors. All of such shares were sold
at $2.014 per share. Edward D. Bright purchased 62,500 of such shares on the
same terms as the other investors.

The Company and Trans Global entered into an agreement whereby in May 1999, the
Company transferred 1,150,000 shares of Trans Global's common stock owned by it
to Trans Global and Trans Global transferred all of the Series G 2% Cumulative
Redeemable Preferred Stock of the Company that it owned to the Company and
cancelled accrued dividends thereon of approximately $140,000 and intercompany
debt obligations of approximately $326,000 owed by the Company to Trans Global.

On June 10, 1999 the Company executed an agreement between the Company and
Benchmark, (the "Expense Sharing Agreement") whereby the Company agreed to
reimburse Benchmark for its allocable portion of certain shared office and
administrative support services. Pursuant to the Transition Agreement, the
Expense Sharing Agreement was terminated on November 20, 2000. For 2000 and
1999, the Company paid Benchmark $69,000 and $117,000, respectively, pursuant to
the agreement and during 1999 the Company paid an additional $29,000 for
reimbursement of a portion of the March 1999 and April 1999 salaries that
Benchmark had paid to Frank DeLape, Richard Young and Mathew Finch.

During 1999, the Company paid Frank DeLape $11,000 for furniture and leasehold
improvements sold by him to the Company.

On September 7, 1999, the Company acquired 100,000 shares of the 12% convertible
preferred stock of Gavelnet (the "Gavelnet Shares") for $950,000. Concurrent
with the Company's investment in Gavelnet, TAL invested $1 million in Gavelnet
on substantially the same terms. Prior to the Company's investment in Gavelnet,
certain affiliates and related parties of Benchmark acquired approximately 4.1
million common shares, on a fully diluted basis, of Gavelnet for financial
investment and other services that enabled Gavelnet to satisfy certain criteria
in validating its business model. Benchmark is a privately held


Page 23

<PAGE>

company wholly owned by Frank DeLape, Sagemark's Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board from April 20, 1999 until November 20, 2000, which also
owns 100% of TAL's voting stock. In September 2000, the Company recorded a
permanent investment write-off of its $950,000 investment as a result of its
review of the realizable value of the Gavelnet Shares. On November 20, 2000, the
Company sold the Gavelnet Shares.

On January 1, 2000, the Company entered into an agreement with Sagemark
Management (the "Management Agreement") whereby Sagemark Management agreed to
reimburse the Company for certain employee and other expenses incurred on behalf
of Sagemark Capital not to exceed $46,875 per month. Pursuant to the General
Partner Letter Agreement, the Management Agreement was terminated on November
20, 2000. During 2000, Sagemark Management paid the Company $477,000 during the
time period in which the Management Agreement was in effect.

In March 2000, the Company loaned JewelersEdge $250,000 pursuant to a note
bearing interest at 13% per annum with principal due thirteen months from the
date of execution. In June 2000, the Company advanced JewelersEdge $3,000
pursuant to a convertible note receivable. Mr. Frank DeLape, is the beneficial
owner of 24.3% of the common stock of JewelersEdge, and is a director of
JewelersEdge. During 2000 the Company earned $26,000 of interest income and
$10,000 of financing fees pursuant to the JewelersEdge note. As of December 31,
2000, the outstanding principal and accrued interest owed on the JewlersEdge
note receivable aggregated $280,000. On February 14, 2001, the Company received
notification from JewlersEdge that, among other things, it had discontinued its
operations. As a result, effective December 31, 2000, the Company recorded a
reserve of $280,000, representing all amounts owed to the Company by
JewelersEdge. In March 2000, the Company received warrants to purchase 137,500
shares of JewelersEdge common stock (the "JewelersEdge Shares") in connection
with the loan made to JewelersEdge. Prior to September 30, 2000 the Company
exercised such warrant and purchased the shares at a nominal price.

On September 6, 2000 the Company received from Arc $3,053,000 representing
payment of all principal and accrued interest then due from Arc pursuant to
Arc's outstanding promissory note to the Company. During 1999, the Company
received warrants to purchase common stock of InfoHighway Communications
Corporation ("InfoHighway"), Arc's parent, in consideration for the Company's
extending the repayment date of the Arc note. Such warrants were sold to
InfoHighway in September 2000 for $369,000. In connection with the Arc note the
Company earned interest income of $287,000 and $170,000 for 2000 and 1999,
respectively, and earned financing fees of $75,000 and $27,000 for 2000 and
1999, respectively. Trans Global was the holder of a $1.2 million promissory
note issued by Arc. The Company guaranteed the outstanding indebtedness of Arc
to Trans Global under such note. On September 6, 2000, InfoHighway paid, on
behalf of Arc, all outstanding indebtedness of Arc to Trans Global. Effective
upon such payments by InfoHighway, the Company's aforementioned guaranties were
canceled and are no longer in force or effect. Prior to InfoHighway's payment of
Arc's obligation to Trans Global, the Company transferred to Trans Global, in
consideration of Trans Global's extension of the maturity of said debt, 50,000
shares of its Trans Global common shares owned by it which was valued at
$56,000.

Pursuant to the terms of the limited partnership agreement dated November 30,
1999, between the Company and Sagemark Management, (the "Sagemark Capital
Partnership Agreement"), the Company is committed to make $4,920,000 in capital
contributions to Sagemark Capital. As of December 31, 2000, the Company has paid
on such commitments $4,587,000 (of which $1,577,000 represents the fair value of
marketable securities transferred to Sagemark Capital, $557,000 represents
expenses paid on behalf of Sagemark Capital in 1999 and $2,453,000 represents
cash payments made to Sagemark Capital during 2000), leaving a subscription
payable balance of $333,000. Pursuant to the Transition, the Company entered
into an agreement with Sagemark Management on November 20, 2000 (the "General
Partner Letter Agreement") whereby Sagemark Management in its capacity as
general


Page 24

<PAGE>

partner of Sagemark Capital, agreed not to seek to have the Company contribute
the $333,000 balance of its $4,920,000 capital contribution commitment until the
following conditions occur: (i) All other limited partners of Sagemark Capital
must fund the same percentage of their total capital contribution commitment as
the Company has funded; (ii) Sagemark Capital must have drawn down or otherwise
received all funds to which the SBA determines it is entitled based upon
Sagemark Capital's total capital contributions, calculated after condition (i)
above has been met; and, (iii) all capital contributions and investment funds
referred to in (i) and (ii) above must be fully invested by Sagemark Capital.
The General Partner Letter Agreement also precludes Sagemark Management from
offsetting any amounts owed by the Company to Sagemark Capital against the
Company's capital account and requires Sagemark Management, upon written
request, to appoint Theodore B. Shapiro to the advisory board of Sagemark
Capital.

On November 20, 2000, simultaneously with the execution of the Transition
Agreement, the Company and Gemini VII, Inc. ("Gemini") entered into a stock
purchase agreement pursuant to which Sagemark sold the Gavelnet and JewelersEdge
Shares for $3,500,000 (the "Purchase Price"). Gemini is a company with
negligible assets and liabilities which is owned by Frank DeLape and Richard
Young. The Purchase Price was paid by Gemini's non-interest bearing,
non-negotiable promissory note (the "Gemini Note") due on the later of November
30, 2009 or the date of expiration of the term of the Sagemark Capital
Partnership Agreement. The Gemini Note requires mandatory prepayments as
follows: (i) if Sagemark Management receives distributions from Sagemark
Capital, then 50% of such distributions must be prepaid on the Gemini Note (less
any applicable taxes and less up to 33% of such distribution as may be payable
to a member of Sagemark Management) or (ii) if Gemini receives proceeds from the
sale of any or all of its shares of Gavelnet or JewlersEdge, the full extent of
such proceeds must be used to prepay the Gemini Note. The Gemini Note is with
recourse to Gemini only to the extent of any breach of such mandatory prepayment
provisions and the principal amount of the Gemini Note will be reduced at the
maturity date by an amount equal to the difference between such principal and
the aggregate amount of all such distribution and sales proceeds actually
received prior to the maturity date. The obligations of Gemini under the Gemini
Note, to the extent that there is recourse against Gemini, is severally
personally guaranteed by Frank DeLape and Richard Young, but only to the extent
that either of such individuals receives the proceeds of any such distributions
(less the amount of all applicable Federal, state and local taxes computed at
the maximum applicable tax rate). There is no assurance that any such
distribution or sale proceeds will be received or, if so, when and to what
extent and as a result of such contingencies, the Company has not recorded any
receivable or gain related to its sale of the Gavelnet and JewlersEdge Shares.

As a part to the change in control and management of the Company, all furniture
and fixtures of the Company as of November 20, 2000, the date of the Transition
Agreement and Partnership Letter Agreement, were transferred to Sagemark
Management. The net book value of the furniture and fixtures on November 20,
2000 was $71,000. Pursuant to the Partnership Letter Agreement, Sagemark
Management assumed all of the Company's capital lease obligations having a net
present value of $3,000. As a result of the above, the Company recorded a loss
on disposal of fixed assets of $68,000.

Item 13. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K.

(a) Exhibits - See Exhibit Index for the Exhibits filed as part of or
incorporated by reference into this Report.

(b) No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the 4th quarter of 2000.


Page 25

<PAGE>

Signatures
- ----------

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.

THE SAGEMARK COMPANIES LTD.

/s/ THEODORE B. SHAPIRO
- --------------------------------
Theodore B. Shapiro
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
April 5, 2001

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the
following person on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

/s/ THEODORE B. SHAPIRO
- --------------------------------
Theodore B. Shapiro
Chief Executive Officer,
President and Director
April 5, 2001

/s/ EDWARD D. BRIGHT
- --------------------------------
Edward D. Bright
Chairman of the Board
April 5, 2001

/s/ GEORGE W. MAHONEY
- --------------------------------
George W. Mahoney
Chief Financial Officer
April 5, 2001


Page 26

<PAGE>

Index to Exhibits
- -----------------
Exhibit No.   Description of Document
- -----------   -----------------------
(2), (10)     Form of Transition Agreement among the Registrant, Frank DeLape,
               Richard Young and Edward D. Bright, individually and on behalf of
               certain shareholders of the Registrant.(1)
(2)           Letter of Intent Re: Sagemark Acquisition of Premier P.E.T.
               Imaging International, Inc.
(3)(i)        Certificate of Incorporation.(2)
(3)(ii)       By-laws.(2)
(10)          Form of Letter Agreement by and between The Sagemark Companies,
               Ltd. and Sagemark Management.(1)
(10)          Form of Promissory Note by and between Gemini VII, Inc. and the
               Sagemark Companies, Ltd.(1)
(10)          Form of Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Gemini VII, Inc.
               and the Sagemark Companies, Ltd.(1)
(10)          Form of Guaranty executed by Frank DeLape and Richard Young to be
               dated November 20, 2000.(1)
(21)          Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
(99.1)        Financial Statements

(1)  Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
     September 30, 2000.
(2)  Filed as an exhibit to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the
     fiscal year ended July 31, 1994 and incorporated herein by reference.
(3) Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in electronic format only.


Page 27

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>file002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2
<TEXT>


Exhibit (2)

                          The Sagemark Companies, Ltd.
           1285 Avenue of the Americas, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10019
                    telephone 212.554.4219 - fax 212.554.4258



                                 March 28, 2001


Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc.
2300 Glades Road, Suite 100-W
Boca Raton, FL 33431

        Re: Sagemark Acquisition of Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc.
            ------------------------------------------------------------------

Gentlemen:

     This letter (the "Letter of Intent") will serve to confirm our
understanding regarding the principal terms and conditions of the proposed
acquisition of Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc. and Premier Cyclotron
International Corp. by The Sagemark Companies Ltd. This Letter of Intent does
not contain all of the terms and conditions to be negotiated and agreed upon
between the parties hereto with respect to such acquisition but is, to the
extent provided herein, intended to be binding upon the parties hereto. The
principal terms and conditions of our understanding and agreement with respect
to such acquisition are as follows:

1.   Parties to the Transaction. Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc., a
Delaware corporation with offices at 2300 Glades Road, Suite 100-W, Boca Raton,
Florida 33431("Premier"), a corporation owned by the Selling Stockholders
(hereinafter defined), was formed to own and operate outpatient diagnostic
imaging centers (the "PET Centers") throughout the United States utilizing
positron emission tomography scanning equipment ("PET Scanning Equipment").
Premier Cyclotron International Corp., a Delaware corporation with offices at
2300 Glades Road, Suite 100-W, Boca Raton, Florida 33431("PCI"), a corporation
also owned by the Selling Stockholders, was formed to own and operate equipment
which manufactures FDG and other radioisotopes utilized in the diagnostic
imaging procedures performed by the PET Scanning Equipment.

      Premier intends to own and operate the PET Centers through separate wholly
owned subsidiary corporations. It intends to establish the first three PET
Centers in Wichita, Kansas and at two other locations to be identified prior to
or after the Closing Date (hereinafter defined). As of the date hereof, Premier
has formed, and wholly owns, Premier P.E.T. Imaging of Wichita, Inc.


Page 28

<PAGE>

Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc.
March 28. 2001
Page 2


     The Sagemark Companies, Ltd., a New York corporation with offices at 1285
Avenue of the Americas, 35th Floor, New York, New York will purchase the
Sellers' Shares from the Selling Shareholders (as such terms are hereinafter
defined) and will be hereafter referred to as "Purchaser" or "Sagemark".

     Dr. Stephen A. Schulman ("Schulman"), Tara Capital, Inc. ("Tara"), Robert
L. Blessey ("Blessey") and Dr. Robert McFarland ("McFarland") are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Selling Stockholders."

2.   Stock Purchase Agreement. Purchaser and the Selling Stockholders will enter
into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement"), pursuant to which Purchaser
will purchase from the Selling Stockholders all of the shares of the capital
stock of Premier and PCI owned by each of them (the "Sellers' Shares") in
exchange for shares of the common stock of Sagemark which are hereinafter
referred to as the "Sagemark Shares." The Sagemark Shares will be allocated
among the Selling Stockholders as follows:

     Schulman  -    60.45% of the Sagemark Shares
     Tara      -    16.275% of the Sagemark Shares
     Blessey   -    16.275% of the Sagemark Shares
     McFarland -    7% of the Sagemark Shares

     On the Closing Date, Sagemark will issue to the Selling Stockholders an
aggregate of 6,000 shares of its common stock (the "Initial Sagemark Shares").

     In addition, the Selling Stockholders will also be entitled to receive
additional shares of the common stock of Sagemark (the "Additional Sagemark
Shares") pursuant to the Agreement in the following amounts upon the following
occurrences:

     If, and to the extent each of the first six PET Centers achieves positive
EBITDA at any time during the first eighteen months of their operations,
Sagemark will issue to the Selling Stockholders an aggregate of 250,000
Additional Sagemark Shares for each of such Centers.

     References herein to the term "Sagemark Shares" shall mean the Initial
Sagemark Shares and the Additional Sagemark Shares.

      The transaction contemplated by the Agreement will be structured and
consummated as a tax-free exchange between the parties thereto. The date of
closing under the Agreement will be referred to herein as the "Closing Date."

     The Sagemark Shares will, upon the issuance thereof to the Selling
Stockholders, be "restricted" securities as defined under the Federal securities
laws and will be subject to the resale limitations of Rule 144 thereunder. The
Selling Stockholders will have customary "piggy-back"


Page 29

<PAGE>

Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc.
March 28. 2001
Page 3


registration rights and certain demand registration rights with respect to such
shares as hereinafter provided.

3.   Redemption. In the event that either all of the PET Centers discontinue
their operations or are adjudicated bankrupt within two years after the Closing
Date, Sagemark shall have the right to repurchase from the Selling Stockholders
all of the Sagemark Shares owned by them for a purchase price of One Dollar
($1.00).

4.   Capital Contribution. On the Closing Date, Sagemark will provide working
capital to Premier in the amount of $1,000,000, the proceeds of which will be
used to establish and operate the PET Centers. To the extent required, Sagemark
will guarantee Premier's obligations under any leasing or purchase agreement
between Premier and the manufacturer or supplier of the PET Scanning Equipment
or between Premier and any entity which provides financing for the acquisition
of such PET Scanning Equipment (including DVI Financial Services, Inc.).

      As part of the foregoing commitment, Sagemark will pay any commitment or
similar fee to any entity (including DVI Financial Services, Inc.) which
provides a financing commitment to Premier in connection with Premier's purchase
of the first PET Scanning Equipment for its first PET Center at any time after
the date hereof that such fee shall become due and payable. If Premier does not
execute the Agreement for any reason other than the terms thereof not being
consistent with the provisions of this Letter of Intent, Premier will repay to
Sagemark any such commitment or similar fee that may have been paid or advanced
by Sagemark pursuant to the provisions hereof. If Sagemark does not execute the
Agreement for any reason other than the terms thereof not being consistent with
the provisions of this Letter of Intent, Sagemark will forfeit, as liquidated
damages, its right to require Premier to repay any such commitment or similar
fee that may have been paid or advanced by Sagemark pursuant to the provisions
hereof.

5.   Registration Rights. Subject to Sagemark's right of redemption hereinabove
provided, the owners of the Sagemark Shares will be granted customary
"piggy-back" registration rights with respect to the Sagemark Shares. In the
event that all of the Sagemark Shares are not registered within 18 months after
the Closing Date, the owners of the Sagemark Shares will have one demand
registration right with respect thereto.

6.   Management. On the Closing Date, Dr. Stephen A. Schulman will be the Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Premier pursuant to
a three year Employment or Management Agreement to be entered into between Dr.
Schulman and Premier (the "Schulman Agreement"). Dr. Schulman shall be entitled
to such compensation thereunder as shall be approved by Sagemark, provided,
however, that he will not be entitled to any compensation during the first year
of the term thereof.


Page 30

<PAGE>

Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc.
March 28. 2001
Page 4


7.   Conditions to Closing of Agreements.

     (a) The approval of the Agreement by the respective Boards of Directors of
Sagemark, on the one hand, and Premier and PCI, on the other hand.

     (b) The absence of any material pending or threatened litigation against
Sagemark, on the one hand, or Premier and PCI, on the other hand, and the
absence of any liens or encumbrances on the capital stock of any of such
entities.

     (c)     Execution of the Schulman Agreement.

     (d) The consummation of an agreement between Premier and DVI Financial
Services, Inc. with respect to the financing for the lease or purchase of the
PET Scanning Equipment for the first PET Center in Wichita, Kansas, in form and
substance satisfactory to Sagemark.

     (e) The consummation of an agreement between Premier and Premier Health
Systems, Inc. with respect to the lease of the first PET Center to be located in
Wichita, Kansas, including construction of the facility for Premier at such
site, in form and substance satisfactory to Sagemark.

     (f) Such evaluations and independent reports or opinions with respect to
the transaction as Sagemark may require.

     (g) Formation of a Medical Advisory Board for Premier, the members of which
will be approved by Sagemark.

     (h) Satisfactory due diligence inquiry by Sagemark of Premier and its
proposed operations.

8.   Public Announcements. There shall be no press release or other public
announcement or disclosure of the transactions contemplated by this Letter of
Intent without the prior written consent of Sagemark.

9.   Brokers. There are no brokers or finders in connection with the proposed
Agreements.

10.  MISCELLANEOUS. This Letter of Intent (i) constitutes the sole and entire
agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, (ii) may only be modified or
waived by an instrument in writing signed by the party to be bound thereby,
(iii) shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors, heirs, personal representatives, administrators,
executors, and permitted


Page 31

<PAGE>

Premier P.E.T. Imaging International, Inc.
March 28. 2001
Page 5


assigns, and (iv) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
internal laws of the State of New York.

     The Letter of Intent sets forth the principal terms and conditions of the
proposed acquisition of Premier and PCI by Sagemark and is binding upon the
parties hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Sagemark is not
satisfied, for any reason, with its due diligence inquiries with respect to
Premier and PCI and their proposed operations at any time after the date hereof
or, in the event that Sagemark does not execute the Agreement, for any reason,
Sagemark shall have no obligations under this Letter of Intent or otherwise with
respect to such proposed acquisition. If the foregoing accurately reflects our
understanding and agreement with respect to the foregoing transaction, please
execute this Letter of Intent in the space provided below and return same to the
undersigned on or before March 30, 2001.

                                    Very truly yours,

                                    THE SAGEMARK COMPANIES LTD.


                                    By: /s/ EDWARD D. BRIGHT
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        Edward D. Bright, Chairman of the Board

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED
this 28th day of March, 2001

PREMIER P.E.T. IMAGING INTERNATIONAL, INC.


By: /s/ DR. STEPHEN SCHULMAN
    ---------------------------------
    Dr. Stephen Schulman
    Chairman of the Board and
    Chief Executive Officer


PREMIER CYCLOTRON INTERNATIONAL CORP.


By: /s/ DR. STEPHEN SCHULMAN
    ---------------------------------
    Dr. Stephen Schulman
    Chairman of the Board and
    Chief Executive Officer


Page 32

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>file003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>


Exhibit (21) List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant


                                      State of
Company                             Incorporation
- ----------------                    -------------
SIS Capital Corp.                   Delaware


There are no other subsidiaries with significant operations or liabilities.
However, one subsidiary (also no longer active) is involved in litigation as
discussed in Part I, Item 3. "Legal Proceedings."


Page 33
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>file004.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>


Exhibit (99.1)
Consolidated Financial Statements


The following exhibit comprises the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
as specified by Item 7 of Part II of Form 10-KSB.


Page 34

<PAGE>

                   The Sagemark Companies, Ltd. and Subsidiary
                        Consolidated Financial Statements
                                December 31, 2000



Page F-1
<PAGE>


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
The Sagemark Companies Ltd.
New York, New York


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of The Sagemark
Companies Ltd. and its subsidiary as of December 31, 2000, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
shareholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2000. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management as well
as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of The
Sagemark Companies Ltd. and its subsidiary as of December 31, 2000, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




MOORE STEPHENS, P.C.
Certified Public Accountants,

Cranford, New Jersey
March 16, 2001
[except for Note 20, as to which the date is March 28, 2001]


Page F-2

<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As of December 31, 2000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents                                      $  2,907,000
Marketable securities, current                                        3,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total current assets                                              2,910,000
Marketable securities                                                 9,000
Investment in unconsolidated affiliate                            3,410,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL ASSETS                                                   $  6,329,000
===========================================================================

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Accounts payable                                               $    194,000
Accrued payroll                                                      32,000
Income taxes payable                                                  2,000
Accrued dividends                                                    44,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total current liabilities                                           272,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (footnotes 10 and 18)

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share                            3,000
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
 (25,000,000 shares authorized, 1,664,343
 shares issued 1,584,247 shares outstanding
 as of December 31, 2000)                                            17,000
Additional paid-in-capital, common stock                         58,205,000
Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                (22,000)
Accumulated deficit                                             (51,899,000)
Less common stock in treasury, at cost                             (247,000)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total shareholders' equity                                        6,057,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                     $  6,329,000
===========================================================================

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-3
<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Years Ended December 31,                                  2000           1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Management fees, related party                     $   477,000    $        --
Loan interest, related party                           313,000        170,000
Loan interest, other                                     2,000         14,000
Loan financing fees, related party                      85,000         27,000
Loan financing fees, other                                  --         15,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenue                                          877,000        226,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating expenses:
 Salaries, payroll taxes and fringe benefits           785,000        693,000
 Related party bad debt                                700,000             --
 Professional fees                                     498,000        919,000
 Other general and administrative expenses             324,000        554,000
 Executive contract termination expense                171,000        108,000
 Consulting fees                                       140,000         18,000
 Settlement costs                                           --         38,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                             2,618,000      2,330,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss from operations                                (1,741,000)    (2,104,000)
Gain (loss) on sale of marketable securities,
 related party                                        (125,000)     2,624,000
Gain on sale of marketable securities, other           118,000        172,000
Gain on sale of related party
 non marketable securities                             369,000             --
Loss from permanently impaired investments            (950,000)            --
Interest income, investments                            53,000         60,000
Loss on disposal of fixed assets                       (68,000)            --
Value of marketable securities issued to a
 related party to extend debt guarantees               (56,000)            --
Interest expense                                        (4,000)        (5,000)
Other income                                            48,000          3,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before minority interest, share of income
 of unconsolidated affiliate and income taxes       (2,356,000)       750,000
Minority interest in income of subsidiaries                 --       (296,000)
Share of income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates   (620,000)       113,000
Income tax expense                                      (3,000)       (25,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations            (2,979,000)       542,000
Discontinued operations:
 Income from operations of discontinued segments            --        638,000
 Gain on disposal of segments
  (net of taxes of $31,000 for 1999)                        --      8,730,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                  $(2,979,000)   $ 9,910,000
=============================================================================
                                                                   (continued)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-4
<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Years Ended December 31,                                  2000           1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Amounts available to common shareholders:
Income (loss) from continuing operations, less
 preferred dividends of $22,000 for 1999           $(2,979,000)   $   520,000

Net income (loss) less preferred dividends
 of $22,000 for 1999                               $(2,979,000)   $ 9,888,000

Weighted average common shares outstanding           1,563,001      1,563,579

Basic and diluted income (loss) per common share:
 Income (loss) from continuing operations          $     (1.91)   $      0.33
 Income from operations of discontinued segment             --           0.41
 Gain on disposal of segments                               --           5.58
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income (loss)                                 $     (1.91)   $      6.32
=============================================================================
                                                                   (concluded)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-5

<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Years Ended December 31,                                  2000            1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net income (loss)                                  $(2,979,000)    $ 9,910,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other comprehensive income (expense):
 Unrealized holding gains (losses) on
  available for sale securities                        (11,000)      1,357,000
 Reversal of net unrealized holding loss
  (gain) on sale of securities                         265,000      (1,685,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total unrealized investment holding
    income (expense)                                   254,000        (328,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comprehensive income (loss)                        $(2,725,000)    $ 9,582,000
==============================================================================

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-6

<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31,                                  2000           1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Income (loss) from continuing operations           $(2,979,000)   $   542,000
Gain on disposal of segments                                --      8,730,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    (2,979,000)     9,272,000
Adjustments to reconcile income (loss) from
 continuing operations to net cash
 used in continuing operations:
  Gain on disposal of segments                              --     (8,730,000)
  (Gain) loss on sale of marketable securities,
   related party                                       125,000     (2,624,000)
   Gain on sale of marketable securities, other       (118,000)      (172,000)
   Gain on sale of related party non marketable
     Securities                                       (369,000)            --
   Loss from permanently impaired investments          950,000             --
   Loss on disposal of fixed assets                     68,000             --
   Value of marketable securities issued to a
    related party to extend debt guarantees             56,000             --
   Stock compensation portion of executive contract
    termination expense                                 51,000             --
   Related party bad debt expense                      700,000             --
   Depreciation and amortization                         9,000          8,000
   Minority interest in income of subsidiaries              --        296,000
   Share of (income) loss of unconsolidated
    Affiliates                                         620,000       (113,000)
   Other non-cash components of operating activities  (27,000)             --
   Change in assets and liabilities:
    (Increase) decrease in assets:
     Other current assets                               32,000        (15,000)
    Increase (decrease) in liabilities:
     Accounts payable                                   13,000       (271,000)
     Accrued litigation settlement costs                    --       (843,000)
     Accrued payroll and related expenses               28,000        (27,000)
     Accrued interest                                   (8,000)         3,000
     Income taxes payable                              (46,000)       (53,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in continuing operations                (895,000)    (3,269,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from operations of discontinued segments             --        638,000
Adjustments to reconcile income from
 discontinued operations to net cash
 used by discontinued operations:
  Net change in assets and liabilities                      --       (680,000)
  Depreciation and amortization                             --             --
Net cash used in discontinued operations                    --        (42,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in operating activities                 (895,000)    (3,311,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   (continued)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-7

<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31,                                  2000           1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from sale of marketable securities,
 related party                                         338,000      3,497,000
Proceeds from sale of marketable securities, other     309,000      9,052,000
Proceeds from sale of related party
 non marketable securities                             369,000             --
Investment in marketable securities                         --     (5,607,000)
Investment in related party
 non marketable securities                                  --       (950,000)
Subscription payments for investment in
 unconsolidated affiliate                           (2,453,000)            --
Collections from notes receivable repayments,
 related party                                       3,828,000         36,000
Collections from notes receivable
 repayments, other                                     689,000             --
Advances made on notes receivable,
 related party                                      (1,132,000)      (868,000)
Advances made on notes receivable, other                    --       (689,000)
Net proceeds from disposal of segments                      --        855,000
Capital expenditures                                    (5,000)       (79,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by investing activities            1,943,000      5,247,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Purchase treasury stock                                     --       (129,000)
Payment of discontinued segments debt obligations           --        (93,000)
Payment for fractional shares upon 1-for-30
 reverse split                                              --        (33,000)
Payments on capital lease obligations                   (1,000)            --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in financing activities                   (1,000)      (255,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents            1,047,000      1,681,000
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year       1,860,000        179,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year           $ 2,907,000    $ 1,860,000
=============================================================================

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Cash paid during the year for:
Interest                                           $    12,000    $     2,000

Income taxes                                       $    49,000    $   109,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   (continued)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-8

<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES

During the year ended December 31, 2000:

In connection with the resignation of an officer of the Company, such officer
received 24,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock, having a value of $51,000.
This non-cash executive termination expense was charged to operations for 2000.

In consideration of Trans Global's extension of a debt guarantee which the
Company had previously given to Trans Global on obligations owed to Trans Global
by Arc, the Company transferred to Trans Global, shares of Trans Global's common
stock which the Company then owned having a value of $56,000.

During 2000, the Company transferred marketable securities valued at $1,577,000
to Sagemark Capital in payment of a portion of its capital contribution
commitment owed to Sagemark Capital.

During the year ended December 31, 1999:

As of December 31, 1998, Arc Networks was a consolidated subsidiary and a $2
million note receivable balance, advanced by the Company to Arc Networks, was
eliminated in consolidation. As of December 31 1999, the Company has sold all of
its equity investment in Arc Networks, and accordingly, the note receivable
balance was not eliminated, resulting in a non-cash increase in notes receivable
for 1999.

During 1999, the Company capitalized a lease obligation having a net present
value approximating $4,000, resulting in a non-cash increase to furniture and
fixtures.

                                                                  (concluded)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-9

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)
Years Ended December 31, 1998 through December 31, 2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            Addi-   Accumulated
                     Pref-                                 tional     Other                                  Total
                     erred     Common            Common    Paid-in    Compre-                    Less        Share-
                     Shares    Shares    Pref-   Stock,    Capital,   hensive      Accumu-      Common       holders'
                      Out-      Out-     erred   Par       Common,    Income       lated       Stock in      Equity
                    standing  standing   Stock   Value     Stock      (Loss)      Deficit      Treasury     (Deficit)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>      <C>           <C>      <C>            <C>          <C>
BALANCE,
 December 31, 1998    2,962  1,635,133  $3,000 $16,000  $58,188,000   $52,000  $(58,808,000)  $(118,000)   $ (667,000)
Fractional shares
 adjustment and
 payment on
 1-for-30
 reverse split          --      5,210      --       --      (33,000)       --            --          --       (33,000)
Unrealized Investment
 Holding Losses         --         --      --       --           --  (328,000)           --          --      (328,000)
Net income              --         --      --       --           --        --     9,910,000          --     9,910,000
Preferred Dividends     --         --      --       --           --        --       (22,000)         --       (22,000)
Cost of treasury
 shares acquired        --         --      --       --           --        --            --    (129,000)     (129,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE,
 December 31, 1999   2,962  1,640,343   3,000   16,000   58,155,000  (276,000)  (48,920,000)   (247,000)    8,731,000
Issuance of common
 shares to officer
 upon his resignation   --     24,000      --    1,000       50,000        --            --          --        51,000
Unrealized Investment
 holding gains          --         --      --       --           --   254,000            --          --       254,000
Net loss                --         --      --       --           --        --    (2,979,000)         --    (2,979,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE,
 December 31, 200    2,962  1,664,343  $3,000  $17,000  $58,205,000  $(22,000) $(51,899,000)  $(247,000)   $6,057,000
======================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Page F-10
<PAGE>

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. and Subsidiary
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Nature of Operations

The Sagemark Companies Ltd. ("Sagemark", the "Company" or the "Registrant"),
(formerly Consolidated Technology Group Ltd., formerly Sequential Information
Systems, Inc.) is a New York corporation organized in 1961. The Company is a
publicly held holding company which had controlling interests, (either directly
or indirectly through its wholly owned subsidiary, SIS Capital Corp. ("SISC")),
in consolidated subsidiaries operating in various business segments throughout
the United States. During the period from 1997 through 1999, the Company
discontinued all such operating segments.

During 2000 Sagemark operated as a financial services company and through
Sagemark Capital LP ("Sagemark Capital"), a partnership in which Sagemark holds
a 61.5% limited partnership interest, made investments and loans to companies
engaged in e-commerce, telecommunications, and human resources outsourcing.
Sagemark Capital operates as a Small Business Investment Company ("SBIC")
pursuant to a license awarded to it by the Small Business Administration ("SBA")
on May 23, 2000.

In addition to its investments made through Sagemark Capital, in 1999 and 2000
Sagemark made non-controlling, direct investments and loans to two privately
held e-commerce companies, Gavelnet.com, Inc. ("Gavelnet") and JewlersEdge.com,
Inc. ("JewlersEdge").

On November 20, 2000, the Company entered into an agreement that, among other
things, effectuated an agreed upon change of management (see footnote (2)
"Change of Control and Management of the Company"). Simultaneously with the
execution of such agreement, Sagemark entered into a purchase agreement whereby
it sold all of its equity interest in Gavelnet and JewelersEdge to a company
owned by members of the former management team (see footnote (7) "Investments in
Related Party Non Marketable Securities").

As more fully described in footnote (20) "Subsequent Events", on March 28, 2001
the Company entered into a Letter of Intent in order to confirm the principal
terms and conditions of a proposed acquisition of Premier P.E.T. Imaging
International, Inc. ("Premier") and Premier Cyclotron International Corp.
("PCI") by the Company. Premier was formed to engage in the ownership and
operation of outpatient diagnostic imaging centers throughout the United States
utilizing positron emission tomography scanning equipment ("PET Scanning
Equipment"). PCI was formed to own and operate equipment which manufactures
flouro-deoxy-glucose and other radioisotopes utilized in the diagnostic imaging
procedures performed by the PET Scanning Equipment.

Until such time, if ever, that the proposed acquisition of Premier and PCI is
consummated, or until such time as the Company acquires or organizes another
operating entity, it will have no operating entity. In the absence of an
applicable exemption or administrative relief, the Company might be required to
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the "1940 Act"), because more than 40% of the value of its assets
exclusive of government securities, cash and temporary investments would be
deemed invested in securities of companies which are not majority owned
subsidiaries of the Company. The Company would then be subject to the
restrictions and limitations imposed by the 1940 Act on the activities of
registered investment companies, which may have a material adverse affect on the
Company.


Page F-11

<PAGE>

Principles of Consolidation - The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary SISC. The
Company's limited partnership investment in Sagemark Capital is accounted by the
equity method because the Company no longer has effective control. All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Cash and Cash Equivalents - The Company considers all highly liquid instruments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
equivalents. As of December 31, 2000, all of the Company's cash and cash
equivalents represent bank deposits.

Marketable Securities - All of the Company's investments that are classified as
marketable securities have readily determinable fair values, are categorized as
available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses
are recorded as a separate component of stockholders' equity and are included in
the statement of other comprehensive income (loss). Additionally,
available-for-sale investments that are deemed to be permanently impaired are
written down to fair market value and such write down is charged to earnings as
a realized loss. As of December 31, 2000 the marketable securities that are
classified as current assets represent the fair market value of the Companies
freely tradable shares of Trans Global Services, Inc. and the marketable
securities classified as long-term assets represent the fair market value of the
Companies restricted shares of Quest Products, Inc.

Long-Lived Assets - Long-lived assets are reviewed for possible impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
such assets may not be recoverable. If such review indicates that the carrying
amount of long-lived assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such
assets is reduced to the estimated recoverable value. Based on this evaluation,
as of December 31, 2000, the balances as reported in the accompanying balance
sheet are expected to be fully recoverable. However, it is at least reasonably
possible that management's estimate of future recoverability may change in the
near term, thus resulting in an acceleration in or complete write-off of certain
long-lived assets. On September 30, 2000 the Company wrote-off its $950,000
investment in Gavelnet.

Revenue Recognition - The Company recognized management fees pursuant to the
terms of an agreement between the Company and Sagemark Capital's general
partner, Sagemark Management, LLC ("Sagemark Management") (see footnote (17)
"Related Party Transactions"). The Company recognizes loan financing fees and
loan interest income pursuant to the terms of the underlying loan agreements.

Income Taxes - The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and
liability approach. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if
necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence,
management does not expect to be realized.

Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share -Basic earnings (loss) per share
reflects the amount of earnings or loss for the period available to each share
of common stock outstanding during the reporting period. For 1999, income
available to common stockholders includes a reduction for accrued dividends of
$22,000. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects basic earnings (loss) per
share, while giving effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were
outstanding during the period, such as common shares that could result from the
potential exercise or conversion of securities into common stock. The
computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume conversion, exercise,
or contingent issuance of securities that would have an antidilutive effect on
earnings per share (i.e. increasing earnings per share or reducing loss per
share).


Page F-12

<PAGE>

The dilutive effect of outstanding options and warrants and their equivalents
are reflected in dilutive earnings per share by the application of the treasury
stock method which recognizes the use of proceeds that could be obtained upon
the exercise of options and warrants in computing diluted earnings per share. It
assumes that any proceeds would be used to purchase common stock at the average
market price of the common stock during the period. As of December 31, 2000 and
1999, the Company does not have any dilutive items and a dual presentation of
earnings per share is not presented.

Pursuant to the 1999 Long-term Incentive Plan the Company issued an aggregate of
710,000 employee stock options of which options to purchase 670,000 shares at
$4.20 per share were outstanding from April 20, 1999 through November 20, 2000,
options to purchase 20,000 shares at $3.63 per share were outstanding from
January 24, 2000 through November 20, 2000 and options to purchase 20,000 shares
at $3.63 per share were outstanding from June 21, 2000 through November 20,
2000.

An option issued to a director of the Company to purchase 5,000 shares of common
stock at $7.50 was outstanding for all of 2000 and 1999 and an option to
purchase 3,333 shares of common stock at $4.50 per share was outstanding from
April 22, 1999 through the end of 2000.

A warrant, which expired unexercised on October 1, 1999, to purchase 33,333
shares of common stock at $22.50 per share was outstanding for the first nine
months of 1999. None of the aforementioned options and warrants were included in
the computation of diluted loss per common share because the related exercise
prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares for the
periods while they were outstanding.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments - Generally accepted accounting principles
require disclosing the fair value of financial instruments to the extent
practicable for financial instruments, which are recognized or unrecognized in
the balance sheet. The fair value of the financial instruments disclosed herein
is not necessarily representative of the amount that could be realized or
settled, nor does the fair value amount consider the tax consequences of
realization or settlement. In assessing the fair value of these financial
instruments, the Company used a variety of methods and assumptions, which were
based on estimates of market conditions and risks existing at that time. For
certain instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, notes receivable and
other current liabilities, it was estimated that the carrying amount
approximated fair value for the majority of these instruments because of their
short maturity. For investments in marketable securities, fair value is
estimated based on current quoted market price. The fair value of the Company's
investment in unconsolidated affiliate is estimated to approximate its equity
method balance.

Concentration of Credit Risk - Financial instruments, which potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk, are cash and cash equivalents and
notes receivable arising from normal business activities. The Company routinely
assesses the financial strength of its debtors and based upon factors
surrounding the credit risk of its customers, establishes an allowance for
uncollectible accounts, when appropriate, and as a consequence, believes that
its notes receivable credit risk exposure beyond such allowances is limited. The
Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high credit quality financial
institutions. The amount on deposit in any one institution that exceeds
federally insured limits is subject to credit risk. As of December 31, 2000 the
Company had $2,806,000 of cash balances in excess of federally insured limits.


Page F-13

<PAGE>

Stock Options and Similar Equity Instruments - The Company adopted the
disclosure requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
No. 123, "Accounting for Stock Based Compensation," for stock options and
similar equity instruments (collectively "Options") issued to employees. SFAS
No. 123 allows for the option of recording stock options to employees using
Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25 "Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees" while disclosing the effects, on a pro forma basis, of using SFAS
No. 123 in the footnotes to the financial statements. The Company will continue
to apply the intrinsic value based method of accounting for options issued to
employees prescribed by APB Opinion No. 25, rather than the fair value based
method of accounting prescribed by SFAS No. 123. SFAS No. 123 also applies to
transactions in which an entity issues its equity instruments to acquire goods
or services from non-employees. Those transactions must be accounted for based
on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity
instruments issued whichever is more reliably measurable.

Use of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Reclassifications - Certain 1999 items have been reclassified to conform to the
December 31, 2000 presentation.

(2) Change of Control and Management of the Company

On November 20, 2000, the Company and Frank DeLape and Richard Young entered
into a transition agreement (the "Transition Agreement") with Edward D. Bright,
acting on his own behalf and on behalf of certain shareholders of the Company.
The Transition Agreement was consummated in order to effectuate an agreed upon
change of management. The Transition Agreement provides for, among other things,
the termination of the existing employment and stock option agreements between
the Company and Frank DeLape and Richard Young, the issuance to Frank DeLape of
24,000 shares of the Company's common stock (valued at $51,000) in consideration
of the return and cancellation of certain stock options previously issued to
Frank DeLape by the Company, the payment to Richard Young of $60,000 of
severance compensation and $60,000 as compensation for consulting services to be
provided during the first 90 days after the execution of the Transition
Agreement and the resignation of Frank DeLape, Richard Young and Steve Jones as
officers and directors of the Company and all of its subsidiaries.

Edward D. Bright and Theodore B. Shapiro were appointed to the Company's Board
of Directors pursuant to the terms of the Transition Agreement to fill the
vacancies created by the resignations of Frank DeLape and Richard Young.


Page F-14

<PAGE>

(3) Notes Receivable, Related Party

As of December 31, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------
 JewelersEdge                         $ 280,000
 Joseph Sicinski                        420,000
- -----------------------------------------------
                                        700,000
Allowance for doubtful accounts        (700,000)
- -----------------------------------------------
                                      $      --
===============================================

The following table summarizes the changes in the allowance for doubtful
accounts.

Years ended December 31,                   2000        1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------
Beginning of period                    $     --          --
Current provision                       700,000          --
Write-offs                                   --          --
- -----------------------------------------------------------
Net income                             $700,000          --
===========================================================

(a) JewelersEdge - In March 2000, the Company loaned JewelersEdge $250,000
pursuant to a note bearing interest at 13% per annum with principal due thirteen
months from the date of execution. In June 2000, the Company advanced
JewelersEdge $3,000 through a convertible note receivable. Mr. Frank DeLape, is
the beneficial owner of 24.3% of the common stock of JewelersEdge, and is a
director of JewelersEdge. During 2000 the Company earned $26,000 of interest
income and $10,000 of financing fees on the JewelersEdge note. As of December
31, 2000, the outstanding principal and accrued interest owed on the JewlersEdge
note receivable aggregated $280,000. On February 14, 2001, the Company received
notification from JewlersEdge that, among other things, it had discontinued its
operations. As a result, effective December 31, 2000, the Company recorded a
reserve for $280,000, representing all amounts owed to the Company by
JewelersEdge.

(b) Joseph Sicinski - In 1997, SISC sold 258,333 common shares of Trans Global
Services, Inc. ("Trans Global"), a former subsidiary of the Company, to Joseph
Sicinski, the president of Trans Global, for $1.67 per share, the fair market
value of the Trans Global common stock on the date of sale. Payment by Joseph
Sicinski for such shares is evidenced by his $420,000, non-interest bearing,
promissory note due in 2002, the Sicinski Note. Pursuant to the terms of the
Sicinski Note, the Company's only recourse against Sicinksi is the underlying
shares which he purchased. Based on the significant decrease in the value of the
underlying Trans Global shares, the Company recorded a reserve of $420,000 on
December 31, 2000.

(c) Arc Networks - On September 6, 2000 the Company received from Arc Networks,
Inc. ("Arc") $3,053,000 representing payment of all principal and accrued
interest then due from Arc pursuant to Arc's outstanding promissory note to the
Company. During 1999, the Company received warrants to purchase common stock of
InfoHighway Communications Corporation ("InfoHighway"), Arc's parent, in
consideration for the Company extending the repayment date of the Arc note. Such
warrants were sold to InfoHighway in September 2000. In connection with the Arc
note the Company earned interest income of $287,000 and $170,000 for 2000 and
1999, respectively, and earned financing fees of $75,000 and $27,000 for 2000
and 1999, respectively.


Page F-15

<PAGE>

(4) Notes Receivable, Other

On January 10, 2000 the Company received from William Baquet $690,000
representing payment of all principal and accrued interest then due from William
Baquet pursuant to William Baquet's outstanding promissory note to the Company.
In connection with the William Baquet note, the Company earned interest income
of $2,000 and $14,000 for 2000 and 1999, respectively, and earned financing fees
of $15,000 for 1999.

(5) Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliates

(a) Sagemark Capital - Pursuant to the terms of the limited partnership
agreement dated November 30, 1999, between the Company and Sagemark Management,
(the "Sagemark Capital Partnership Agreement"), the Company is committed to make
$4,920,000 in capital contributions to Sagemark Capital. As of December 31,
2000, the Company has paid on such commitments $4,587,000 (of which $1,577,000
represents the fair value of marketable securities transferred to Sagemark
Capital, $557,000 represents expenses paid on behalf of Sagemark Capital in 1999
and $2,453,000 represents cash payments made during 2000), leaving a
subscription payable balance of $333,000.

As part to the Company's change in management pursuant to the Transition
Agreement, it entered into an agreement with Sagemark Management on November 20,
2000 (the "General Partner Letter Agreement") whereby Sagemark Management, in
its capacity as general partner of Sagemark Capital, agreed not to have the
Company contribute the $333,000 balance of its $4,920,000 capital contribution
commitment until the following conditions occur: (i) All other limited partners
of Sagemark Capital must fund the same percentage of their total capital
contribution commitment as the Company has funded; (ii) Sagemark Capital must
have drawn down or otherwise received all funds to which the SBA determines it
is entitled based upon Sagemark Capital's total capital contributions,
calculated after condition (i) above has been met; and, (iii) all capital
contributions and investment funds referred to in (i) and (ii) above must be
fully invested by Sagemark Capital. The General Partner Letter Agreement also
precludes Sagemark Management from offsetting any amounts owed by the Company to
Sagemark Capital against the Company's capital account and requires Sagemark
Management, upon written request, to appoint Theodore B. Shapiro to the advisory
board of Sagemark Capital.

The Company will continue to own its limited partnership interest in Sagemark
Capital (61.5% as of December 31, 2000), and Sagemark Capital will continue to
be managed by Sagemark Management; but, by virtue of the resignation of Frank
DeLape and Richard Young as officers and directors of the Company, the Company
will have a limited say in the day to day operations of Sagemark Capital,
requiring the Company to report Sagemark Capital as an unconsolidated affiliate
using the equity method. The Company's investment balance in Sagemark Capital,
under the equity method is presented in the following table.

As of December 31, 2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Total Subscription                                $4,920,000
Subscriptions payable                               (333,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Capital contributions paid-in                      4,587,000
Expenses allocated to Sagemark Capital in 1999      (557,000)
Equity method loss in 2000                          (620,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Equity method investment balance                  $3,410,000
============================================================


Page F-16

<PAGE>

The condensed results of operations and financial position of Sagemark Capital
is summarized in the following table.

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Income                              $   603,000           --
Operating expenses                     (789,000)          --
Investment losses                      (822,000)          --
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Net loss                            $(1,008,000)          --
============================================================

As of December 31, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------
Investments at fair value           $ 7,483,000
Other assets                            382,000
SAB debentures                       (2,555,000)
Other liabilities                      (306,000)
- -----------------------------------------------
Partnership capital                 $ 5,004,000
===============================================

(b) Netsmart Technologies, Inc. - As of January 1, 1999, the Company had an
investment in Netsmart Technologies, Inc. ("Netsmart") that was accounted for
using the equity method. On March 25, 1999, the Company reduced its ownership in
Netsmart to approximately 10% at which point the investment in Netsmart no
longer qualified for treatment as an equity method investment and was converted
to a marketable security. During the period from January 1, 1999 through March
25, 1999, the Company's equity method share of Netsmart's income was $113,000.

(6) Marketable Securities

The Company's investment in marketable securities is detailed in the following
tables.

As of December 31, 2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Current:
Trans Global, common at cost                         $31,000
Unrealized holding loss                              (28,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Market value                                         $ 3,000
============================================================

As of December 31, 2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term:
Restricted securities at cost                        $38,000
Realized loss for permanent decline in value,
 recognized in 1998                                  (36,000)
Unrealized holding gain                                7,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Market value                                         $ 9,000
============================================================


Page F-17

<PAGE>

The change in net unrealized holding loss on marketable securities is summarized
in the following table.

As of December 31, 2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Beginning balance                                  $(276,000)
Current net change in unrealized holding loss        (11,000)
Reversal of net unrealized holding loss on sale
 of securities                                       265,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Ending balance                                     $ (22,000)
============================================================

The calculation of the gain on sale of marketable securities is summarized on
the following table.

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Related party:
 Proceeds on sale:
  Trans Global                        $ 394,000   $       --
  Netsmart                                   --    3,497,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Total proceeds                          394,000    3,497,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
 Cost basis:
  Trans Global                          519,000           --
  Netsmart                                   --      873,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Total cost basis                        519,000      873,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Gain (loss) on sales                  $(125,000)  $2,624,000
============================================================

Other:
Proceeds on sale:
 I-Link , Inc.                        $ 119,000   $       --
 CD's                                   190,000       95,000
 Bonds                                       --      528,000
 U.S. T-Bills                                --    8,429,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Total proceeds                          309,000    9,052,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Cost basis:
 I-Link, Inc.                             1,000           --
 CD's                                   190,000       95,000
 Bonds                                       --      524,000
 U.S. T-Bills                                --    8,261,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Total cost basis                        191,000    8,880,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Gain on sale                          $ 118,000   $  172,000
============================================================


Page F-18

<PAGE>

The proceeds related to the sale of the Trans Global securities includes $56,000
representing the value of Trans Global shares transferred to Trans Global in
consideration of Trans Global's extension of a debt guarantee which the Company
had previously given to Trans Global on obligations owed to Trans Global by Arc.
All other proceeds listed represent cash. The cost basis used in calculating
gain or loss on security sales is based on the average cost of all shares of
each such security held at the date of sale.

(7) Related Party Non-Marketable Securities

(a) Gavelnet - On September 7, 1999, the Company acquired 100,000 12%
convertible preferred shares of Gavelnet (the "Gavelnet Shares") for $950,000.
Concurrent with the Company's investment in Gavelnet, Technology Acquisitions
Ltd. ("TAL") invested $1 million under substantially the same terms. Prior to
the Company's investment in Gavelnet, certain affiliates and related parties of
Benchmark Equity Group ("Benchmark") acquired approximately 4.1 million common
shares, on a fully diluted basis, of Gavelnet for financial investments and
services rendered that enabled Gavelnet to clear significant hurdles in
validating its business model. Benchmark is a privately held company wholly
owned by Frank DeLape, Sagemark's Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board from April 20, 1999 until November 20, 2000, which also holds 100% of
TAL's voting stock. In September 2000, the Company recorded a permanent
investment write-off of its $950,000 investment as a result of its review of the
realizable value of the Gavelnet Shares. On November 20, 2000, the Company sold
the Gavelnet Shares (see paragraph(c) which follows).

(b) JewlersEdge - In March 2000, the Company received warrants to purchase
137,500 shares of JewelersEdge common stock (the "JewelersEdge Shares") in
connection with a loan made to JewelersEdge (see footnote (3) "Notes Receivable,
Related Party"). Prior to September 30, 2000 the Company exercised such warrant
and purchased the shares at a nominal price. On November 20, 2000, the Company
sold the JewelersEdge Shares (see paragraph(c) which follows).

(c) Sale of Gavelnet and JewlersEdge Shares - On November 20, 2000,
simultaneously with the execution of the Transition Agreement, the Company and
Gemini VII, Inc. ("Gemini") entered into a stock purchase agreement pursuant to
which Sagemark sold the Gavelnet and JewelersEdge Shares for $3,500,000 (the
"Purchase Price"). Gemini is a company with negligible assets and liabilities
which is owned by Frank DeLape and Richard Young. The Purchase Price was paid by
Gemini's non-interest bearing, non-negotiable promissory note (the "Gemini
Note") due on the later of November 30, 2009 or the date of expiration of the
term of the Sagemark Capital Partnership Agreement.

The Gemini Note requires mandatory prepayments as follows: (i) if Sagemark
Management receives distributions from Sagemark Capital, than 50% of such
distributions must be prepaid on the Gemini Note (less any applicable taxes and
less up to 33% of such distribution as may be payable to a member of Sagemark
Management) or (ii) if Gemini receives proceeds from the sale of any or all of
its shares of Gavelnet or JewlersEdge, the full extent of such proceeds must be
used to prepay the Gemini Note. The Gemini Note is with recourse to Gemini only
to the extent of any breach of such mandatory prepayment provisions and the
principal amount of the Gemini Note will be reduced at the maturity date by an
amount equal to the difference between the purchase price and the aggregate
amount of all such distribution and sales proceeds actually received prior to
the maturity date. The obligations of Gemini under the Gemini Note, to the
extent that there is recourse against Gemini, is severally personally guaranteed
by Frank DeLape and Richard Young, but only to the extent that either of such
individuals receives the


Page F-19

<PAGE>

proceeds of any such distributions (less the amount of all applicable Federal,
state and local taxes computed at the maximum applicable tax rate).

There is no assurance that any such distribution or sale proceeds will be
received or, if so, when and to what extent and as a result of such
contingencies, the Company has not recorded any receivable or gain related to
its sale of the Gavelnet and JewlersEdge Shares.

(d) InfoHighways - During 1999, the Company received warrants to purchase common
stock of InfoHighway in consideration for the Company's extending the repayment
date of the Arc note. Such warrants were sold to InfoHighway in September 2000
for $369,000 representing the 2000 gain on sale of related party non marketable
securities.

(8) Furniture and Fixtures and Capitalized Lease

As part of the change in control and management of the Company, all furniture
and fixtures of the Company as of November 20, 2000, the date of the Transition
Agreement and Partnership Letter Agreement, were transferred to Sagemark
Management. The net book value of the furniture and fixtures on November 20,
2000 was $71,000. During the period from January 1, 2000 through November 20,
2000 the Company incurred capital expenditures of $4,000 and recorded $9,000 of
depreciation and amortization expense. Pursuant to the Partnership Letter
Agreement, Sagemark Management assumed all of the Company's capital lease
obligations having a net present value of $3,000. As a result of the above, the
Company recorded a loss on disposal of fixed assets of $68,000.

(9) Income Taxes

Federal and state taxes are summarized in the following table.

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Federal:
 Current                                 $   --      $17,000
 Deferred                                    --           --
State:
 Current                                  3,000        8,000
 Deferred                                    --           --
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                    $3,000      $25,000
============================================================


Page F-20

<PAGE>

Deferred taxes based upon differences between the financial statement and tax
basis of assets and liabilities and available tax carry-forwards are summarized
in the following table.

As of December 31, 2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Net operating loss carry-forward                 $14,080,000
Unrealized holding (gain) loss                         8,000
Related party bad debt provision                     245,000
Alternative minimum tax credit carry-forward          17,000
Impaired investment write-off                        333,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Net deferred tax asset                            14,683,000
Valuation allowance                               14,683,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 $        --
============================================================

The valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets decreased by $284,000. The
net reduction was the result of increased change in net temporary differences of
$831,000 offset by the expiration of $1,115,000 of net operating loss
carryforwards. Based upon the level of historical tax losses, the Company has
established the valuation allowance against the entire net deferred tax asset.

As of December 31, 2000, the Company has net operating loss carry-forwards
approximating $44,662,000. Pursuant to section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code,
utilization of these losses may be limited if substantial changes in the Company
ownership were to occur

The Company's net operating loss carry-forwards at December 31, 2000 expire as
outlined in the following table.

Year carry-forward expires                Amount
- ------------------------------------------------
2001                                 $   736,000
2002                                   2,809,000
2003                                     372,000
2004                                     305,000
2005                                     299,000
2006                                     246,000
2007                                     206,000
2008                                   1,505,000
2009                                   4,482,000
2010                                   6,241,000
2011                                   4,413,000
2012                                   7,017,000
2018                                  15,059,000
2020                                     972,000
- ------------------------------------------------
Total                                $44,662,000
================================================


Page F-21

<PAGE>

The following table reconciles the statutory federal income tax rate to the
effective rate.

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Statutory federal income tax rate         (35.0%)       35.0%
Increase in (utilization of) net
 operating loss carry-forward              33.9        (24.9)
Permanent differences                       1.1         (6.4)
Effective state tax rate                    0.0         (0.4)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Effective income tax rate                   0.0%         3.3%
============================================================

(10) Commitments and Contingencies

(a) Operating Lease Obligations

Since November 20, 2000, the Company's executive offices have been located in
New York, NY, which it leases on a month-to-month basis for $500 per month. From
April 20, 1999 until November 20, 2000, the Company's executive offices were in
Houston, TX, which the Company leased from Benchmark for $1,200 per month.
Rental expense for 2000 and 1999 was $17,000 and $52,000, respectively.

(b) Employment Agreements

Pursuant to the Transition Agreement, the Company terminated its employment
agreements with Frank DeLape and Richard Young as of November 20, 2000.

On March 7, 2001, the Board of Directors approved and ratified the terms of
employment arrangements between the Registrant and Theodore B. Shapiro and
Edward D. Bright.

The terms of Mr. Shapiro's employment include the appointment of Mr. Shapiro as
the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, on a month-to-month basis,
at an annual base salary of $100,000, plus certain fringe benefits and expense
allowances. Mr. Shapiro's annual base salary is subject to increase to $200,000
per year at such time as the Company consummates an acquisition of the business
of another entity. In addition, Mr. Shapiro was granted a warrant to purchase up
to 125,000 shares of the Company 's common stock during a term of five years at
an exercise price of $1.125 per share (the "Warrant"), which exercise price
reflects the market price of the Company 's common stock on March 7, 2001, the
date of grant of the Warrant. Mr. Shapiro was also granted a warrant to purchase
up to an additional 150,000 shares of the Company 's common stock during a term
of five years at an exercise price of $1.125 per share (the "Incentive
Warrant"), which exercise price reflects the market price of the Company 's
common stock on March 7, 2001, the date of grant of the Incentive Warrant. The
Incentive Warrant cannot, however, be exercised unless and until the Company
consummates an acquisition of the business of another entity. The shares of
common stock subject to the Warrant and the Incentive Warrant have "piggy-back"
and demand registration rights.

The terms of Mr. Bright's employment include the appointment of Mr. Bright as
the Company 's Chairman of the Board, on a month-to-month basis, at an annual
base salary of $50,000, plus certain fringe benefits and expense allowances. Mr.
Bright's annual base salary is subject to quarterly review by the Board of
Directors. In addition, Mr. Bright was granted a warrant to purchase up to
50,000 shares of the Company 's common stock during a


Page F-22

<PAGE>

term of five years at an exercise price of $1.125 per share, which exercise
price reflects the market price of the Company's common stock on March 7, 2001,
the date of grant of such warrant. The shares of common stock subject to the
warrant have "piggy-back" and demand registration rights.

On March 4, 2001, the Company entered into a letter agreement to employ George
W. Mahoney as its Chief Financial Officer for a period of 3 years at an annual
base salary of $70,000 per year. Per the terms of the letter agreement it is the
intention of the parties to enter into a definitive employment agreement whereby
Mr. Mahoney would receive an annual base salary of $140,000. In the event that
the Company does not consummate an acquisition of another business by February
28, 2002, the Company may terminate this agreement upon ten days notice to Mr.
Mahoney. In the event that the Company does not consummate an acquisition of
another business by September 1, 2001 and does not enter into a definitive
Employment Agreement with Mr. Mahoney by September 1, 2001, Mr. Mahoney may
terminate this agreement upon thirty days notice to the Company.

(c) Debt Guarantees

Trans Global was the holder of a $1.2 million promissory note issued by Arc. The
Company guaranteed the outstanding indebtedness of Arc to Trans Global. In
addition, during 1998, the Company guaranteed $550,000 of indebtedness that Arc
had outstanding under a promissory note to Batei Sefer Limlacha. On September 6,
2000, InfoHighway paid, on behalf of Arc, all outstanding indebtedness of Arc to
Trans Global and Batei Sefer Limlacha. Effective upon such payments by
InfoHighway, the Company's aforementioned guaranties were canceled and are no
longer in force or effect. Prior to InfoHighway's payment of Arc's obligation to
Trans Global, the Company transferred to Trans Global, in consideration of Trans
Global's extension of the maturity date of such obligation, 50,000 shares of its
Trans Global common shares valued at $56,000.

(13) Capital Stock

Common Stock - As of December 31, 2000, the authorized number of shares of
common stock, par value $0.01, is 25,000,000 shares of which 1,664,343 shares
are issued, 1,584,247 shares are outstanding and 80,096 shares are held in
treasury. On July 22, 1999, the stockholders of the Company approved a reduction
of the Company's authorized number of common shares from 50,000,000 to
25,000,000 and approved a 1-for-30 reverse split of its common stock. All share
and per share amounts in the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto
have been restated to give effect to the reverse split. In order to effectuate
the reverse split, 5,210 common shares were issued representing the net impact
of rounding fractional shares and the Company paid $33,000 to fractional
shareholders.

Pursuant to the Transition Agreement the Company issued to Frank DeLape, 24,000
shares of its common stock (valued at $51,000) in consideration of the return
and cancellation of certain stock options previously issued to Frank DeLape.

Preferred Stock - As of December 31, 2000, the authorized number of shares of
undesignated preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share, is 2,000,000 shares of
which the following 2,962 are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2000:


Page F-23

<PAGE>

Series B (170 shares issued and outstanding) - The Series B subordinated
preferred stock is redeemable at the option of the Company at the issue price of
$87.50 per share. Each share is entitled to a $3.50 annual dividend, which is
contingent upon after tax earnings in excess of $200,000. In the event of
involuntary liquidation, the holders receive $87.50 per share and all accrued
dividends. Accumulated dividends on the Series B Preferred stock as of December
31, 2000 approximated $1,000. No dividends were declared for 2000 and 1999.

Series E (92 shares issued and outstanding) - The Series E preferred stock is
entitled to an annual dividend of $.10 per share contingent upon after tax
earnings in excess of $200,000. Accumulated dividends on the Series E preferred
stock as of December 31, 2000 approximated $18. No dividends were declared for
2000 and 1999.

Series F (2,700 shares issued and outstanding) - In consideration for certain
creditors granting extensions on former Company debts, the Company issued, in
1984, 2,700 shares of preferred stock at $1.00 per share. The nonvoting
preferred stock, designated Series F, with a dividend rate of $8.00 per share,
is redeemable at the option of the Company after July 1993 for $1.00 per share.
The dividend is non-cumulative and is payable within 100 days from the close of
any year in which net income after tax exceeds $500,000, and all dividends due
on the Series B preferred stock are paid or provided for. Accumulated dividends
on the Series F preferred stock as of December 31, 2000 approximated $43,000. No
dividends were declared for 2000 and 1999.

(14) Treasury Stock

In October 1998, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase its
common stock in unsolicited open market transactions in amounts of up to
$500,000. As of December 31, 2000, the Company had repurchased 80,096 shares in
transactions with an aggregate value of $247,000. The following table summarizes
the treasury share changes for 2000 and 1999.

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Beginning of year                        80,096       39,549
Stock purchases                              --       40,547
Stock issuances                              --           --
- ------------------------------------------------------------
End of year                              80,096       80,096
============================================================

On March 7, 2001, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of shares of
the Registrant's common stock in unrestricted open market transactions, subject
to the aggregate purchase price for such shares not exceeding $25,000.

(15) Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant

On September 30, 1994, in connection with the financing of the Company's
acquisition of International Magnetic Imaging, Inc., the Company issued to a
financing company, a warrant to purchase 33,333 shares of the Company's common
stock at an exercise price of $0.75 per share. The warrant expired unexercised
on October 1, 1999.


Page F-24

<PAGE>

(16) Stock Option Plans

On July 22, 1999, the stockholder's of the Company approved the 1999 long-term
incentive plan. Pursuant to the plan, in 2000 and 1999 the Company issued, in
the aggregate, options to purchase 40,000 and 673,333 shares, respectively, of
the Company's common stock. Additionally, in 1998, a former director of the
Company received an option to purchase 5,000 shares of the Company's common
stock. As a part to the change in control and management of the Company, on
November 20, 2000, 690,000 options, representing the options then held by the
employees who resigned pursuant to the Transition Agreement, were returned to
the Company and cancelled and prior to that 20,000 were forfeited by a resigning
employee. As of December 31, 2000, options or other equity-based incentives to
purchase 886,667 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 1999 long-term incentive
plan have not been issued.

In October 1995, SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," was
issued and is effective for financial statements for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 1995. As permitted by the statement, the Company continues to
measure compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with APB No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees."

40,000 options issued in 2000 and 670,000 of the options issued in 1999 included
stock appreciation rights ("SAR's"), whereby the option holders are entitled to
receive cash or stock upon the exercise of the options without remitting
exercise proceeds to the Company. Pursuant to APB 25, the Company is required to
recognize compensation expense at each reporting period related to the SAR's
computed as the fair market value of the underlying shares less the total
exercise proceeds assumed to be received upon exercise. As of December 31, 2000,
all options that included SAR's were cancelled and as of December 31, 1999, the
fair market value of the Company's common stock was less than the exercise price
of the related options outstanding as of such date and as a result, no APB No.
25 compensation expense is recorded for 2000 or 1999.

For purposes of calculating the pro forma expense under SFAS No. 123, the fair
value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The following assumptions were used during
the respective years to estimate the fair value of options granted:

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------
Dividend yield                              0.0%         0.0%
Expected volatility                          72%        72.0%
Risk-free interest rate                       6%         6.0%
Expected life of options                 5 years   4.99 years


Page F-25

<PAGE>

No compensation cost was charged to operations in 2000 and 1999. Had
compensation cost for the Company's stock option plan been determined consistent
with the fair value method outlined in SFAS No. 123, the impact on the Company's
net income and earnings per common share would have been as follows:

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)
 As reported                        $(2,979,000)  $9,910,000
 Pro forma under SFAS No. 123        (2,990,000)  $9,689,000
Basic and diluted net income
(loss) per common share:
  As reported                       $     (1.91)  $     6.32
  Pro forma under SFAS No. 123      $     (1.91)  $     6.18

The following table summarizes the Company's fixed stock options for 2000 and
1999.

                                                2000                   1999
                                              Weighted               Weighted
                                              Average                Average
                                     2000     Exercise      1999     Exercise
                                    Shares      Price      Shares      Price
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding at beginning of year   678,333      $4.23       5,000      $7.50
Granted                             40,000      $3.63     673,333      $4.20
Exercised                               --         --          --         --
Forfeited                         (710,000)     $4.17          --         --
Outstanding at end of year           8,333      $6.30     678,333      $4.23
Options exercisable at year end      8,333      $6.30       8,333      $6.30
Weighted-average fair value of
 options granted during the year                $1.60                  $2.69

As of December 31, 2000, the 8,333 options outstanding have exercise prices
between $4.50 and $7.50 and a weighted-average remaining contractual life of
0.87 years.

(17) Related Party Transactions

The following describes related party transactions that are not described
elsewhere in these financial statement footnotes.

On January 1, 2000, the Company entered into an agreement with Sagemark
Management (the "Management Agreement") whereby Sagemark Management would
reimburse the Company for employee and other expenses incurred on behalf of
Sagemark Capital not to exceed $46,875 per month. As a part to the change in
control and management and pursuant to the General Partner Letter Agreement, the
Management Agreement was terminated on November 20, 2000. During 2000, Sagemark
Management paid the Company $477,000 during the time period for which the
Management Agreement was in effect.


Page F-26

<PAGE>

On June 10, 1999 the Company executed an agreement between the Company and
Benchmark, (the "Expense Sharing Agreement") whereby the Company reimburses
Benchmark for its allocable portion of shared office and administrative support
services. As a part to the change in control and management and pursuant to the
Transition Agreement, the Expense Sharing Agreement was terminated on November
20, 2000. For 2000 and 1999, the Company paid Benchmark $69,000 and $117,000,
respectively, pursuant to the agreement and during 1999 the company paid an
additional $29,000 for reimbursement of a portion of the March 1999 and April
1999 salaries that Benchmark had paid to Frank DeLape, Richard Young and Mathew
Finch.

During 1999, the Company paid Frank DeLape $11,000 for furniture and leasehold
improvements sold by him to the Company.

(18) Legal Proceedings

Although the Company is a party to certain legal proceedings that have occurred
in the ordinary course of business, the Company does not believe such
proceedings to be of a material nature with the exception of the following. Due
to uncertainties in the legal process, it is at least reasonably possible that
management's view of the outcome of the following contingent liabilities will
change in the near term and there exists the possibility that there could be a
material adverse impact on the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries as
a result of such legal proceedings.

On or about December 14, 1999, an action styled Expert Radiology Network v.
Comprehensive Medical Imaging, Inc.; International Magnetic Imaging, Inc.,
George Mahoney; and Joe Does 1 through 100 was filed in the Circuit Court of the
Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm Beach County Florida, and assigned
Case No. CL99-11947AD. The action seeks damages against International Magnetic
Imaging, Inc. ("IMI"), an inactive and discontinued subsidiary of the Company,
in excess of $15,000 for alleged breaches of a contract and for allegedly
fraudulently inducing Expert Radiology Network ("ERN") to enter said contract,
under which ERN was to read and interpret diagnostic imaging scans performed at
certain magnetic resonance imaging centers owned by IMI. The action also seeks
an accounting of amounts due and owing under the contract. The contract was
assigned to Comprehensive Medical Imaging, Inc. ("CMI"), in March 1998 in
connection with the sale of IMI's assets to CMI. The third named Defendant,
George Mahoney, is a former Chief Financial Officer of IMI and the current Chief
Financial of the Company. IMI has answered the complaint, denying any liability
and raising various affirmative defenses. It intends to contest the case
vigorously. At this stage of the proceedings, it is not possible to evaluate the
outcome of the action, nor to reasonably estimate the amount of any judgment
that might be entered against IMI.

On or about July 6, 1998, an action styled Ronald Feldstein v. Consolidated
Technology Group, Inc., a Florida corporation was filed in the Circuit Court of
the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, in and for Palm Beach County Florida, and
assigned Case No. 98-5943-AG. The action seeks damages in excess of $15,000 for
an alleged breach by Consolidated Technology Group, Ltd. (the Company's prior
name) of an alleged consulting agreement under which the Company allegedly
promised to deliver to the Plaintiff, Ronald Feldstein, 250,000 options to
purchase stock of International Magnetic Imaging, Inc. at $3.50 per share, and
200,000 share of the stock of Trans Global Services, Inc. ("Trans Global"). It
is alleged the shares of Trans Global stock were to have been delivered by April
18, 1997. The Company answered the Plaintiff's complaint denying liability and
asserting various defenses. The Company also propounded discovery requests,
which were not answered by the Plaintiff. The Court ordered the Plaintiff to
respond to the discovery requests, but the Plaintiff did not comply with the
Court's order and on March 12, 2001, the Court dismissed the action without
prejudice.


Page F-27

<PAGE>

In July 1999, Mitel Communications Solutions, Inc. ("Mitel") served an amended
Complaint upon the Company, impleading the Company and SISC and purportedly
served TAL, in a case commenced against Arc, in the Supreme Court of the State
of New York, County of New York, entitled, Mitel Communications Solutions, Inc.
v. Arc Networks, Inc. et al., Index No. 99-600123 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Cty., 1999).
Mitel seeks to recover the sum of $1.7 million, allegedly pre-paid to Arc when
Mitel engaged Arc as a subcontractor for a subsequently aborted project for the
New York City Board of Education. Mitel seeks to recover the purported
pre-payment with interest against all defendants, including the Company, SISC
and TAL on a variety of legal and equitable theories. The Company has responded
by denying all of the relevant allegations set forth in the amended complaint
and it is the Company's position that it is in no way responsible for any
liability Arc may or may not have to the plaintiff under the facts as alleged by
the plaintiff. The Company is contesting this case vigorously. The Company has
been advised that on December 1, 1999, Arc and Mitel entered into a settlement
agreement pursuant to which, among other things, Arc agreed to perform certain
work for Mitel and make a certain escrow payment. The Company has been advised
that Arc has not made the required escrow payment; however, it continues to
perform all work requested by Mitel under the terms of the Settlement Agreement.
As of this date, the Company is advised that the balance due from Arc to Mitel
has been reduced to less than $300,000 and Arc is currently engaging in work for
Mitel to further reduce and eventually eliminate the alleged obligation
underlying the litigation. To the extent Arc satisfies the terms of the
settlement agreement in full, it is anticipated that the Company will be
released from the litigation. However, there can be no assurance that Arc will
fully discharge the terms of the settlement agreement.

(19) Discontinued Operations

As of December 31, 2000, the Company has discontinued all of its prior operating
business segments. The following table summarizes the financial statement
information of the discontinued subsidiaries.

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Income from operations of
 discontinued segments:
  Trans Global                               --   $  499,000
  Arc                                        --           --
  Intercompany transactions                  --      139,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                             --   $  638,000
============================================================

Years ended December 31,                   2000         1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Gain on disposal of segments:
 Trans Global                                --   $  759,000
 Arc                                         --    7,365,000
 3D Holdings Intl., Inc.                     --      481,000
 IMI                                         --      156,000
 Income taxes                                --      (31,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                             --   $8,730,000
============================================================


Page F-28

<PAGE>

(a) Trans Global - The Company and Trans Global entered into an agreement
whereby in May 1999, Company transferred 1,150,000 shares of Trans Global common
stock owned by it to Trans Global and Trans Global transferred all of the Series
G 2% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of the Company that it owned to the
Company and cancelled accrued dividends of approximately $140,000 and
intercompany debt obligations of approximately $326,000 owed by the Company to
Trans Global. As a result of the foregoing transaction between the Company and
Trans Global, the Company recognized a gain of $759,000 in 1999. The revenues of
Trans Global approximated $11.2 million for the period from January 1, 1999
through the effective date of the share transfer.

(b) Arc - The Company entered into an agreement with Arc and TAL, pursuant to
which on June 23, 1999 the Company sold all of its equity interest in Arc for
$855,000. As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a gain of $7,365,000
in 1999. The revenues of Arc approximated $4 million from January 1, 1999
through the date of the sale.

(c) In 1997, the Company discontinued the operations of 3D Holdings
International, Inc. and its subsidiaries; 3D Technology, Inc., 3D Imaging
International, Inc., and Vero International, Inc. (the 3D Entities"). During
1999, the Company wrote-off all remaining liabilities of the 3D Entities all of
which were all in excess of three years old and had no claim activity. As a
result of the write-off, the Company recognized a gain of $481,000.

(d) Medical Diagnostics - In 1998, the Company consummated the sale of
substantially all of the assets of IMI. In 1999, the Company recognized a gain
of $156,000 representing the excess of estimated accrued taxes as of December
31, 1998 and the amount actually paid for taxes in 1999.

(20) Subsequent Events

On March 28, 2001 the Company entered into a Letter of Intent which sets forth
the principal terms and conditions of a proposed acquisition of Premier P.E.T.
Imaging International, Inc. ("Premier") and Premier Cyclotron International
Corp. ("PCI") by the Company. Premier is owned by Dr. Stephen A. Schulman, Dr.
Robert McFarland, Tara Capital, Inc. ("Tara Capital") and Robert L. Blessey (the
"Selling Stockholders"). Theodore B. Shapiro, the Company's Chief Executive
Officer, President and Director, owns 10% of Tara Capital and the remaining 90%
is owned by his relatives. Premier was formed to engage in the ownership and
operation of outpatient diagnostic imaging centers (the "PET Centers")
throughout the United States utilizing positron emission tomography scanning
equipment ("PET Scanning Equipment"). PCI, also owned by the Selling
Stockholders, was formed to own and operate equipment which manufactures
flouro-deoxy-glucose and other radioisotopes utilized in the diagnostic imaging
procedures performed by the PET Scanning Equipment.

The Letter of Intent does not contain all of the terms and conditions to be
negotiated and agreed upon between the parties but is, to the extent provided in
the Letter of Intent, binding upon the parties who have agreed to enter into a
Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will purchase from the
Selling Stockholders all of the shares of the capital stock of Premier and PCI
owned by each of them in exchange for shares of the Company's Common Stock.

The Letter of Intent provides that the Company will issue 6,000 shares of its
Common Stock upon and subject to the consummation of the proposed acquisition.
Additionally, if, and to the extent each of the first six PET Centers achieves
positive earnings, calculated before the deduction of interest expense, income
taxes, depreciation and amortization, at any time during the first eighteen


Page F-29

<PAGE>

months of their operations, the Company will issue to the Selling Stockholders
an aggregate of 250,000 shares of its Common Stock for each of such Centers. The
shares of Common Stock issued by the Company will have certain registration
rights and in the event that either the Centers discontinue their operations or
are adjudicated bankrupt within two years after the consummation of the proposed
acquisition, the Company will have the right to repurchase from the Selling
Stockholders all shares of the Company's Common Stock shares owned by them for a
purchase price of One Dollar ($1.00).

In addition upon the consummation of the proposed acquisition, the Company will
provide working capital to Premier in the amount of $1,000,000, the proceeds of
which will be used to establish and operate the PET Centers. To the extent
required, the Company will guarantee Premier's obligations under any leasing or
purchase agreement between Premier and the manufacturer or supplier of the PET
Scanning Equipment or between Premier and any entity which provides financing
for same.

Consummation of the proposed acquisition is subject to certain conditions among
which are due diligence by the Company, financing commitment and fairness
opinion. There is no assurance that the acquisition will be consummated or if
so, on what terms.


Page F-30

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
