-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 PprXdQbbgeL1BTRdxbjNjNdlQ/K8FL6aSw9MqAIw9afe6wGwSLtgvigSp1tj2ena
 GmP/ySV1D6eQUEQ8tXmPpA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000893220-02-000272.txt : 20020415
<SEC-HEADER>0000893220-02-000272.hdr.sgml : 20020415
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000893220-02-000272
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20011231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20020319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADVANTA CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096638
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		IRS NUMBER:				231462070
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14120
		FILM NUMBER:		02578299

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 844
		STREET 2:		WELSH & MCKEAN ROADS
		CITY:			SPRING HOUSE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2154445051

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WELSH & MCKEAN ROADS
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 844
		CITY:			SPRING HOUSE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19477-0844

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TSO FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TEACHERS SERVICE ORGANIZATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19850812
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>w58410e10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10-K   DECEMBER 31  2001
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            ------------------------
                                   FORM 10-K
(MARK ONE)
[X]   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
      EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 OR

      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
      EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO

                          COMMISSION FILE NO. 0-14120

                                 ADVANTA CORP.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<Table>
<S>                                                   <C>
                      DELAWARE                                             23-1462070
    (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION)             (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
        WELSH & MCKEAN ROADS, P. O. BOX 844,
             SPRING HOUSE, PENNSYLVANIA                                       19477
      (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)                             (ZIP CODE)
</Table>

       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (215) 657-4000

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

<Table>
<Caption>
                 TITLE OF EACH CLASS                        NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED
                 -------------------                        -----------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>
                        NONE                                                   N/A
</Table>

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:

                      CLASS A COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE
                      CLASS B COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE
                                 CLASS A RIGHT
                                 CLASS B RIGHT
                             (TITLE OF EACH CLASS)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K Yes [ ].

     State the aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity
held by non-affiliates of the registrant. The aggregate market value shall be
computed by reference to the price at which the stock was sold, or the average
bid and asked prices of such stock, as of a specified date within 60 days prior
to the date of filing. (See definition of affiliate in Rule 405.)

     $264,825,636 as of March 11, 2002 which amount excludes the value of all
shares beneficially owned (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) by officers and directors of the Company (however, this
does not constitute a representation or acknowledgment that any of such
individuals is an affiliate of the Registrant).

                   (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS)

     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

     As of March 11, 2002 there were 10,041,017 shares of the Registrant's Class
A Common Stock, $.01 par value, outstanding and 18,730,170 shares of the
Registrant's Class B Common Stock, $.01 par value, outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the
Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is
incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or
information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or
(e) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly
described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders
for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980).

<Table>
<Caption>
DOCUMENT                                                                   FORM 10-K REFERENCE
- --------                                                                   -------------------
<S>                                                             <C>
Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Registrant's 2002                        Part III, Items 10-13
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to
Regulation 14A not later than 120 days following the end of
the Registrant's last fiscal year
</Table>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

In this Form 10-K, "Advanta", "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" refer to
Advanta Corp. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires.

                                    OVERVIEW

Advanta is a highly focused financial services company. We have been providing
innovative financial products and solutions since 1951. Currently, our lending
business consists of Advanta Business Cards, one of the nation's largest issuers
of MasterCard(R)* business credit cards to small businesses. In addition to
Advanta Business Cards, we have venture capital investments. We own two
depository institutions, or banks, Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank.
We primarily fund and operate our business credit card business through Advanta
Bank Corp. We also own two insurance companies, Advanta Life Insurance Company
and Advanta Insurance Company, through which we offer specialty credit-related
insurance and related products to our existing customers.

     At December 31, 2001, we had approximately $2.1 billion in managed
receivables. Managed receivables include both owned and securitized receivables.

     Through the first quarter of 2001, we had two additional lending
businesses, Advanta Mortgage and Advanta Leasing Services. During the first
quarter of the year ended December 2001, we exited our mortgage business and
ceased originating new leases in our small ticket equipment leasing business. We
are, however, continuing to service the existing leases in our small ticket
equipment leasing portfolio rather than sell the business or the portfolio.

     Pursuant to the terms of the purchase and sale agreement, dated January 8,
2001, as amended, by and between Advanta and Chase Manhattan Mortgage
Corporation, a New Jersey corporation ("Buyer"), Advanta and certain of its
subsidiaries transferred and assigned to Buyer and certain of its affiliates
substantially all of the assets and operating liabilities associated with
Advanta's mortgage business. This transaction is referred to throughout this
Form 10-K as the "Mortgage Transaction." The Mortgage Transaction was
consummated on March 1, 2001, effective as of February 28, 2001 (the "Closing
Date").

     The assets acquired by Buyer in the Mortgage Transaction consist of loans
receivable, retained interests in securitizations and other receivables,
contractual mortgage servicing rights and other contractual rights, property and
equipment, and prepaid assets. The liabilities assumed by Buyer in the Mortgage
Transaction consist primarily of certain of our contractual obligations and
other liabilities that appeared on our balance sheet, as well as specified
contingent liabilities arising out of the operation of the mortgage business
before closing that are identified in the purchase and sale agreement.

     Following the Mortgage Transaction, we no longer operate a mortgage
business. However, we have retained contingent liabilities, primarily relating
to litigation, arising out of our operation of the mortgage business before the
Closing Date that were not specifically assumed by Buyer in the Mortgage
Transaction.

     Advanta Corp. was incorporated in Delaware in 1974 as Teachers Service
Organization, Inc., the successor to a business originally founded in 1951. In
January 1988, we changed our name from TSO Financial Corp. to Advanta Corp. Our
principal executive office is located at Welsh & McKean Roads, P.O. Box 844,
Spring House, Pennsylvania 19477-0844. Our telephone number at our principal
executive office is (215) 657-4000.

- ---------------

* MasterCard(R) is a federally registered servicemark of MasterCard
  International, Inc.

                                        1
<PAGE>

                             CONTINUING OPERATIONS

ADVANTA BUSINESS CARDS

  Overview

Advanta Business Cards, a business unit of Advanta, is one of the nation's
leading providers of business credit cards to small businesses. Advanta Business
Cards offers business credit cards to small businesses using targeted direct
mail, the Internet and telemarketing solicitation of potential cardholders. The
"Advanta Business Card" is issued and funded by Advanta Bank Corp.

     Our principal objectives are to use our information based strategy to
continue to prudently grow our business while increasing profitability. Based on
our experience and expertise in analyzing the credit behavior and
characteristics of consumers and small businesses, we have developed an
extensive database of customer information and attributes. We use this
information in conjunction with proprietary credit scoring, targeting and other
sophisticated analytical models we have developed to market our products to
prospective customers. We measure the expected behavior of our prospects by
analyzing, among other things, a prospect's responsiveness, creditworthiness,
sensitivity to price and expected transaction volume. We continually validate
our models based on actual results from marketing campaigns, and use this
information to refine and improve our analytical assumptions. The information we
gather and analyze allows us to market directly to specific customer segments,
target prospects effectively, anticipate customer needs, customize our pricing
and products to meet those needs.

     Our primary product is a MasterCard business credit card. We also offer a
limited number of Visa(R)** business credit cards. MasterCard and Visa license
banks and other financial institutions, such as Advanta Bank Corp., to issue
credit cards using their servicemarks and to use the interchange network.
Advanta Bank Corp. receives an interchange fee as compensation for the funding
and credit and fraud risks it assumes when its cardholders use the Advanta
Business Card. Our business credit cards provide our customers with access,
through merchants, banks and ATMs, to an instant unsecured revolving business
credit line. Under the terms of our cardholder agreements, our business cards
may be used for business purposes only.

     We offer a number of benefits that we believe are important to small
business owners including:

     - additional cards for employees at no fee with the ability to set
       individual spending limits;

     - on-line detailed expense management reports that categorize purchases and
       itemize charges for recordkeeping and tax purposes; and

     - customized cards and business checks.

Our business credit card also offers free auto rental insurance, free purchase
protection service for a specified time period and several free emergency
assistance and referral services.

     We also offer rewards programs on a limited basis, generally for an annual
fee. Under the rewards programs, the cardholder may receive credit toward the
purchase of airline tickets and/or other rewards, such as cash rebates, based on
their card purchases. Additionally, we offer a travel card. Use of the travel
card entitles the cardholder to earn bonus miles toward free air travel and
other travel-related benefits. We expect to continue to expand our business
credit card product offerings and look for innovative ways to tailor products to
the unique needs of small businesses.

     The interest rate and credit line size we offer vary and are ultimately
determined based upon the credit history and creditworthiness of the borrower.
At December 31, 2001, the average credit line was approximately $10,000. The
interest rate is generally based on a LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) or
Prime Rate index. In most cases, the interest rate will change with changes in
LIBOR or the Prime Rate, as applicable, and is subject to a minimum below which
the interest rate cannot fall.

- ---------------

** Visa(R) is a registered servicemark of Visa International, Inc.
                                        2
<PAGE>

     We generate interest and other income through finance charges assessed on
outstanding loans, interchange income, and cash advance and other credit card
fees. We also generate income through specialty credit-related insurance
products and services we offer to our business credit card customers through our
insurance subsidiaries.

     The managed portfolio of Advanta Business Cards grew from $1.66 billion at
December 31, 2000 to $2.04 billion at December 31, 2001. In 2001, approximately
98% of Advanta's total revenues from continuing operations were derived from
Advanta Business Cards. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional segment financial information about Advanta Business Cards.

  Originations

We originate substantially all of our business credit card accounts using direct
marketing techniques, including direct mail, telemarketing solicitation and the
Internet. We periodically mail solicitations for an Advanta MasterCard or Visa
business credit card. Similarly, we use inbound and outbound telemarketing to
solicit applicants. We offer applications and instant credit decisions online.

     Our marketing program is the result of extensive ongoing testing of various
marketing campaigns that target different segments of the small business market.
The success of each campaign is measured by the profitability of the campaign,
including both the cost of acquisition of new business and the credit
performance of the resulting business. We originated over 224,000 new business
credit card accounts during the year ended December 31, 2001.

     Our sources for potential customers include the use of external credit
reporting agencies, the purchase of customer lists from establishments with a
small business customer base, strategic alliances with companies and
associations with a small business customer base and linking with other websites
on the Internet that serve small businesses. In an effort to expand our customer
reach, we are testing new sources for identifying potential customers.

  Underwriting

We have developed sophisticated modeling techniques for assessing the
creditworthiness of potential cardholders. Because the owner of the business is
a joint obligor on our business credit card, we may consider credit-related and
other relevant data about both the business and the individual owner of the
business in our assessment of the creditworthiness of potential cardholders.
Through the application process, we verify the applicant's demographic
information and collect current sales and income statistics. This information,
coupled with credit reports received from external credit reporting agencies,
forms the basis for our decision to extend credit. Using a proprietary scoring
system, we rank our prospective cardholders based upon their expected
creditworthiness and profitability potential.

     When a cardholder is first approved, our profile of that cardholder is
limited and based solely on historical information generated by third parties
and information provided by the customer at the time of application. As we
compile information regarding each cardholder's behavior over time, we maintain
and continually update our performance database. We use the information we
gather over time regarding actual account performance and cardholder behavior as
a basis for predicting a cardholder's future performance. We use this
information to periodically re-score the cardholder based on all of the
information we accumulate, and to evaluate and potentially adjust the interest
rate and the credit line size that we make available to the cardholder.

  Pricing

We continually test different pricing strategies. Our pricing strategies include
a combination of promotional pricing and risk-based pricing. We offer a range of
potential interest rates to potential cardholders. Our offers are subject to
verification of information provided by the potential cardholder through the
application process.

     We offer primarily variable rate credit card accounts. The periodic finance
charge assessed on balances in most of these accounts is indexed to LIBOR or the
Prime Rate, plus an add-on percentage or spread. In most cases, the rate will
change with changes in LIBOR or the Prime Rate, as applicable, and is subject to
a

                                        3
<PAGE>

minimum below which the rate cannot fall. In addition the rate may vary
depending on the type of transaction. For example, cash advances are generally
subject to a higher periodic finance charge rate than merchandise transactions.
With notice, we may reprice any account at our discretion, based upon a variety
of factors indicating a risk of future nonpayment, such as changes in a
cardholder's credit standing. The credit line size may also be adjusted up or
down based on our continual credit monitoring. To discourage delinquent
payments, we use "penalty pricing" and automatically increase the interest rate
on any account that exceeds the delinquency level set forth in the applicable
cardholder agreement or is otherwise in default. The amount of the automatic
increase may vary, but typically we add 3% to the existing interest rate on an
account.

  Servicing and Collections

We perform most of the servicing and collections for our business credit card
accounts in-house. Certain data processing and administrative functions
associated with the servicing of our business credit card portfolio are
outsourced to First Data Resources, Inc. Services performed by First Data
Resources include: authorizing transactions through the MasterCard and Visa
systems; performing billing and settlement processes; generating and monitoring
monthly billing statements; and issuing credit card plastics and new account
agreements.

     We have a collections staff that performs the collection activities for our
business credit cards. Accounts are "contractually delinquent" if the minimum
payment is not received by the due date. We discourage delinquent payments by
assessing a late fee and the collections staff pursues late payments
aggressively and immediately.

     Efforts to collect contractually delinquent credit cards currently are made
by our collections personnel or their designees. Collection activities include
statement messages, formal collection letters and telephone calls. Collection
personnel initiate telephone contact with delinquent cardholders as early as the
first day the cardholder becomes contractually delinquent. The intensity with
which collection activity is pursued depends on the risk the account presents to
us, which is determined by behavioral scoring and adaptive control techniques.
If initial telephone contact fails to resolve the delinquency, we continue to
contact the cardholder by telephone and by mail.

     Delinquency levels are monitored by management of our collections, asset
quality and credit departments and information is reported daily to senior
management. Accounts are charged-off when they become 180 days contractually
delinquent, at which time delinquent accounts of cardholders who have not filed
bankruptcy are generally referred to outside collection agencies. We charge-off
accounts suspected of being fraudulent after a 90-day investigative period
unless our investigation shows no evidence of fraud.

     Effective October 1, 2000, the accounts of customers who become debtors in
bankruptcy cases are charged-off when they become 180 days contractually
delinquent or within 60 days of receipt of notification of filing from the
bankruptcy court, whichever is shorter. Prior to October 1, 2000, instead of a
60-day investigation period we used a 90-day investigation period prior to
charge-off to determine whether we should challenge the cardholder's bankruptcy
petition or the discharge of amounts owed to us. Our credit evaluation,
servicing and charge-off policies and collection practices may change from time
to time in accordance with our business judgment and applicable laws and
regulations.

VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENTS

We make venture capital investments through our affiliates, including Advanta
Partners LP and Advanta Growth Capital Fund L.P. Advanta Partners LP focuses
primarily on growth capital financings, restructurings and management buyouts in
the financial services, electronic commerce relationship management services and
other consumer and data information management services industries. Advanta
Growth Capital Fund L.P. focuses primarily on earlier stage investment
opportunities in the technology and information services sectors, including the
areas of wireless services, electronic commerce and direct marketing. The
investment objective of our investment affiliates is to earn attractive returns
by building the long-term values of the businesses in which they invest. Our
investment affiliates combine transaction expertise, management skills and a
broad contact base with strong industry-specific knowledge. Our investments in
specific companies and industry
                                        4
<PAGE>

segments may vary over time. We primarily invest in privately-held companies,
including early stage companies. These investments are inherently risky as the
market for the technologies and products the investees have under development
may never materialize. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional segment financial information about our venture capital investments.

ADVANTA INSURANCE

Our life/health and property/casualty insurance subsidiaries, Advanta Life
Insurance Company and Advanta Insurance Company, respectively, provide insurance
and related products mostly to existing Advanta customers. Together with
unaffiliated insurance carriers, we offer specialty credit-related insurance
products and services to our existing business credit card and leasing
customers. Advanta Insurance uses direct mail marketing and telemarketing to
enroll customers in these programs. The focus of these products is on the
customers' ability to repay their debt. These products include coverage for loss
of life, disability, involuntary unemployment, accidental death, and lost or
damaged equipment. Our insurance subsidiaries generally reinsure all or a
portion of the risks associated with these products or services. Under
reinsurance agreements, our insurance subsidiaries assume a proportional quota
share of the risk from the unaffiliated insurance carriers. In consideration for
assuming these risks, our insurance subsidiaries receive reinsurance premiums
equal to the proportional percentage of the net premiums collected by the
insurance carriers, less a ceding fee as defined by the reinsurance treaties,
and proportional acquisition expenses, premium taxes and loss payments made by
the carriers on these risks.

     Through a strategic alliance with Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
formed in 1996 for an initial term of 5 years, Advanta Insurance provided its
direct marketing expertise to market Progressive's automobile insurance policies
nationwide. In the first quarter of 2001, we negotiated an early termination of
the strategic alliance.

DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS

We own two depository institutions, Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National
Bank. Advanta Bank Corp. is an industrial loan corporation organized under the
laws of the State of Utah with its principal executive offices located in
Draper, Utah. Advanta Bank Corp.'s principal activity consists of the issuance
of the "Advanta Business Card" credit card to small businesses. Prior to first
quarter 2001, Advanta Bank Corp. also was involved in our small ticket equipment
leasing business and our mortgage business. We no longer operate a mortgage
business or originate new equipment leases. However, Advanta Bank Corp.
continues to be involved in the small ticket equipment leasing business because
we are continuing to service our existing lease portfolio. See "-- DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS."

     Advanta National Bank is a national banking association organized under the
laws of the United States of America with its headquarters and sole branch
currently located in Wilmington, Delaware. Prior to February 28, 2001, we
conducted a large portion of our mortgage business through Advanta National
Bank.

DEPOSIT, SAVINGS AND INVESTMENT PRODUCTS

Deposits with each of our bank subsidiaries are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). Through our banks we are able to offer a range
of insured deposit products. Advanta Bank Corp.'s deposit products include
retail certificates of deposit and large denomination certificates of deposit of
$99,000 or more. Advanta Bank Corp. generates retail deposits from repeat
deposits from existing customers and from new depositors attracted by direct
mail solicitations, newspaper and other media advertising, and the Internet.

     In the past, Advanta National Bank's deposit products have included money
market savings accounts, retail certificates of deposit and large denomination
certificates of deposit of $99,000 or more. Following the Mortgage Transaction,
Advanta National Bank had excess cash liquidity. As a result, Advanta National
Bank suspended originating deposit accounts. To further reduce this excess
liquidity, on June 25, 2001, Advanta

                                        5
<PAGE>

National Bank sold substantially all of its deposit liabilities to E*TRADE Bank,
a subsidiary of E*TRADE Group, Inc.

     At December 31, 2001, we had total deposits of $636.9 million at our banks,
compared to $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2000. Substantially all of the
deposits as of December 31, 2001 were at Advanta Bank Corp.

     Since 1951, Advanta Corp. and its predecessor, Teachers Service
Organization, Inc., have offered unsecured debt securities of the corporation,
in the form of RediReserve Certificates and Investment Notes, to retail
investors through our retail note programs. These debt securities, also referred
to in this Form 10-K as "retail notes," have been sold predominantly on a direct
basis by Advanta in select states. The RediReserve Variable Rate Certificates
are payable on demand and the maturities on the Investment Notes range from 90
days to ten years. The RediReserve Certificates and Investment Notes generally
require an initial minimum investment of $5,000 and are obligations of Advanta
Corp. and are not insured or guaranteed by any public or private entity. We
change the interest rates that we offer frequently, depending on market
conditions and our funding needs. The rates also vary depending on the size of
each investment. At December 31, 2001, $323.4 million of RediReserve
Certificates and Investment Notes were outstanding with interest rates ranging
from 3.00% to 11.56%.

                            DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

ADVANTA LEASING SERVICES

  Overview

On January 23, 2001, after a thorough review of strategic alternatives available
to our leasing business, we decided to cease originating new equipment leases.
However, we are continuing to service the existing leasing portfolio.

     Prior to January 23, 2001, Advanta Leasing Services, a business unit of
Advanta, offered flexible lease financing programs to small businesses. The
primary products that we offered through our leasing business consisted of
leases for small-ticket items such as computers, copiers, fax machines and other
office equipment.

     Advanta Leasing Services originated and funded its leases and other
equipment financing arrangements through Advanta Bank Corp. Advanta Business
Services Corp. conducted the marketing, lease originations, customer service and
collections for our leasing business.

     Our leases are generally priced on a fixed rate basis. At December 31,
2001, the leases in our portfolio had an average lease size of approximately
$6,700 and an average lease term remaining of approximately 26 months.

     Managed lease receivables at December 31, 2001 totaled approximately $421
million, compared to approximately $758 million at December 31, 2000. By the end
of 2002, the managed lease receivables are expected to total approximately $200
million. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional
financial information about Advanta Leasing Services.

  Originations

Prior to our decision to cease new leasing originations, Advanta Leasing
Services originated leases through marketing programs, vendors, brokers and bulk
or portfolio purchases.

  Servicing and Collections

We are continuing to service our existing portfolio of equipment leases. As part
of our servicing we will continue to perform collection activities with respect
to delinquent contracts. Each lease contract has a provision for assessing late
charges in the event that a customer fails to make a payment on the contract on
the

                                        6
<PAGE>

related due date. We typically initiate telephone contact when an account is
between one and 16 days past due, depending on certain established criteria.
Telephone contact is continued throughout the delinquency period. If the account
continues to be delinquent, Advanta Leasing Services may exercise any remedies
available to it under the terms of the contract, including termination and
acceleration of the payments due pursuant to the lease contract. We evaluate
each contract on the merits of the individual situation taking into
consideration the equipment value and the current financial strength of the
customer.

     If collection activities are unsuccessful, we typically charge-off the
account at 120 days past due. An account may be charged-off prior to 120 days if
we determine that no further payments will be made. In cases where the customer
files for bankruptcy, Advanta Leasing Services' Legal Recovery Department
follows up with the debtor to determine whether the debtor intends to assume or
reject the contract. In many cases, although the customer has filed for
bankruptcy protection from its creditors, it continues to make regular payments
on its contract. At the time a non-bankruptcy account is charged-off, the
account is referred to our in-house litigation department to determine whether
we will pursue the customer or any personal guarantor on the contract through
litigation. If we determine not to pursue an account through litigation it may
be referred to a third party collection agency to enforce the original terms of
the contract.

ADVANTA MORTGAGE

Effective February 28, 2001, we closed the Mortgage Transaction and no longer
operate a mortgage business. In accordance with the terms of the purchase and
sale agreement, Buyer acquired substantially all of the assets and operating
liabilities associated with our mortgage business for a purchase price, net of
operating liabilities assumed by Buyer, exceeding $1 billion. Following the
Mortgage Transaction, we retained contingent liabilities, primarily relating to
litigation arising out of the operation of the mortgage business through the
Closing Date, that were not specifically assumed by Buyer. See "-- OVERVIEW."

     Prior to the closing of the Mortgage Transaction, Advanta Mortgage, a
business unit of Advanta, offered a broad range of mortgage products and
services to consumers throughout the country. Advanta Mortgage originated and
serviced non-conforming credit first and second lien mortgage loans, including
home equity lines of credit. In addition to servicing and managing the loans we
originated, Advanta Mortgage serviced the home equity loans of unaffiliated
third parties through our subservicing business. Subserviced loans are not
included in our portfolio of managed receivables and we did not bear the risk of
credit loss on our subserviced portfolio.

     Prior to the closing of the Mortgage Transaction, at December 31, 2000,
Advanta Mortgage's portfolio of subserviced loans totaled approximately $7.9
billion and our total serviced portfolio, including the "subserviced" portfolio,
was $15.8 billion. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional financial information about Advanta Mortgage.

                             GOVERNMENT REGULATION

ADVANTA CORP.

Advanta Corp. is not required to register as a bank holding company under the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA"). We own Advanta
National Bank, which is a "bank" as defined under the BHCA, as amended by the
Competitive Equality Banking Act of 1987 ("CEBA"). However, under grandfathering
provisions of CEBA, we are not required to register as a bank holding company
because Advanta National Bank, which takes demand deposits but does not make
commercial loans, did not come within the BHCA definition of the term "bank"
prior to the enactment of CEBA. Under CEBA, our other banking subsidiary,
Advanta Bank Corp., also is not considered a "bank" for purposes of the BHCA.
Accordingly, our ownership of Advanta Bank Corp. does not impact our exempt
status under the BHCA. Because we are not a bank holding company, we are not
subject to examination by the Federal Reserve Board, other than for purposes of
assuring continued compliance with the CEBA restrictions discussed below.

     Under CEBA, Advanta National Bank is subject to certain restrictions, such
as the limitation that it may either take demand deposits or make commercial
loans, but may not do both. In addition, under CEBA Advanta National Bank may
not acquire control of more than 5% of the stock or assets of an additional
"bank" or "savings association," as these terms are defined in the BHCA. The
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial

                                        7
<PAGE>

Modernization Act of 1999 ("GLB Act") was adopted on November 12, 1999 and
became effective on May 12, 2000. Prior to the enactment of the GLB Act, if
Advanta Corp. or Advanta National Bank had ceased complying with the
restrictions set forth in CEBA, registration as a bank holding company under the
BHCA would have been required. Registration as a bank holding company is not
automatic and, if we were to register, it would subject us and our subsidiaries
to inspection and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Under the GLB Act,
should Advanta Corp. or Advanta National Bank fail to comply with any of the
restrictions applicable to them under CEBA, there is a 180-day right to cure
period following receipt of a notice from the Federal Reserve Board. The
opportunity to cure or remediate an activity that is out of compliance
significantly reduces the risk that Advanta Corp. will be required to register
as a bank holding company under the BHCA.

ADVANTA BANK CORP.

Advanta Bank Corp., a Utah-chartered industrial loan corporation, is a
depository institution subject to regulatory oversight and examination by both
the FDIC and the Utah Department of Financial Institutions. See "-- Regulatory
Agreements." Under its banking charter, Advanta Bank Corp. may make consumer and
commercial loans and may accept all FDIC-insured deposits other than demand
deposits such as checking accounts. Advanta Bank Corp. is subject to the same
regulatory and supervisory processes as commercial banks.

     Advanta Bank Corp. is subject to provisions of federal law which restrict
and control its ability to extend credit and provide or receive services between
affiliates. In addition, the FDIC has regulatory authority to prohibit Advanta
Bank Corp. from engaging in any unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its
business.

     Advanta Bank Corp. is subject to capital adequacy guidelines issued by the
Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the "FFIEC"). These
guidelines make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in
risk profiles among banking organizations and consider off-balance sheet
exposures in determining capital adequacy. Under the rules and regulations of
the FFIEC, at least half of a bank's total capital is required to be "Tier I
capital," comprised of common equity, retained earnings and a limited amount of
non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock. The remaining capital, "Tier II
capital," may consist of other preferred stock, certain hybrid debt/equity
instruments, a limited amount of term subordinated debt or a limited amount of
the reserve for possible credit losses. The FFIEC has also adopted minimum
leverage ratios for banks, which are calculated by dividing Tier I capital by
total average assets. Recognizing that the risk-based capital standards address
only credit risk, and not interest rate, liquidity, operational or other risks,
many banks are expected to maintain capital in excess of the minimum standards.

     In addition, pursuant to provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act of 1991
(the "FDICIA") and related regulations with respect to prompt corrective action,
FDIC-insured institutions such as Advanta Bank Corp. may only accept brokered
deposits without FDIC permission if they meet specified capital standards, and
are subject to restrictions with respect to the interest they may pay on
deposits unless they are "well-capitalized." To be "well-capitalized" under the
prompt corrective action provisions, a bank must have a ratio of combined Tier I
and Tier II capital to risk-weighted assets of not less than 10%, Tier I capital
to risk-weighted assets of not less than 6%, and a Tier I leverage ratio of not
less than 5%. In each case, Advanta Bank Corp. met the capital requirements of
the FDICIA and was categorized as well-capitalized under the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action. See Note 16 to the consolidated
financial statements.

ADVANTA NATIONAL BANK

Advanta National Bank is subject to regulation and periodic examination,
primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"). The
OCC's regulations relate to the maintenance of reserves for certain types of
deposits and other products offered by a bank, the maintenance of certain
financial ratios, the terms on which a bank may engage in transactions with its
affiliates and a broad range of other banking practices. As a national bank,
Advanta National Bank is also subject to provisions of federal law which
restrict its ability to extend credit to its affiliates or pay dividends to
Advanta Corp.

                                        8
<PAGE>

     Advanta National Bank is subject to the FFIEC capital adequacy guidelines
and the FDICIA provisions for accepting brokered deposits described above. See
"-- Advanta Bank Corp." Presently, Advanta National Bank is required to maintain
capital in excess of the minimum regulatory standards. At December 31, 2001,
Advanta National Bank had capital at levels a bank is required to maintain to be
classified as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action. However, Advanta National Bank does not meet the definition
of "well-capitalized" because of the existence of its agreement with the OCC,
even though we have achieved the higher imposed capital ratios required by the
agreement with the OCC. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements and
"-- Regulatory Agreements."

REGULATORY AGREEMENTS

In June 2000, we announced that our banking subsidiaries, Advanta National Bank
and Advanta Bank Corp., reached agreements with their respective bank regulatory
agencies, primarily relating to the banks' subprime lending operations. The
agreements outlined a series of steps to modify processes and formalize and
document certain practices and procedures for the banks' subprime lending
operations. The agreements also required us to change our charge-off policy for
delinquent mortgages to 180 days and to modify our accounting processes and
estimate of our allowance for credit losses and valuation of residual assets.

     The agreement between Advanta Bank Corp. and the FDIC established temporary
deposit growth limits at Advanta Bank Corp. and provided for prior FDIC approval
of the payment by Advanta Bank Corp. of any future cash dividends. The agreement
between Advanta National Bank and the OCC established temporary asset growth
limits at Advanta National Bank and imposed restrictions on taking brokered
deposits at Advanta National Bank. The June 2000 agreement with the OCC required
that Advanta National Bank maintain certain capital ratios in excess of the
minimum regulatory standards.

     In July 2000, we announced that Advanta National Bank signed a second
agreement with the OCC resulting in a significant reduction to the carrying
value of Advanta National Bank's retained interests in mortgage securitizations
and requiring that Advanta National Bank increase its allowance for credit
losses. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

     In 2001, in connection with the Mortgage Transaction, Advanta National Bank
sought approval of the OCC for a return of capital to Advanta Corp. in the
amount of $261 million. On February 28, 2001, the OCC approved the amount
requested and, at the same time, Advanta National Bank entered into an agreement
with the OCC regarding restrictions on new business activities and product lines
at Advanta National Bank after the Mortgage Transaction and the resolution of
outstanding Advanta National Bank liabilities. The February 2001 agreement
superseded the capital ratio requirements of the June 2000 agreement and lowered
the capital requirements for Advanta National Bank to 12.7% for Tier 1 capital
and Total capital to risk-weighted assets, and to 5% for Tier 1 capital to
adjusted total assets, as defined in the agreement. The February 2001 agreement
requires that Advanta National Bank obtain prior OCC approval of any future
dividends. Advanta Bank Corp. is unaffected by Advanta National Bank's
agreements with the OCC.

     Management believes that Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank were
each in compliance with their respective regulatory agreements at December 31,
2001.

LENDING AND LEASING ACTIVITIES

Although our current lending activities are principally directed to small
businesses, certain aspects of various federal and state laws, including the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Electronic
Funds Transfer Act, the Truth-in-Lending Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act,
apply to us. Provisions of these statutes and related regulations require
disclosure to borrowers of finance charges in terms of an annual percentage
rate, prohibit discriminatory practices in extending credit, require our
FDIC-insured banking institutions to serve the banking needs of their local
communities and regulate the dissemination and use of information relating to a
borrower's creditworthiness.

     Additionally, the GLB Act imposes privacy requirements dealing with the use
of nonpublic information about consumer customers. Retail deposit customers of
Advanta National Bank and Advanta Bank Corp. as

                                        9
<PAGE>

well as investors who purchase Advanta Corp.'s retail notes are subject to the
GLB Act and its accompanying regulations. This statute is not preemptive and
states may impose additional and more burdensome privacy requirements. To date,
North Dakota has extended these requirements and other states are considering
similar legislative or regulatory initiatives.

DIVIDENDS

There are various legal limitations on the extent to which national banks,
including Advanta National Bank, can supply funds through dividends to their
parent companies or affiliates. The prior approval of the OCC is required if the
total of all dividends declared by the national bank in any calendar year
exceeds its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for
the preceding two years, less any required transfers to surplus accounts. In
addition, a national bank may not pay a dividend in an amount greater than its
undivided profits then on hand after deducting its losses and bad debts. The OCC
also has authority under the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act to prohibit
a national bank from engaging in any unsafe or unsound practice in conducting
its business. It is possible, depending upon the financial condition of the bank
in question and other factors, that the OCC, pursuant to its authority under the
Financial Institutions Supervisory Act, could claim that a dividend payment
might under some circumstances be an unsafe or unsound practice.

     In February 2001, in connection with the Mortgage Transaction, the OCC
approved the payment of a return of capital in the amount of $261 million from
Advanta National Bank to Advanta Corp. Under Advanta National Bank's current
agreement with the OCC, Advanta National Bank is not eligible to pay any
dividends without the OCC's prior approval. In addition, as a result of Advanta
Bank Corp.'s agreement with the FDIC, Advanta Bank Corp. may not pay cash
dividends without prior FDIC approval. See "-- Regulatory Agreements."

TRANSFERS OF FUNDS

Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act also impose restrictions on
Advanta National Bank and Advanta Bank Corp. These restrictions limit the
transfer of funds by the depository institution to certain of its affiliates,
including Advanta Corp., in the form of loans, extensions of credit, investments
or purchases of assets. These transfers by any one depository institution to us
or any other single affiliate are limited in amount to 10% of the depository
institution's capital and surplus, and transfers to all affiliates are limited
in the aggregate to 20% of the depository institution's capital and surplus.
These loans and extensions of credit are also subject to various collateral
requirements. Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act also require
generally that the depository institution's transactions with its affiliates be
on terms no less favorable to the bank than comparable transactions with
unrelated third parties. In addition, in order for us to maintain our
grandfathered exemption under CEBA, Advanta National Bank is not permitted to
make any loans to us or any of our subsidiaries.

REGULATION OF INSURANCE

Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the laws and regulations of, and
supervision by, the states in which they are domiciled or have obtained
authority to transact insurance business. These states have adopted laws and
regulations which govern all insurance policy underwriting, rating, licensing,
marketing, administration and financial operations of an insurance company,
including dividend payments and financial solvency. In addition, our insurance
subsidiaries have registered as an Arizona Holding Company which requires an
annual registration and the approval of certain transactions between all
affiliated entities.

     The maximum dividend that any of our insurance subsidiaries can distribute
to Advanta Corp., in any twelve-month period, without prior approval of the
State of Arizona Department of Insurance, is the lesser of:

     - 10% of the subsidiary's statutory surplus; or

     - for any given twelve-month period, the subsidiary's net income, if it is
       a life insurance company; or

     - for any given twelve-month period, the subsidiary's net investment
       income, if it is a property and casualty insurance company.
                                        10
<PAGE>

During 2001, the State of Arizona Department of Insurance approved payments to
Advanta Corp. from its insurance subsidiaries totaling $63.6 million, consisting
of a $57.5 million return of capital and dividends of $6.1 million.

     The State of Arizona has adopted minimum risk-based capital standards as
developed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Risk-based
capital is the quantification of an insurer's investment, underwriting, reserve
and business risks in relation to its total adjusted capital and surplus. The
ratio of an insurer's total adjusted capital and surplus is compared to various
levels of risk-based capital to determine what intervention, if any, is required
by either the insurance company or an insurance department. At December 31,
2001, our insurance subsidiaries met all risk-based capital standards and
required no intervention by any party.

     Our insurance subsidiaries reinsure risks using underwriting insurance
practices and rates, which are regulated in part or fully by state insurance
departments. State insurance departments continually review and modify these
rates based on prior historical experience. Any modifications may impact the
future profitability of our insurance subsidiaries.

LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS

The banking and finance businesses in general are the subject of the extensive
regulation described above at both the state and federal levels, and numerous
legislative and regulatory proposals are advanced each year which, if adopted,
could affect our profitability or the manner in which we conduct our activities.
It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws,
regulations or initiatives, or whether any of the federal or state proposals
will become law and, if so, what impact they will have on us.

     In the fourth quarter of 2001, the bank regulatory agencies issued an
interagency policy statement that revised the regulatory capital treatment of
recourse, direct credit substitutes, and residual interests in asset
securitizations. This rule applies to our banking subsidiaries and supercedes
the former low-level recourse rules and requires that banks hold one dollar in
total risk-based capital against every dollar of residual interest, with some
exceptions. It further requires that credit enhancing interest-only strips in
excess of 25% of Tier 1 capital be deducted from Tier 1 capital for purposes of
calculating bank capital ratios. This rule has an effective date of January 1,
2002. Early adoption was permitted for transactions entered into prior to the
effective date that result in a reduced capital requirement. Banks can delay
until December 31, 2002 the application of the final rule to transactions
entered into prior to January 1, 2001 that result in increased capital
requirements. Advanta Bank Corp. elected to adopt the rule effective December
31, 2001 and it resulted in a reduced capital requirement. We do not anticipate
the adoption of this rule will have an effect on the capital requirements of
Advanta National Bank.

     Other federal legislative proposals and initiatives that could impact
Advanta and its businesses include financial privacy initiatives that would
restrict the permissible use of customer-specific financial and other credit
information and statutory changes to those aspects of the Truth in Lending Act
that are applicable to our business. In addition, Congress is currently
considering legislation to reform the Bankruptcy Code. The bankruptcy reform
bills would require that debtors pass a means test to determine eligibility for
bankruptcy relief while adding new consumer protections, such as new minimum
payment and introductory rate disclosures for credit cards and exemptions for
retirement savings in bankruptcy. They also would promote education and credit
counseling as alternatives to resolving financial difficulties, allowing more
debtors to avoid a bankruptcy filing. While these provisions are primarily
directed at consumer bankruptcies, they would also impact small businesses that
file for bankruptcy liquidation under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code.

     Our current marketing is based on direct marketing to small businesses
using direct mail, telemarketing and the Internet. There are a number of federal
and state legislative initiatives that would restrict the use of unsolicited
commercial e-mail and telemarketing to wireless telephones and would strengthen
"do not call list" laws. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission has proposed
a nationwide registry for consumers who wish to block telemarketing calls,
including provisions that would allow the blocking of telephone solicitations
from companies with which they already do business. While this proposal is
intended to apply to individual consumers, the practical application of the
registry may impact our marketing to small businesses as well.

                                        11
<PAGE>

     Following the attack on the United States on September 11, 2001, a number
of law enforcement-related financial privacy initiatives have also been enacted
or proposed. In addition, there are initiatives under consideration that could
affect the imposition of credit card late fees during periods when mail service
is limited or interrupted.

     Additionally, federal and state legislatures are considering legislative
and regulatory initiatives related to credit scoring disclosure, minimum monthly
payments and other legislation relating to credit card lending and marketing has
been proposed. While these initiatives are generally directed at consumer
transactions, it is possible that final legislation could impact small business
lending as well.

                                  COMPETITION

As a marketer of credit products, we face intense competition from numerous
financial services providers. Many of these companies are substantially larger
and have more capital and other resources than we do. Competition among lenders
can take many forms, including convenience in obtaining a loan, the size of
their existing customer base and the ability to cross sell products to that
customer base, customer service, size of loans, interest rates, and other types
of finance or service charges, the nature of the risk the lender is willing to
assume and the type of security, if any, required by the lender. Although we
believe we are generally competitive in most of the geographic areas in which we
offer our products and services, there can be no assurance that our ability to
market our services successfully or to obtain an adequate yield on our loans
will not be impacted by the nature of the competition that now exists or may
develop.

     In seeking investment funds from the public, we face competition from
banks, savings institutions, money market funds, mutual funds, credit unions and
a wide variety of private and public entities that sell debt securities, some of
which are publicly traded. Many of our competitors are larger and have more
capital and other resources than we have. Competition relates to matters such
as: rate of return, collateral, insurance or guarantees applicable to the
investment, if any; the amount required to be invested; convenience and the cost
to and conditions imposed upon the investor in investing and liquidating the
investment, including any commissions which must be paid or interest forfeited
on funds withdrawn; customer service; service charges, if any; and the
taxability of interest.

                                   EMPLOYEES

As of December 31, 2001, we had 734 employees. We believe that we have good
relationships with our employees. None of our employees is represented by a
collective bargaining unit.

                            ------------------------

     Information or statements provided by the Company from time to time may
contain certain "forward-looking information" including information relating to:
anticipated earnings per share; anticipated returns on equity; realizability of
net deferred tax asset; anticipated growth in loans outstanding and credit card
accounts; anticipated net interest margins; anticipated operations costs and
employment growth; anticipated payment and prepayment rates of outstanding
loans; anticipated marketing expense; estimated values of our retained interests
in securitizations and anticipated cash flows; our ability to replace existing
credit facilities, when they expire, with appropriate levels of funding on
similar terms and conditions; anticipated delinquencies and charge-offs; and
anticipated outcome and effects of litigation. The cautionary statements
provided below are being made pursuant to the provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "Act") and with the intention of
obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Act for any such
forward-looking information.

     We caution readers that any forward-looking information provided by us is
not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results may differ
materially from those in the forward-looking information as a result of various
factors, including but not limited to:

     - Increased credit losses and collection costs associated with a worsening
       of general economic conditions, rising interest rates, shifts in product
       mix within our portfolio of loans, rising delinquency levels,

                                        12
<PAGE>

       increases in the number of customers seeking protection under the
       bankruptcy laws resulting in accounts being charged off as uncollectible,
       and the effects of fraud by third parties or customers.

     - Intense and increasing competition from numerous providers of financial
       services who may employ various competitive strategies. We face
       competition from originators of business credit cards, some of which have
       greater resources than we do.

     - The completion of post-closing procedures following the Mortgage
       Transaction and revisions to estimated charges associated with the
       discontinued operations of our mortgage and leasing businesses.

     - The effects of interest rate fluctuations on our net interest margin and
       the value of our assets and liabilities; the continued legal or
       commercial availability of techniques, including loan pricing and
       repricing, hedging and other techniques, that we use to manage the risk
       of those fluctuations.

     - Difficulties or delays in the securitization of our receivables and the
       resulting impact on the cost and availability of such funding.
       Difficulties and delays may result from the current economic, legal,
       regulatory, accounting and tax environments and adverse changes in the
       performance of the securitized assets.

     - The amount, type and cost of financing available to us, including secured
       financing, and any changes to that financing including any impact from
       changes in the current economic, legal, regulatory, accounting and tax
       environments, adverse changes in the performance of our loan portfolio,
       any impact from changes in our debt ratings and the activities of parties
       with which we have agreements or understandings, including any activities
       affecting any investment.

     - Changes in our aggregate accounts or loan balances, and the growth rate
       thereof, including changes resulting from factors such as shifting
       product mix, amount of actual marketing investment made by us, the rate
       of repayment of loan balances, changes in general economic conditions and
       other factors beyond our control.

     - The impact of "seasoning" (the average age of a lender's portfolio) on
       our level of delinquencies and losses which may require a higher
       allowance for loan losses for on-balance sheet assets and may adversely
       impact securitization income. The addition of account originations or
       balances and the attrition of those accounts or balances could
       significantly impact the seasoning of our overall portfolio.

     - The amount of, and rate of growth in, our expenses (including employee
       and marketing expenses) as our businesses develop or change and we expand
       into new market areas; the acquisition or disposition of assets
       (interest-earning, fixed or other); and the effects of changes within our
       organization or in our compensation and benefit plans.

     - Difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and
       marketing of products or services, including, but not limited to, a
       failure to implement new product or service programs when anticipated,
       the failure of or delay in customers' acceptance of these products or
       services, losses associated with the testing and implementation of new
       products or services or financial, legal or other difficulties as may
       arise in the course of such implementation.

     - The effects of, and changes in, tax laws, rates, regulations and
       policies.

     - The effects of, and changes in, political conditions, social conditions
       and general economic conditions, including inflation, recession or other
       adverse economic conditions.

     - The effects of, and changes in the level of scrutiny, regulatory
       requirements and regulatory initiatives resulting from the fact that our
       banking and finance businesses are highly regulated and subject to
       periodic review and examination by federal and state regulators,
       including the OCC and the FDIC.

     - The effects of, and changes in, monetary and fiscal policies, federal and
       state laws and regulations (financial, consumer, regulatory or
       otherwise), and other activities of governments, agencies and other
       similar organizations, including the OCC and the FDIC.

                                        13
<PAGE>

     - The costs and other effects of legal and administrative cases and
       proceedings, settlements and investigations, claims and changes in those
       items, developments or assertions by or against us or any of our
       subsidiaries arising in the ordinary course of business or in connection
       with our discontinued operations.

     - Adoptions of new, or changes in existing, accounting policies and
       practices and the application of such policies and practices.

     - Our relationships with customers, significant vendors and business
       partners.

     - Our ability to attract and retain key personnel.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

At December 31, 2001, Advanta owned two buildings in Horsham, Pennsylvania
totaling 198,000 square feet. During January and February 2001, these buildings
were primarily used by Advanta Mortgage and Advanta Business Cards. As of March
1, 2001, these buildings were 100% leased to the buyer of Advanta's mortgage
business. Advanta leased 109,511 square feet in Spring House, Pennsylvania for
its principal executive offices and for use by Advanta Business Cards. Advanta
leased an additional 39,203 square feet in two buildings in the Pennsylvania
suburbs of Philadelphia for certain corporate staff functions, until August 31,
2001 when Advanta vacated one 33,000 square foot building. In the adjoining
state of New Jersey, Advanta owned one building consisting of 56,196 square feet
for its Leasing operations, until December 10, 2001, at which time the building
was sold. Advanta leased back 21,328 square feet on the third floor of the
building in New Jersey for Advanta Leasing Services. Advanta also leased 12,000
square feet of office space and 3,000 square feet of storage space in two
buildings in New Jersey for Advanta Leasing Services and a portion of Advanta
Business Cards operations. In Delaware, Advanta leased 36,589 square feet of
office space for Advanta National Bank. In New York, Advanta leased 6,000 square
feet of office space in two buildings for Advanta Partners LP and Advanta Growth
Capital Fund, LP. Advanta also leased 50,625 square feet of office space in Utah
for Advanta Bank Corp.

     In addition to the principal locations in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New
York, Delaware and Utah, until February 28, 2001 Advanta leased approximately
84,923 square feet of office space in twenty-one states to support the mortgage
loan production offices and an additional 6,213 square feet of office space in
five states to support Advanta Mortgage and Advanta Leasing Services. Since
Advanta ceased origination of new leases and exited the mortgage business in the
first quarter of 2001, Advanta has been buying out, assigning or subleasing this
space. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2001, the remaining leased space totaled
approximately 31,112 square feet.

     At December 31, 2001, the total leased and owned office space was
approximately 474,368 square feet.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

On January 22, 1999, Fleet Financial Group, Inc. ("Fleet") and certain of its
affiliates filed a lawsuit against Advanta Corp. and certain of its subsidiaries
in Delaware Chancery Court. Fleet's allegations, which we deny, center around
Fleet's assertions that we failed to complete certain post-closing adjustments
to the value of the assets and liabilities we contributed to Fleet Credit Card
LLC in connection with the transfer of our consumer credit card business in 1998
(the "Consumer Credit Card Transaction"). Fleet seeks damages of approximately
$141 million. We filed an answer to the complaint denying the material
allegations of the complaint, but acknowledging that we contributed $1.8 million
in excess liabilities in the post-closing adjustment process, after taking into
account the liabilities we have already assumed. We also filed a
countercomplaint against Fleet for approximately $101 million in damages we
believe have been caused by certain actions of Fleet following the closing of
the Consumer Credit Card Transaction. In October 2001, the court issued a ruling
on summary judgment in favor of Fleet on certain legal issues and positions
advocated by Fleet and against others that Fleet advocated. As a result, for
purposes of trial only, the parties stipulated to a number of issues relating to
the court's orders including certain amounts that would be owed by each party to
the other, while preserving their rights to appeal. Many issues remained to be
determined at trial, including the financial impact of all

                                        14
<PAGE>

issues in dispute. The trial took place in November and December 2001. The court
ordered a post-trial briefing schedule, which has the parties submitting briefs
through March 2002, with oral argument scheduled for April 2002. As a result of
related litigation with Fleet, $70.1 million of our reserves in connection with
this litigation were funded in an escrow account in February 2001. Taking into
account amounts that Fleet owes to us and the amount escrowed, including
interest, we have funded our estimated maximum net exposure to Fleet in the
litigation. Management expects that the ultimate resolution of this litigation
will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or future
operating results given the amount escrowed, our reserves and amounts that Fleet
owes us.

     On December 5, 2000, a former executive of Advanta obtained a jury verdict
against Advanta in the amount of $3.9 million in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, in connection with various
claims against Advanta related to the executive's termination of employment. In
September 2001, the District Court Judge issued orders denying both parties'
post-trial motions. A judgment in the amount of approximately $6 million, which
includes the $3.9 million described above, was entered against Advanta. In
September 2001, Advanta filed an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Advanta has posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $8
million and has filed its principal brief in the Court of Appeals. The plaintiff
filed a cross-appeal from the order adverse to him. Advanta is vigorously
pursuing its appeal. The District Court Judge has not yet ruled on the
executive's petition for attorney's fees and costs in the amount of
approximately $1.2 million, which Advanta has contested. Management expects that
the ultimate resolution of this litigation will not have a material adverse
effect on our financial position or future operating results.

     On December 21, 2000, Banc One Financial Services, Inc. and Bank One, N.A
(together "Banc One") filed a complaint in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division, that alleges, among other
things, that Advanta breached two mortgage loan servicing agreements by
wrongfully withholding as termination fees an amount in excess of $23 million,
from amounts that we had collected under the loan servicing agreements. An
answer to Banc One's second amended complaint was filed in July 2001 denying
liability, raising affirmative defenses and asserting a counterclaim. Various
motions were filed, including Advanta's motion for partial summary judgment
under one of the two loan servicing agreements, Banc One's motion for summary
judgment on liability under both loan servicing agreements, and Banc One's
motions to strike Advanta's counterclaim and ninth affirmative defense (both
alleging breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing). In
January 2002, the court entered an opinion and order on the pending motions,
which granted in part and denied in part both parties' motions for summary
judgment. The court treated Banc One's motions to strike as motions for summary
judgment, and although not entirely clear on this point, apparently granted them
in part and denied them in part. Banc One's motions to strike were denied as
moot. The court's ruling is essentially an interlocutory ruling in favor of
Advanta under one of the two agreements and in favor of Banc One under the other
of the two agreements. Advanta's counterclaim survives in part. The court's
order does not constitute a final judgment and no assessment of damages either
on Advanta's counterclaim or Banc One's claim has occurred. Further proceedings
in the trial court on the matter of damages on both the surviving portion of
Advanta's counterclaim and Banc One's surviving claim are to ensue. The amount
of damages which Banc One might ultimately be entitled to recover from Advanta
remains undetermined and dependent upon a number of factors, including the
resolution of various legal issues which remain to be resolved and the amount of
any damages Advanta might be entitled to recover against Banc One, which
likewise remains undetermined. Management expects that the ultimate resolution
of this litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial
position or future operating results.

     On July 26, 2001, Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation ("Chase") filed a
complaint against Advanta and certain of its subsidiaries in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware alleging, among other things, that
Advanta breached its contract with Chase in connection with the Mortgage
Transaction. Chase claims that Advanta misled Chase concerning the value of
certain of the assets sold to Chase. In September 2001, Advanta filed an answer
to the complaint in which Advanta denied all of the substantive allegations of
the complaint and asserted a counterclaim against Chase for breach of contract
relating to funds owed by Chase to Advanta in connection with the transaction.
The matter is in discovery and trial is scheduled for April 2003. We believe
that the lawsuit is without merit and will vigorously defend Advanta. We do not

                                        15
<PAGE>

expect this lawsuit to have any impact on our continuing business and, based on
the complete lack of merit, we do not anticipate that the lawsuit will have a
material adverse impact to Advanta or the named subsidiaries.

     On November 8, 2001 and January 28, 2002, Grant Thornton, LLP ("Grant
Thornton") filed third-party complaints against Advanta Mortgage Corp., USA
("AMCUSA") in two related lawsuits in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of West Virginia. The third-party claims allege negligent
misrepresentation, claiming without specificity or factual support that Grant
Thornton received inaccurate information from AMCUSA concerning the amount of
loans that AMCUSA had been servicing for the First National Bank of Keystone,
West Virginia ("Keystone"). Grant Thornton was the former auditor for Keystone,
which failed. Grant Thornton was sued on November 9, 1999 and January 28, 2000
by shareholders and others with purported ownership interests in Keystone,
alleging that Grant Thornton rendered an unqualified opinion for Keystone's
financial statements, when in fact the financial statements fraudulently
overstated Keystone's assets by approximately $500 million. In December 2001 and
February 2002, AMCUSA filed motions to dismiss the third-party complaints. We
plan to vigorously defend this litigation, and because we believe that the
likelihood of a final judgment of liability against AMCUSA is remote, we do not
expect that the ultimate resolution of this litigation will have a material
adverse effect on our financial position or future operating results.

     On December 20, 2001, a purported shareholder of Advanta filed a complaint
in the Court of Common Pleas of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that alleges,
among other things that certain members of Advanta's Board of Directors breached
their fiduciary duties in connection with their oversight of Advanta management
relating to certain issues in dispute between Advanta and Fleet. The action is a
derivative lawsuit pursuant to which certain members of Advanta's Board of
Directors are named as defendants and Advanta is merely a nominal defendant. In
essence, the complaint alleges that the directors failed to cause Advanta to
voluntarily pay Fleet the amounts that Fleet claims in the dispute. The
complaint was served in January 2002. We believe that the lawsuit is without
merit both substantively and procedurally and will vigorously defend the claims.
In February 2002 preliminary objections to the allegations were filed with the
court, asserting that the complaint failed to allege any viable claim and that
the plaintiff failed to comply with the procedural requirements to bring his
claim.

     In addition to the cases described above, Advanta Corp. and its
subsidiaries are involved in class action lawsuits, other litigation, claims and
legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or discontinued
operations, including litigation arising from our operation of the mortgage
business prior to the Mortgage Transaction in the first quarter of 2001.
Management believes that the aggregate liabilities, if any, resulting from all
litigation, claims and other legal proceedings will not have a material adverse
effect on the consolidated financial position or results of our operations based
on the level of litigation reserves we have established and our expectations
regarding the ultimate resolutions of these actions. However, due to the
inherent uncertainty in litigation and since the ultimate resolutions of our
litigation, claims and other legal proceedings are influenced by factors outside
of our control, it is reasonably possible that our estimated liability under
these proceedings may change or that actual results will differ from our
estimates.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Not applicable.

                                        16
<PAGE>

                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Each of the executive officers of Advanta Corp. and its subsidiaries listed
below was elected by the applicable Board of Directors, to serve at the pleasure
of the Board in the capacities indicated.

<Table>
<Caption>
NAME                             AGE                        OFFICE                        DATE ELECTED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>    <C>                                               <C>
Dennis Alter                     59     Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive             1972
                                        Officer
William A. Rosoff                58     Vice Chairman of the Board and President              1996
Jeffrey D. Beck                  53     Vice President and Treasurer of Advanta Corp.         2001
                                        and President and Chief Investment Officer,
                                        Advanta Bank Corp.
Philip M. Browne                 42     Senior Vice President and Chief Financial             1998
                                        Officer
Christopher J. Carroll           42     Chief Credit Officer                                  2001
Rosemary Cauchon                 44     Senior Vice President of Advanta Corp. and            2001
                                        President, Advanta Small Business Services
David B. Weinstock               37     Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer           2001
</Table>

     Mr. Alter became Executive Vice President and a Director of Advanta Corp.'s
predecessor organization in 1967. He was elected President and Chief Executive
Officer in 1972, and Chairman of the Board of Directors in August 1985. In
February 1986, he relinquished the title of President, and in August 1995 he
relinquished the title of Chief Executive Officer. In October 1997, Mr. Alter
reassumed the title of Chief Executive Officer

     Mr. Rosoff joined Advanta Corp. in January 1996 as a Director and Vice
Chairman. In October 1999, Mr. Rosoff became President and Vice Chairman of the
Board of Advanta Corp. Prior to joining Advanta Corp., Mr. Rosoff was a long
time partner of the law firm of Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen LLP, Advanta
Corp.'s outside counsel, where he advised Advanta Corp. for over 20 years. While
at Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen LLP, he served as Chairman of its
Executive Committee and, immediately before joining Advanta Corp., as a member
of its Executive Committee and Chairman of its Tax Department. Mr. Rosoff is a
Trustee of Atlantic Realty Trust, a publicly held real estate investment trust.

     Mr. Beck joined Advanta Corp. in 1986 as Senior Vice President of Advanta
National Bank and was elected Vice President and Treasurer of Advanta Corp. in
1992. In June 2000, Mr. Beck was elected Chief Investment Officer of Advanta
Bank Corp. and in May 2001, he was elected President of Advanta Bank Corp.

     Mr. Browne joined Advanta Corp. in June 1998 as Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Advanta Corp., he was an Audit and
Business Advisory Partner at Arthur Andersen LLP where, for over sixteen years,
he audited public and private companies and provided business advisory and
consulting services to financial services companies. Mr. Browne had served as
the Arthur Andersen engagement partner for Advanta Corp. since 1994. Mr. Browne
is a director of AF&L Insurance Company, a privately held long-term care and
home health care insurance company.

     Mr. Carroll joined Advanta Corp. in 2001 as Chief Credit Officer. Prior to
joining Advanta Corp., Mr. Carroll was a consultant with The Secura Group for
two years where he assisted clients, including Advanta, with bank regulatory
issues in areas such as credit risk management, credit policy and process
management, regulatory compliance, due diligence, and consolidation and
conversion projects. Prior to that, he held a variety of positions in credit
management and administration at First Interstate Bancorp. (now Wells Fargo),
where he spent 11 years as a consumer and commercial lender, credit
administrator, regulatory liaison and credit risk manager.

     Ms. Cauchon joined Advanta Corp. in 2001 as Senior Vice President of
Advanta Corp. and President, Advanta Small Business Services. Prior to joining
Advanta Corp., she was Executive Vice President, Partnership Marketing and
Business Card Group at First USA Bank where she managed a $30 billion portfolio
and 1,900 partnership relationships. Prior to assuming that position, between
1994 and 2000

                                        17
<PAGE>

Ms. Cauchon served First USA Bank in various other capacities including
Executive Vice President, Cobrand Marketing and Business Card Group and Senior
Vice President, Marketing Analysis and Database Marketing.

     Mr. Weinstock joined Advanta Corp. in 1998 and became Vice President and
Chief Accounting Officer in March 2001. Mr. Weinstock joined the Company in
December 1998 as Controller and he became Vice President of Investor Relations
in October 1999. Prior to joining Advanta Corp., Mr. Weinstock served as Senior
Manager at Arthur Andersen LLP from 1996 to 1998, where he audited public and
private companies and provided business advisory and consulting services to
financial services companies.

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
        MATTERS.

COMMON STOCK PRICE RANGES AND DIVIDENDS

The Company's common stock is traded on the National Market System of The Nasdaq
Stock Market, Inc. under the symbols ADVNA (Class A voting common stock) and
ADVNB (Class B non-voting common stock).

     Following are the high, low and closing sale prices and cash dividends
declared for the last two years as they apply to each class of stock:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                                 CASH
                                                                               DIVIDENDS
QUARTER ENDED:                                    HIGH      LOW      CLOSE     DECLARED
- --------------                                   ------    ------    ------    ---------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
CLASS A:
March 31, 2000                                   $21.88    $16.88    $20.31     $0.063
June 30, 2000                                     21.00     10.88     12.19      0.063
September 30, 2000                                13.56     10.69     11.25      0.063
December 31, 2000                                 11.88      5.75      8.81      0.063
March 31, 2001                                   $16.00    $ 8.75    $15.81     $0.063
June 30, 2001                                     16.00     12.86     16.00      0.063
September 30, 2001                                19.10      8.00      9.40      0.063
December 31, 2001                                 11.72      8.00      9.94      0.063
CLASS B:
March 31, 2000                                   $15.50    $11.50    $14.48     $0.076
June 30, 2000                                     15.13      7.75      8.50      0.076
September 30, 2000                                10.19      7.50      8.14      0.076
December 31, 2000                                  8.38      4.13      7.19      0.076
March 31, 2001                                   $14.00    $ 7.16    $13.69     $0.076
June 30, 2001                                     14.00     11.90     13.97      0.076
September 30, 2001                                17.10      8.10      8.95      0.076
December 31, 2001                                 10.79      6.85      9.10      0.076
</Table>

     At March 1, 2002, the Company had approximately 260 and 748 holders of
record of Class A and Class B common stock, respectively.

     Although we anticipate that comparable cash dividends will continue to be
paid in the future, the payment of future dividends by Advanta will be at the
discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on numerous factors
including Advanta's cash flow, financial condition, capital requirements and
such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant.

                                        18
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

<Table>
<Caption>
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001         2000         1999         1998         1997
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Summary of Operations(1)
  Noninterest revenues                      $  188,960   $  157,081   $  105,370   $  140,408   $  655,605
  Interest revenues                            117,851      136,100      104,584      111,502      331,021
  Interest expense                              82,470       86,508       80,800      101,226      266,118
  Provision for credit losses                   35,976       36,309       22,506       38,329      199,509
  Operating expenses                           180,186      150,292       95,506      136,835      466,535
  Minority interest in income of
    consolidated subsidiary                      8,880        8,880        8,880        8,880        8,880
  Unusual charges(2)                            41,750            0       16,713      125,072            0
  Gain on transfer of consumer credit card
    business                                         0            0            0      541,288            0
  Income (loss) before income taxes            (42,451)      11,192      (14,451)     382,856       45,584
  Income (loss) from continuing operations     (30,456)      11,192       41,334      408,604       25,920
  Income (loss) from discontinued
    operations, net of tax                      (8,438)    (163,578)       8,484       39,276       45,705
  Loss, net, on discontinuance of mortgage
    and leasing businesses, net of tax         (31,639)      (4,298)           0            0            0
  Net income (loss)                            (70,533)    (156,684)      49,818      447,880       71,625
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Per Common Share Data
  Basic income (loss) from continuing
    operations
    Class A                                 $    (1.23)  $     0.39   $     1.59   $    15.14   $     0.38
    Class B                                      (1.17)        0.47         1.66        15.21         0.50
    Combined(3)                                  (1.19)        0.44         1.63        15.18         0.45
  Diluted income (loss) from continuing
    operations
    Class A                                      (1.23)        0.39         1.58        14.32         0.38
    Class B                                      (1.17)        0.46         1.65        14.35         0.49
    Combined(3)                                  (1.19)        0.44         1.62        14.33         0.45
  Basic net income (loss)
    Class A                                      (2.79)       (6.28)        1.95        16.62         1.45
    Class B                                      (2.73)       (6.21)        2.02        16.68         1.57
    Combined(3)                                  (2.75)       (6.24)        1.99        16.65         1.52
  Diluted net income (loss)
    Class A                                      (2.79)       (6.23)        1.94        15.69         1.43
    Class B                                      (2.73)       (6.16)        2.00        15.73         1.54
    Combined(3)                                  (2.75)       (6.19)        1.98        15.71         1.50
  Cash dividends declared
    Class A                                      0.252        0.252        0.252        0.252        0.440
    Class B                                      0.302        0.302        0.302        0.302        0.528
  Book value-combined                            14.20        17.06        23.14        21.26        19.01
  Closing stock price
    Class A                                       9.94         8.81        18.25        13.25        26.25
    Class B                                       9.10         7.19        14.06        11.06        25.38
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Condition -- Year End
  Investments(4)                            $  476,568   $  866,376   $  893,819   $1,290,373   $1,378,772
  Gross business credit card receivables
    Owned                                      416,265      335,087      275,095      150,022      140,399
    Securitized                              1,626,709    1,324,137      765,019      664,712      522,688
                                            --------------------------------------------------------------
    Managed                                  2,042,974    1,659,224    1,040,114      814,734      663,087
  Total assets                               1,636,680    2,843,472    3,538,560    3,662,062    6,637,617
  Deposits                                     636,915    1,346,976    1,512,359    1,749,790    3,017,611
  Debt                                         323,582      755,184      788,508    1,030,147    2,248,172
  Capital securities(5)                        100,000      100,000      100,000      100,000      100,000
  Stockholders' equity                         366,299      440,902      589,631      560,304      926,950
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

                                        19
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001         2000         1999         1998         1997
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Selected Financial Ratios
  Return on average assets                       (3.39)%      (4.35)%       1.34%       11.95%        1.09%
  Return on average common equity               (17.50)      (31.37)        8.82        82.76         8.47
  Return on average total equity(6)             (12.82)      (25.11)        8.30        64.81         8.12
  Equity/owned assets(6)                         28.49        19.02        19.49        18.03        15.47
  Dividend payout(7)                               N/M          N/M        15.67         1.62        33.34
  As a percentage of managed receivables:
    Total receivables 30 days or more
       delinquent                                  6.6          5.0          3.7          4.4          5.2
    Net charge-offs(8)                             7.6          4.6          5.1          6.7          6.8
==========================================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Results through February 1998 include the results of the consumer credit
    card unit. The results of the mortgage and leasing businesses are reported
    as discontinued operations in all periods presented.

(2) 2001 amounts included severance, outplacement and other compensation costs
    associated with restructuring our corporate functions commensurate with the
    ongoing businesses as well as expenses associated with exited businesses and
    assets impairments. 1999 amounts included charges associated with cost
    reduction initiatives in the first quarter and additional costs associated
    with products exited in the first quarter of 1998. 1998 amounts included
    severance and outplacement costs associated with workforce reduction, option
    exercises and other employee costs associated with the disposition of our
    consumer credit card business and tender offer, and expense associated with
    exited business/products and asset impairment.

(3) Combined represents a weighted average of Class A and Class B (see Note 1 to
    the consolidated financial statements).

(4) Includes federal funds sold, investments available for sale and trading
    investments.

(5) Represents company-obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred securities of
    subsidiary trust holding solely subordinated debentures of Advanta Corp.

(6) Return on average total equity and equity/owned assets include capital
    securities as equity. The ratios without capital securities for 2001 were
    (17.42%) and 22.38%, respectively, for 2000 were (31.28%) and 15.51%,
    respectively, for 1999 were 8.82% and 16.66%, respectively, for 1998 were
    74.75% and 15.30%, respectively and for 1997 were 8.33% and 13.97%,
    respectively.

(7) The dividend payout ratio for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 is
    negative and therefore, not meaningful.

(8) Effective October 1, 2000, business credit card charge-off statistics
    reflect the adoption of a new charge-off policy for bankruptcies. Bankrupt
    business credit cards are charged off within a 60-day investigative period
    after receipt of notification. The previous policy provided a 90-day
    investigative period. Managed business credit card charge-offs for the year
    ended December 31, 2000 include a 0.2% acceleration of charge-offs in
    connection with the adoption of this policy.

                                        20
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OVERVIEW

Our primary business segment is Advanta Business Cards, one of the nation's
largest issuers of business credit cards to small businesses. In addition to our
business credit card lending business, we have venture capital investments.
Through the first quarter of 2001, we had two additional lending businesses,
Advanta Mortgage and Advanta Leasing Services. In the first quarter of 2001, we
exited our mortgage business, announced the discontinuance of our leasing
business, and restructured our corporate functions to a size commensurate with
our ongoing businesses. We are continuing to service the existing leasing
portfolio rather than sell the business or the portfolio. The results of the
mortgage and leasing businesses are reported as discontinued operations in all
periods presented. The results of our ongoing businesses are reported as
continuing operations for all periods presented.

     For the year ended December 31, 2001, we reported net loss from continuing
operations of $30.5 million or $1.19 per combined common share, assuming
dilution, compared to net income of $11.2 million or $0.44 per combined diluted
common share for the year ended December 31, 2000. For the year ended December
31, 1999, we reported net income from continuing operations of $41.3 million or
$1.62 per combined diluted common share. The loss from continuing operations for
the year ended December 31, 2001 includes pretax investment losses on venture
capital investments of $28.9 million and $41.8 million of pretax unusual charges
representing costs associated with the restructure of our corporate functions to
a size commensurate with our ongoing businesses and certain other unusual
charges related to employee costs.

     In 2000, income from continuing operations includes pretax investment
gains, net, on venture capital investments of $7.7 million, a pretax increase in
the provision for credit losses on business credit cards of $18.4 million, and a
$7.0 million pretax charge for an increase in litigation reserves.

     In 1999, income from continuing operations includes a tax benefit of $50.0
million related to the former consumer credit card business. Income from
continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 1999 also includes pretax
unusual charges of $6.7 million for severance and outplacement costs associated
with cost cutting initiatives implemented in the first quarter of 1999 and $10.0
million of additional costs associated with products exited in the first quarter
of 1998. In addition, in 1999 we recognized pretax investment gains on venture
capital investments of $29.2 million, and non-operating charges of $16.9 million
related to our exit from the auto finance business.

     Net income (loss) from continuing operations included the following
business segment results:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -----------------------------
                                                                2001      2000       1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>       <C>
ADVANTA BUSINESS CARDS
Pretax income                                                 $ 63,515   $45,325   $ 11,997
Income tax (expense)                                           (24,452)        0     (4,727)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                    $ 39,063   $45,325   $  7,270
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
VENTURE CAPITAL
Pretax income (loss)                                          $(33,158)  $ 3,382   $ 26,329
Income tax (expense) benefit                                    12,765         0    (10,068)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                             $(20,393)  $ 3,382   $ 16,261
===========================================================================================
</Table>

     Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $8.4 million for the
period from January 1, 2001 through February 28, 2001, the effective date of the
Mortgage Transaction. Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $163.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2000 and income from discontinued
operations, net of tax, was $8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
In addition to the operating results of the discontinued operations, we recorded
a loss on the discontinuance of our leasing business of $4.3 million, net of
tax, effective December 31, 2000. We also recorded an after tax loss on the
discontinuance of our mortgage and leasing businesses of $31.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2001. The components of the net loss recorded in 2001
include a pretax gain on the Mortgage Transaction of

                                        21
<PAGE>

$20.8 million, a pretax loss on the discontinuance of our leasing business of
$45.0 million, and tax expense of $7.4 million. The loss on the discontinuance
of our leasing business in the year ended December 31, 2001 represents a
revision to the estimated valuation of leasing assets and a decrease in the
estimated pretax operating results over the remaining life of the lease
portfolio, due primarily to the impact of a former leasing vendor's bankruptcy.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have
identified accounting for securitizations, the allowance for credit losses,
valuation of venture capital investments, valuation allowances on deferred tax
assets and litigation contingencies as our most critical accounting policies and
estimates in that they are important to the portrayal of our financial condition
and results, and they require management's most difficult, subjective or complex
judgments as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters
that are inherently uncertain. These accounting policies, including the nature
of the estimates and types of assumptions used, are described throughout
Management's Discussion and Analysis.

ADVANTA BUSINESS CARDS

OVERVIEW

Advanta Business Cards offers business credit cards to small businesses using
targeted direct mail, the Internet and telemarketing solicitation of potential
cardholders. This product provides approved customers with access, through
merchants, banks, checks and ATMs, to an instant unsecured revolving business
credit line. Advanta Business Cards generates interest and other income through
finance charges assessed on outstanding balances, interchange income, and cash
advance and other credit card fees.

     The managed business credit card receivable portfolio grew from $1.0
billion at December 31, 1999 to $1.7 billion at December 31, 2000 and $2.0
billion at December 31, 2001. Advanta Business Cards originated 224,255 new
accounts during the year ended December 31, 2001, 311,275 new accounts in 2000
and 146,436 new accounts in 1999. The growth in receivables and level of
originations in 2001 reflected our plan to grow our portfolio in a controlled
manner that we believed was prudent given the prevailing economic environment.

     Pretax income for Advanta Business Cards was $63.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2001 as compared to $45.3 million for year ended December 31,
2000 and $12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1999. The components of
pretax income for Advanta Business Cards for the years ended December 31 were as
follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                2001       2000      1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Net interest income on owned receivables                      $ 43,337   $ 47,039   $23,185
Noninterest revenues                                           225,364    155,500    84,252
Provision for credit losses                                     35,373     36,307    17,926
Operating expenses                                             169,813    120,907    77,514
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pretax income                                                 $ 63,515   $ 45,325   $11,997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

     The increase in noninterest revenues in both years is due primarily to
growth in securitized receivables and increased interchange income. The
increases in operating expenses in both years resulted from growth in managed
receivables. The provision for credit losses and noninterest revenues in the
year ended December 31, 2001 include the impact of an increase in managed credit
losses due to the seasoning of the business credit card portfolio and the
current economic environment. The provision for credit losses for the year ended
December 31, 2000 includes an $8 million increase attributable to a revision of
our estimate of the allowance for credit losses as a result of the following
factors: (1) discussions with our banking regulators relating to the

                                        22
<PAGE>

implementation of the agreement between Advanta Bank Corp. and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation that was disclosed in June 2000; (2) changes in
the economic environment; and (3) the use of more conservative loss estimates
for certain segments of the loan portfolio. See further discussion in the
"Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses" section of Management's Discussion
and Analysis.

     The following table provides selected information on a managed loan
portfolio basis.

MANAGED PORTFOLIO DATA
($ IN THOUSANDS)

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                2001         2000         1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
Average managed business credit card receivables             $1,872,314   $1,372,717   $  892,862
Ending managed business credit card receivables               2,042,974    1,659,224    1,040,114
Ending number of accounts -- managed                            682,890      585,836      352,312
As a percentage of average managed receivables:
          Net interest margin                                      15.0%        12.8%        11.5%
          Fee revenues                                              5.6          5.4          4.4
          Net charge-offs                                           7.7          4.7          5.0
          Risk-adjusted revenues(1)                                12.9         13.5         10.9
Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent at December 31         6.7%         5.0%         3.7%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

(1) Risk-adjusted revenues represent net interest margin and fee revenues, less
    net charge-offs.

SECURITIZATION INCOME

A significant portion of our funding is through off-balance sheet business
credit card securitizations via a securitization trust. The securitization trust
was created to hold the collateral (the securitized receivables) and issue debt
to investors. The securitization trust is a qualifying special-purpose entity as
defined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 140,
"Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments
of Liabilities -- a Replacement of FASB Statement No. 125," and therefore, is
not consolidated as part of Advanta Corp.'s consolidated financial statements.
We do not provide any guarantee of the debt issued by the special-purpose entity
and our recourse in the transactions is limited to the value of our interests in
securitizations that act as credit enhancement to the investors' interests.

     We sell business credit card receivables through securitizations with
servicing retained. When we securitize, we surrender control over the
transferred assets and account for the transaction as a sale to the extent that
consideration other than beneficial interests in the transferred assets is
received in exchange. We allocate the previous carrying amount of the
securitized receivables between the assets sold and the retained interests,
based on their relative estimated fair values at the date of sale.
Securitization income is recognized at the time of the sale, equal to the excess
of the fair value of the assets obtained (principally cash) over the allocated
cost of the assets sold and transaction costs. During the revolving period of
each business credit card securitization, securitization income is recorded
representing estimated gains on the sale of new receivables to the
securitization trust on a continuous basis to replenish the investors' interest
in securitized receivables that have been repaid by the business credit card
account holders. Fair value estimates used in the recognition of securitization
income require certain assumptions of payment, default and interest rates. To
the extent actual results are different than those estimates, the impact is
recognized in securitization income.

     Retained interests in securitizations include restricted cash reserve
accounts, retained interest-only strips and subordinated trust assets related to
securitizations. Subordinated trust assets represent an ownership interest in
the securitized receivables that is subordinated to the other investors'
interests. Retained interests in securitizations serve as credit enhancement for
the securitization transactions. We account for retained interests in
securitizations as trading securities. These assets are recorded at estimated
fair value and the resulting unrealized gain or loss from the valuation is
included in securitization income.

     We estimate the fair value of retained interests in securitizations based
on a discounted cash flow analysis. The cash flows of the retained interest-only
strip are estimated as the excess of the weighted average

                                        23
<PAGE>

finance charge yield on each pool of the receivables sold over the sum of the
interest rate paid to the note holder, the servicing fee and an estimate of
future credit losses over the life of the receivables. Cash flows are discounted
from the date the cash is expected to become available to us (the "cash-out"
method). These cash flows are projected over the life of the receivables using
payment, default, and interest rate assumptions that management believes would
be used by market participants for similar financial instruments subject to
prepayment, credit and interest rate risk. The cash flows are discounted using
an interest rate that management believes a purchaser unrelated to the seller of
the financial instrument would demand. As all estimates used are influenced by
factors outside our control, there is uncertainty inherent in these estimates,
making it reasonably possible that they could change in the near term. See Note
6 to the consolidated financial statements for the key assumptions used in the
estimation of fair values of the retained interests in securitizations at
December 31, 2001 and 2000. Interest income is recognized over the life of the
retained interests in securitizations using the discount rate used in the
valuation.

     Advanta Business Cards recognized securitization income of $113.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2001, $70.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2000, and $33.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999. The increase
in securitization income in 2001 and 2000 was due to increased volume of
securitized receivables and increased yields on securitized receivables,
partially offset by increased credit losses on securitized receivables.

     In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140 which revised the standards
for accounting for securitizations and other transfers of financial assets and
collateral and required certain disclosures, but carried over most of SFAS No.
125's provisions without amendment. SFAS No. 140 was effective for transfers and
servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities occurring after
March 31, 2001. The statement was effective for recognition and reclassification
of collateral and for disclosures relating to securitization transactions and
collateral for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2000. The adoption of SFAS
No. 140 did not have a material effect on our financial position or results of
operations.

     We adopted Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 99-20, "Recognition of Interest
Income and Impairment on Purchased and Retained Beneficial Interest in
Securitized Financial Assets" on April 1, 2001. The implementation of EITF 99-20
did not have a material effect on our financial position or results of
operations.

SERVICING REVENUES

Advanta Business Cards recognized servicing revenue of $29.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2001, $17.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2000, and $13.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999. The increase in
servicing revenue in 2001 and 2000 was due to increased volume of securitized
receivables.

INTERCHANGE INCOME

Business credit card interchange income on the managed portfolio was $80.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2001, $61.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2000, and $33.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999. The
increase in interchange income in both years was primarily due to higher
purchase volume related to the increase in average managed business credit card
accounts and receivables. The average interchange rate was 2.2% for the year
ended December 31, 2001 and 2.1% for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999.

VENTURE CAPITAL

Our venture capital segment makes venture capital investments through our
affiliates. Our investment objective is to earn attractive returns by building
the long-term values of the businesses in which we invest. Our investment
affiliates combine transaction expertise, management skills and a broad contact
base with strong industry-specific knowledge. We actively monitor the
performance of our venture capital investments and employees and officers of our
investment affiliates participate on the boards of directors of some investees.
Investments of our venture capital unit are included in investments available
for sale and are carried at estimated fair value following the specialized
industry accounting principles of this unit. Management makes fair value
determinations based on quoted market prices, when available, and considers the
investees' financial

                                        24
<PAGE>

results, conditions and prospects when market prices are not available. In
accordance with the specialized industry accounting principles of venture
capital investment companies, the unrealized and realized gains and losses on
these investments are included in other revenues rather than other comprehensive
income and the equity method of accounting for investments is not applied.

     The fair value of our venture capital investments was $18.6 million at
December 31, 2001 and $45.3 million at December 31, 2000. The fair values of
these equity investments are subject to significant volatility. Our investments
in specific companies and industry segments may vary over time, and changes in
concentrations may affect price volatility. We primarily invest in
privately-held companies, including early stage companies. These investments are
inherently risky as the market for the technologies or products the investees
have under development may never materialize.

     Consistent with market conditions for venture capital investments, pretax
loss for the venture capital segment was $33.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2001, and included $28.9 million of realized losses and decreases
in valuations of venture capital investments. Pretax income for the venture
capital segment was $3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, and
included $11.4 million in gains on the sale of venture capital investments and
$3.7 million of net decreases in valuations of venture capital investments.
Pretax income for the venture capital segment was $26.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999, and included $29.2 million of gains on the sale of
venture capital investments.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

We recorded a loss on the discontinuance of our leasing business of $4.3
million, net of tax, effective December 31, 2000. We also recorded an after tax
loss on the discontinuance of our mortgage and leasing businesses of $31.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2001. The components of the net loss
recorded in 2001 include a pretax gain on the Mortgage Transaction of $20.8
million, a pretax loss on the discontinuance of our leasing business of $45.0
million, and tax expense of $7.4 million.

     Effective February 28, 2001, we completed the Mortgage Transaction and exit
of our mortgage business, Advanta Mortgage, through a purchase and sale
agreement with Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation as buyer. Prior to the
Mortgage Transaction, Advanta Mortgage made nonconforming home equity loans
directly to consumers and through brokers. This business unit originated and
serviced first and second lien mortgage loans, including home equity lines of
credit, through subsidiaries of Advanta. In addition to servicing and managing
the loans it originated, Advanta Mortgage contracted with third parties to
service their nonconforming home equity loans on a subservicing basis. Following
the Mortgage Transaction, we no longer operate a mortgage business. The purchase
and sale agreement provided for the sale, transfer and assignment of
substantially all of the assets and operating liabilities associated with our
mortgage business, as well as specified contingent liabilities arising from our
operation of the mortgage business prior to closing that were identified in the
purchase and sale agreement. We retained contingent liabilities, primarily
relating to litigation, arising from our operation of the mortgage business
before closing that were not specifically assumed by the buyer. The proceeds
from the sale exceeded $1 billion, subject to closing adjustments, resulting in
an estimated gross gain of approximately $60 million before transaction
expenses, severance expenses and other costs. The gain on the Mortgage
Transaction does not reflect any impact from the post-closing adjustment
process. Although the Mortgage Transaction resulted in a gain for financial
reporting purposes, due to book/tax differences, we will not pay any material
federal income tax as a result of the sale. See Note 11 to the consolidated
financial statements for a discussion of litigation related to the Mortgage
Transaction.

     On January 23, 2001, we announced that after a thorough review of strategic
alternatives available for our leasing business, Advanta Leasing Services, we
decided to cease originating leases. Advanta Leasing Services offered flexible
lease financing programs on small-ticket equipment to small businesses. The
primary products financed included office machinery, security systems and
computers. We will continue to service the existing portfolio rather than sell
the business or the portfolio. In connection with the discontinuance of the
leasing business, we recorded a $4.3 million pretax loss effective December 31,
2000, representing the estimated operating results through the remaining term of
the leasing portfolio. Estimated operating results of the leasing

                                        25
<PAGE>

business included estimated valuations of retained interests in leasing
securitizations, estimated cash flows from on-balance sheet lease receivables,
interest expense and operating expenses. As all estimates used are influenced by
factors outside our control, there is uncertainty inherent in these estimates,
making it reasonably possible that they could change in the near term. In the
year ended December 31, 2001, we incurred an additional $45.0 million pretax
loss on the discontinuance of the leasing business due to changes in the
estimate of those operating results. These changes in estimate were needed due
to an increase in estimated credit losses expected throughout the remaining term
of the leasing portfolio based on credit loss experience in 2001. The primary
factor contributing to the increased credit losses is that one of our former
leasing vendors filed for bankruptcy protection and this vendor's financial
problems have impacted its ability to service a segment of our leasing
portfolio. This vendor is unique from our other leasing vendors in that it had a
significant servicing relationship with our customers and the equipment under
lease provided fee revenue to our customers for usage. Also, our contract with
the vendor provided that the vendor would provide a guaranty if the performance
of the leases did not meet certain criteria. This guaranty was considered when
underwriting the leases.

     Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $8.4 million for the
period from January 1, 2001 through February 28, 2001, the effective date of the
Mortgage Transaction. Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $163.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2000. Income from discontinued
operations, net of tax, was $8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999.
Loss from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 includes
charges which were made in response to our regulatory review process, including
the implementation of the agreements with the bank regulators that were signed
during the second and third quarters of 2000, and changes during the second
quarter in the market and the political and regulatory environment for subprime
lending. These charges included a pretax reduction in the valuation of Advanta
National Bank's retained interests in mortgage securitizations of $214.0 million
and an increase in Advanta National Bank's on-balance sheet allowance for credit
losses related to mortgage loans of $22.0 million. These Advanta National Bank
charges reduced net income by $236.0 million or $9.31 per combined common
diluted share.

     In addition, loss from discontinued operations for the year ended December
31, 2000 includes $20.3 million of pretax charges resulting from changes in
valuation assumptions related to retained interests in leasing securitizations,
primarily due to higher credit losses associated with certain unprofitable
segments of broker originations from prior periods. These charges reduced net
income by $20.3 million or $0.80 per combined common diluted share. Loss from
discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 also includes $25.3
million of revenues related to termination fees received under a mortgage
servicing agreement. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Income from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 1999
includes $28.8 million of pretax valuation adjustments to the retained interests
in mortgage securitizations and contractual mortgage servicing rights, which
decreased net income by $17.4 million or $0.73 per combined diluted share. Of
the total valuation adjustment, $10 million was recorded in the second quarter
of 1999, which resulted from an increase in credit losses expected in the
off-balance sheet mortgage loan portfolio based on portfolio trends and
experience. The majority of the remaining charge was recorded in the fourth
quarter of 1999 and resulted from an increase in the discount rate on the
retained interest-only strip and an increase in the credit loss assumption. The
discount rate was increased due to an increase in market interest rates and an
observed trend toward higher discount rates in available public disclosures
relating to comparable instruments. The increase in the loss assumption was due
to an additional increase in credit losses expected in the off-balance sheet
mortgage loan portfolio based on trends and experience. The decrease in the
valuation caused by the increased discount rate and credit loss assumption was
slightly offset by a decrease in prepayment speeds experienced.

     Additionally, in the first quarter of 1999, we recorded pretax valuation
adjustments to the retained interests in auto loan securitizations of $12
million, which decreased net income by $7.4 million, or $0.31 per combined
diluted share. In the first quarter of 1999, management implemented a plan to
exit the auto finance business and engaged an investment banker to solicit bids
for the business as a whole, including our retained interests in auto
securitizations and certain auto loan receivables. Although management did not
ultimately accept any offers to acquire the retained interests, the informal
bids received were considered as part of our

                                        26
<PAGE>

fair value analysis of the retained interests, which resulted in a decrease in
the valuation of the assets as of March 31, 1999.

INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE

Interest income decreased by $18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2001
as compared to the year ended December 31, 2000. During the same period,
interest expense decreased by $4.0 million. The decrease in interest income was
due primarily to a decrease in on-balance sheet business credit card receivables
and investments. Also contributing to the decreased interest income was a
decrease in the average yield earned on our investment portfolio caused by the
interest rate environment and a shift in the composition of the portfolio.
Short-term investments, including federal funds sold and interest-bearing
deposits, represented 71% of the average investment portfolio for the year ended
December 31, 2001 as compared to 27% for the year ended December 31, 2000.
Excess liquid assets were held in short-term, high-quality investments earning
money market rates until they could be deployed. See further discussion in the
"Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of Management's Discussion and
Analysis. The decrease in interest expense was due to a decrease in
interest-bearing liabilities, partially offset by an increase in our average
cost of funds.

     Interest income increased by $31.5 million for the year ended December 31,
2000 as compared to the year ended December 31, 1999. During the same period,
interest expense increased by $5.7 million. The increase in interest income was
due to an increase in yields on business credit card receivables as well as an
increase in average on-balance sheet business credit card receivables. The
increase in interest expense was due to an increase in our average cost of
funds.

     Our average cost of funds increased to 7.24% in 2001 from 6.89% in 2000.
Our average cost of funds was 5.87% in 1999. The increase in the average cost of
funds in 2001 as compared to 2000 was attributable to the increase in debt as a
percentage of total interest-bearing liabilities and an increase in the average
interest rate on debt funding. Debt represented 35% of total average
interest-bearing liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2001 as compared to
27% for the same period of 2000. The average interest rate on debt funding was
9.47% for the period ended December 31, 2001 as compared to 8.17% for the same
period of 2000. The average interest rate on debt funding increased in 2001 due
to a change in the composition of our debt. We paid off substantially all of our
medium-term notes in 2001 and did not renew or originate senior notes for a
portion of 2001 due to our liquidity position. We expect our average interest
rate on debt funding to decrease in the future as we replace the maturities of
our higher rate notes with notes bearing lower interest rates more in line with
the current market rates. The increase in the average cost of funds in 2000 as
compared to 1999 was primarily attributable to rising market interest rates.

     During 2001, 2000 and 1999, we used interest rate swaps to manage the
impact of fluctuating interest rates on our cost of funds. The interest rate
swaps effectively converted fixed rate medium-term notes to a LIBOR-based
variable rate. Interest rate swap agreements generally involve the exchange of
fixed and floating rate interest payments without the exchange of the underlying
notional amount on which the interest payments are calculated. There were no
interest rate swaps outstanding related to continuing operations at December 31,
2001 because of the substantial reduction in outstanding medium-term notes
during the year.

                                        27
<PAGE>

     The following table provides an analysis of owned interest income and
expense data, average balance sheet data, net interest spread, and net interest
margin for both continuing and discontinued operations. Net interest spread
represents the difference between the yield on interest-earning assets and the
average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin
represents the difference between the yield on interest-earning assets and the
average rate paid to fund interest-earning assets. Interest income includes late
fees on business credit card receivables. Average owned receivables include
deferred origination costs, net of deferred fees.

                             INTEREST RATE ANALYSIS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
($ IN THOUSANDS)              ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           2001                              2000                              1999
                              -------------------------------   -------------------------------   -------------------------------
                               AVERAGE                AVERAGE    AVERAGE                AVERAGE    AVERAGE                AVERAGE
                               BALANCE     INTEREST    RATE      BALANCE     INTEREST    RATE      BALANCE     INTEREST    RATE
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>
ON-BALANCE SHEET
- ----------------------------
Interest-earning assets:
  Receivables:
    Business credit cards     $  382,262   $ 75,998    19.88%   $  399,692   $ 77,528    19.40%   $  212,311   $ 35,265    16.61%
    Other receivables             28,271      1,245     4.40        23,067        979     4.25        17,450      2,188    12.54
                              ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------
  Total receivables              410,533     77,243    18.82       422,759     78,507    18.57       229,761     37,453    16.30
  Federal funds sold             347,569     13,169     3.79       218,387     13,896     6.36       272,330     13,535     4.97
  Restricted
    interest-bearing
    deposits                     269,317     10,572     3.93        26,121      1,762     6.75        27,586      1,416     5.13
  Trading investments                  0          0     0.00             0          0     0.00       110,565      6,752     6.11
  Tax-free securities(1)           4,295        392     9.13         3,786        348     9.19         3,857        319     8.27
  Taxable investments            251,808     15,741     6.25       656,868     41,964     6.39       798,633     44,842     5.61
  Interest earning assets of
    discontinued operations      205,605     29,121    14.16     1,457,218    179,957    12.35     1,565,773    142,632     9.11
                              ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------
Total interest-earning
  assets(2)                   $1,489,127   $146,238     9.82%   $2,785,139   $316,434    11.36%   $3,008,505   $246,949     8.21%
                              ==========   ========   ======    ==========   ========   ======    ==========   ========   ======
Interest-bearing
  liabilities:
  Deposits
    Savings                   $   29,438   $  1,472     5.00%   $  182,112   $ 10,206     5.60%   $  262,501   $ 13,120     5.00%
    Time deposits under
      $100,000                   682,088     42,303     6.20     1,227,550     79,810     6.50     1,063,354     60,271     5.67
    Time deposits of
      $100,000 or more           177,371     10,138     5.72       441,856     28,755     6.51       500,268     27,995     5.60
                              ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------
  Total deposits                 888,897     53,913     6.07     1,851,518    118,771     6.41     1,826,123    101,386     5.55
  Debt                           482,801     45,700     9.47       747,182     61,030     8.17       893,720     58,441     6.53
  Other borrowings                17,730      1,035     5.84       137,024      8,792     6.42        54,008      3,225     5.92
                              ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------    ----------   --------   ------
Total interest-bearing
  liabilities                  1,389,428    100,648     7.24     2,735,724    188,593     6.89     2,773,851    163,052     5.87
Net noninterest-bearing
  liabilities                     99,699                            49,415                           234,654
                              ----------                        ----------                        ----------
Sources to fund
  interest-earning assets(3)  $1,489,127   $100,648     6.76%   $2,785,139   $188,593     6.77%   $3,008,505   $163,052     5.42%
                              ==========   ========   ======    ==========   ========   ======    ==========   ========   ======
Net interest spread                                     2.58%                             4.47%                             2.34%
                                                      ======                            ======                            ======
Net interest margin                                     3.06%                             4.59%                             2.79%
=================================================================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Interest and average rate for tax-free securities are computed on a tax
    equivalent basis using a statutory rate of 35%.
(2) Includes assets held and available for sale and nonaccrual receivables.
(3) Includes funding of assets for both continuing and discontinued operations.

                                        28
<PAGE>

INTEREST VARIANCE ANALYSIS: ON-BALANCE SHEET

The following table presents the effects of changes in average volume and
interest rates on individual financial statement line items on a tax equivalent
basis. Changes not solely due to volume or rate have been allocated on a pro
rata basis between volume and rate. The effects on individual financial
statement line items are not necessarily indicative of the overall effect on net
interest income.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                2001 VS. 2000                      2000 VS. 1999
($ IN THOUSANDS)                      ---------------------------------    ------------------------------
                                         INCREASE (DECREASE) DUE TO          INCREASE (DECREASE) DUE TO
                                      ---------------------------------    ------------------------------
                                       VOLUME       RATE        TOTAL       VOLUME      RATE       TOTAL
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>
Interest income from:
  Receivables:
    Business credit cards             $  (3,424)   $ 1,894    $  (1,530)   $ 35,506    $ 6,757    $42,263
    Other receivables                       230         36          266         551     (1,760)    (1,209)
  Federal funds sold                      6,238     (6,965)        (727)     (2,989)     3,350        361
  Restricted interest-bearing
    deposits                              9,842     (1,032)       8,810         (79)       425        346
  Trading investments                         0          0            0      (6,752)         0     (6,752)
  Tax-free securities                        46         (2)          44          (6)        35         29
  Taxable investments                   (25,323)      (900)     (26,223)     (8,600)     5,722     (2,878)
  Interest earning assets of
    discontinued operations            (173,912)    23,076     (150,836)    (10,463)    47,788     37,325
                                      ---------    -------    ---------    --------    -------    -------
Total interest income(1)              $(186,303)   $16,107    $(170,196)   $  7,168    $62,317    $69,485
                                      ---------    -------    ---------    --------    -------    -------
Interest expense on:
  Deposits:
    Savings                           $  (7,744)   $  (990)   $  (8,734)   $ (4,357)   $ 1,443    $(2,914)
    Time deposits under $100,000        (33,977)    (3,530)     (37,507)     10,030      9,509     19,539
    Time deposits of $100,000 or
      more                              (15,479)    (3,138)     (18,617)     (3,489)     4,249        760
  Debt                                  (23,975)     8,645      (15,330)    (10,556)    13,145      2,589
  Other borrowings                       (7,028)      (729)      (7,757)      5,277        290      5,567
                                      ---------    -------    ---------    --------    -------    -------
Total interest expense                  (88,203)       258      (87,945)     (3,095)    28,636     25,541
                                      ---------    -------    ---------    --------    -------    -------
Net interest income                   $ (98,100)   $15,849    $ (82,251)   $ 10,263    $33,681    $43,944
=========================================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Includes income from assets held and available for sale.

PROVISION AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

The allowance for credit losses is established as losses are estimated to have
occurred through a provision for credit losses charged to earnings. The
allowance for credit losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is
based upon management's periodic review of the collectibility of receivables in
light of historical experience by loan type, the nature and volume of the loan
portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrowers' ability to repay
and prevailing economic conditions. Since our loan portfolio is comprised of
large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans, we evaluate each group
collectively for impairment. The allowance is determined primarily based on a
migration analysis of delinquent and current accounts and certain qualitative
factors consistent with applicable bank regulatory guidelines. As part of our
evaluation, we compare actual credit loss performance to previously estimated
credit losses, and make modifications to estimates as needed. This allowance for
credit loss evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires estimates that
are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available.

     The allowance for credit losses is maintained for on-balance sheet
receivables and is intended to cover all credit losses inherent in the owned
loan portfolio. Anticipated losses on securitized assets are reflected in the
calculations of securitization income and the fair value of retained interests
in securitizations. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Such
loss estimates are intended to cover all probable credit losses over the life of
the securitized receivables. Management continually evaluates both its
on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet estimates and, as appropriate, effects
changes to these amounts.

                                        29
<PAGE>

     Nonperforming assets include receivables past due 90 days or more, and
bankrupt, decedent and fraudulent business credit card accounts. We charge
losses on business credit card accounts against the allowance at 180 days
contractually delinquent. Business credit card accounts suspected of being
fraudulent are charged-off after a 90-day investigative period, unless our
investigation shows no evidence of fraud. Effective October 1, 2000, bankrupt
business credit cards are charged off within a 60-day investigative period after
receipt of notification. The previous policy provided a 90-day investigative
period. Net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses less current
period recoveries. The accrued interest and fee portion of the charged-off
receivable balance is deducted from current period income.

     Receivables are put on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days past due.
Gross interest income that would have been recorded for owned nonperforming
assets, had interest been accrued throughout the year in accordance with the
assets' original terms, was $2.7 million in 2001.

     The provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2001 was
$36.0 million as compared to $36.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2000.
The provision for credit losses in 2000 includes a revision in our estimate of
the allowance for credit losses on business credit card receivables. The revised
estimate for the overall portfolio was recorded in September 2000 and was
developed based on discussions with our banking regulators, changes in the
economic environment and the use of more conservative loss estimates for certain
segments of the loan portfolio. Those segments included accounts with lower
credit scores, accounts held by businesses in operation less than twelve months,
and accounts in which cash borrowings comprise a significant portion of the
outstanding balance. As a result of these changes in estimate in 2000, we
increased our allowance for credit losses by approximately $8 million, which
increased the provision for credit losses and decreased net income by
approximately $8 million or $0.32 per diluted combined share for the year ended
December 31, 2000. The provision for credit losses in 2001 reflects the
seasoning of the business credit card portfolio and the current economic
environment. These factors were evident in the delinquency rates and charge-off
rates. Total owned business credit card receivables 30 days or more delinquent
increased from 5.5% at December 31, 2000 to 6.7% at December 31, 2001. The
charge-off rate on owned business credit card receivables for the year ended
December 31, 2001 was 7.2% as compared to 4.5% for the year ended December 31,
2000. We expect the trend of increasing charge-off rates to continue in 2002 due
to the continued seasoning of the portfolio and the current economic
environment. Although charge-off levels are not always predictable since they
are impacted by the economic environment and other factors, we currently expect
the twelve month average charge-off rate for 2002 to be between 8.5% and 9.5% on
managed business credit card receivables. We expect charge-off rates to be
higher in the first half of 2002 than in the second half based on the current
composition of the portfolio.

     For the year ended December 31, 2000, the provision for credit losses
increased by $13.8 million as compared to 1999. The increase in the provision
was primarily due to a change in estimate of the allowance for credit losses for
business credit cards as discussed above and the maturing and growth of the
business credit card portfolio in 2000. Average on-balance sheet business credit
card receivables increased 88% in 2000 as compared with 1999.

     At December 31, 2001, the allowance for credit losses on a consolidated
basis was $42.0 million, or 9.4% of owned receivables, compared to $33.4
million, or 9.3%, at December 31, 2000. The allowance for credit losses on
business credit card receivables was $41.2 million, or 9.9% of owned
receivables, at December 31, 2001, as compared to $33.2 million, or 9.9%, at
December 31, 2000.

     The allowance for credit losses on other receivables was $802 thousand at
December 31, 2001 and $202 thousand at December 31, 2000. The increase in the
allowance for credit losses on other receivables in the year ended December 31,
2001 was due to growth in other receivables from $24.2 million at December 31,
2000 to $28.2 million at December 31, 2001. There were no significant changes or
trends in credit quality statistics of other receivables in 1999 through 2001.

                                        30
<PAGE>

CREDIT QUALITY

The following table provides a summary of allowances for credit losses,
nonperforming assets, delinquencies and charge-offs for the past five years.
Consolidated data includes business credit cards, consumer credit cards through
February 1998, and other receivables.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
($ IN THOUSANDS)                                          2001      2000(A)     1999        1998        1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>
CONSOLIDATED -- MANAGED
Nonperforming assets                                    $ 81,666    $45,160    $24,118    $ 25,469    $118,815
Accruing receivables past due 90 days or more                  0          0          0           0     203,069
Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent             137,517     83,798     39,681      36,578     623,919
As a percentage of gross receivables:
  Nonperforming assets                                       3.9%       2.7%       2.3%        3.1%        1.0%
  Accruing receivables past due 90 days or more              0.0        0.0        0.0         0.0         1.7
  Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent               6.6        5.0        3.7         4.4         5.2
Net charge-offs:
  Amount                                                $143,593    $64,638    $46,707    $173,687    $814,859
  As a percentage of average gross receivables               7.6%       4.6%       5.1%        6.7%        6.8%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONSOLIDATED -- OWNED
Allowance for credit losses                             $ 41,971    $33,367    $14,865    $ 10,650    $129,053
Nonperforming assets                                      20,052     10,700      7,028       7,719      25,906
Accruing receivables past due 90 days or more                  0          0          0           0      49,410
Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent              29,520     19,395     11,591       7,885     149,094
As a percentage of gross receivables:
  Allowance for credit losses                                9.4%       9.3%       4.9%        6.3%        4.7%
  Nonperforming assets                                       4.5        3.0        2.3         4.6         0.9
  Accruing receivables past due 90 days or more              0.0        0.0        0.0         0.0         1.8
  Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent               6.6        5.4        3.8         4.7         5.4
Net charge-offs:
  Amount                                                $ 27,372    $17,807    $12,500    $ 38,312    $143,218
  As a percentage of average gross receivables               6.7%       4.2%       5.4%        7.0%        7.4%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS -- MANAGED
Nonperforming assets                                    $ 81,083    $44,600    $23,498    $ 25,231    $ 17,362
Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent             136,037     82,915     38,437      35,900      29,340
As a percentage of gross receivables:
  Nonperforming assets                                       4.0%       2.7%       2.3%        3.1%        2.6%
  Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent               6.7        5.0        3.7         4.4         4.4
Net charge-offs:
  Amount                                                $143,590    $64,636    $44,309    $ 43,732    $ 18,928
  As a percentage of average gross receivables               7.7%       4.7%       5.0%        5.9%        3.7%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS -- OWNED
Allowance for credit losses                             $ 41,169    $33,165    $14,663    $  6,916    $  6,899
Nonperforming assets                                      19,469     10,140      6,408       7,481       4,696
Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent              28,040     18,512     10,347       7,207       7,918
As a percentage of gross receivables:
  Allowance for credit losses                                9.9%       9.9%       5.3%        4.6%        4.9%
  Nonperforming assets                                       4.7        3.0        2.3         5.0         3.3
  Total receivables 30 days or more delinquent               6.7        5.5        3.8         4.8         5.6
Net charge-offs:
  Amount                                                $ 27,369    $17,805    $10,103    $ 10,033    $  6,198
  As a percentage of average gross receivables               7.2%       4.5%       4.8%        6.9%        3.3%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

(A) Effective October 1, 2000, business credit card charge-off statistics
    reflect the adoption of a new charge-off policy for bankruptcies. Bankrupt
    business credit cards are charged off within a 60-day investigative period
    after receipt of notification. The previous policy provided a 90-day
    investigative period. Managed and owned business credit card charge-offs for
    the year ended December 31, 2000 include a 0.2% acceleration of charge-offs
    in connection with the adoption of this policy.

                                        31
<PAGE>

OTHER REVENUES

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                      ($ IN THOUSANDS)                        ------------------------------
                                                                2001       2000       1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>        <C>
Investment securities gains (losses), net                     $(26,227)   $ 5,473    $30,132
Business credit card rewards                                    (8,979)    (3,162)      (834)
Loss on sale of deposits                                        (2,835)         0          0
Insurance revenues, net and other                                3,581      4,995      7,279
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total other revenues, net                                     $(34,460)   $ 7,306    $36,577
============================================================================================
</Table>

     Investment securities gains (losses) include changes in the fair value and
realized gains (losses) on venture capital investments. Investment securities
losses for the year ended December 31, 2001 include $9.3 million in realized
losses on venture capital investments, $19.6 million in decreases in valuations
of venture capital investments, and $2.7 million of realized gains on other
investments. Investment securities gains (losses) for the year ended December
31, 2000 include $11.4 million in gains on the sale of venture capital
investments, $3.7 million of net decrease in valuations of venture capital
investments, and $2.2 million of realized losses on other investments.
Investment securities gains (losses) for the year ended December 31, 1999
include $29.2 million of gains on the sale of venture capital investments.

     Business credit card rewards, which include bonus miles and cash-back
rewards, are earned by eligible cardholders based on net purchases charged to
their accounts. The cost of future reward redemptions are estimated and recorded
at the time bonus mile points or cash-back rewards are earned by the cardholder.
We estimate that 80% to 100% of cardholders will ultimately claim rewards. The
estimate varies depending on the structure of the rewards program. These costs
of future reward redemptions are recorded as a reduction of other revenues.
Increases in business credit card rewards in the years ended December 31, 2001
and 2000 were due to the increase in average managed business credit card
accounts in the rewards programs and the corresponding purchase activity in
those accounts.

     In the second quarter of 2001, we sold $389.7 million of deposit
liabilities to E*TRADE Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of E*TRADE Group, Inc.,
resulting in a $2.8 million loss.

     In the first quarter of 2001, we successfully negotiated an early
termination of our strategic alliance with Progressive Casualty Insurance
Company to direct market auto insurance. Insurance revenues, net and other for
the year ended December 31, 2001 includes operating results of insurance
operations, the impact of the termination of the strategic alliance with
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and $10 million of charges related to the
write-off of insurance-related deferred acquisition costs that were unrealizable
subsequent to the termination of the auto insurance strategic alliance.
Insurance revenues, net and other for the year ended December 31, 2000 includes
a charge of approximately $3 million in the insurance business relating to the
settlement of a large policy claim.

OPERATING EXPENSES

<Table>
<Caption>
                      ($ IN THOUSANDS)                          2001        2000       1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Salaries and employee benefits                                $ 59,823    $ 42,499    $35,300
Amortization of business credit card deferred origination
  costs, net                                                    39,118      23,961      5,863
External processing                                             17,272      13,236      8,507
Professional/consulting fees                                    15,320      18,451     12,159
Marketing                                                       10,574      11,492      2,397
Equipment                                                        8,768       8,101      4,717
Occupancy                                                        5,941       5,852      6,710
Credit                                                           5,419       4,772      3,926
Insurance                                                        4,607       4,628      2,622
Postage                                                          3,304       2,947      1,846
Fraud loss                                                       2,568       1,965        833
Telephone                                                        2,404       1,811      1,322
Other                                                            5,068      10,577      9,304
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                      $180,186    $150,292    $95,506
=============================================================================================
</Table>

                                        32
<PAGE>

     Salaries and employee benefits, amortization of business credit card
deferred origination costs, net, external processing and fraud loss expenses
increased for the year ended December 31, 2001 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2000 due primarily to growth in managed business credit card
receivables. Average managed business credit card receivables increased 36% in
2001 from $1.4 billion at December 31, 2000 to $1.9 billion at December 31,
2001. We expect our total operating expenses to continue to increase in 2002 as
we make additional investments in initiatives to strengthen our position as a
leading issuer of business credit cards to the small business market. These
include initiatives to provide additional value to our existing customers,
customer retention campaigns, development of ancillary non-financial products
and services, development of affinity cards and partnership relationships, and
enhancement of internet capabilities for servicing our customers.

     Professional fees decreased by $3.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2001 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2000. The decrease in
professional fees was due to consulting costs incurred in 2000 associated with
the implementation of our bank regulatory agreements, partially offset by
increased legal costs in 2001. The decrease in marketing expenses in the year
ended December 31, 2001 as compared to 2000 reflects our decreased origination
activities related to senior notes as a result of our liquidity position
subsequent to the Mortgage Transaction in the first quarter of 2001. See further
discussion in the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of Management's
Discussion and Analysis. Other expenses decreased $5.5 million in the year ended
December 31, 2001 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2000. Other
expenses in the year ended December 31, 2000 included an increase in litigation
reserves of $7.0 million.

     Salaries and employee benefits, amortization of business credit card
deferred origination costs, net, external processing, marketing, equipment, and
fraud loss expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared
to the year ended December 31, 1999 due primarily to increased marketing and
account origination activities in Advanta Business Cards as well as the
resulting growth in managed business credit card receivables. Business credit
card new account originations increased by 113% for the year ended December 31,
2000 as compared to 1999, and average managed business credit card receivables
grew by 54% in the same period. The increase in equipment expense for the year
ended December 31, 2000 as compared to 1999 also includes an increase in
depreciation expense associated with information technology upgrades placed in
service during 1999. Professional fees increased by $6.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2000 as compared to the year ended December 31, 1999. The
increase was due to increased legal activity and consulting costs, including
consulting costs associated with the implementation of our bank regulatory
agreements.

LITIGATION CONTINGENCIES

Advanta Corp. and its subsidiaries are involved in class action lawsuits, other
litigation, claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of
business or discontinued operations, including litigation arising from our
operation of the mortgage business prior to the Mortgage Transaction in the
first quarter of 2001. See discussion in Note 11 to the consolidated financial
statements. Management believes that the aggregate liabilities, if any,
resulting from these actions will not have a material adverse effect on the
consolidated financial position or results of our operations based on the level
of litigation reserves we have established and our expectations regarding the
ultimate resolutions of these actions. However, due to the inherent uncertainty
in litigation and since the ultimate resolutions of these proceedings are
influenced by factors outside of our control, it is reasonably possible that our
estimated liability under these proceedings may change or that actual results
will differ from our estimates. Our litigation reserves at December 31, 2001 are
included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

UNUSUAL CHARGES

Subsequent to the Mortgage Transaction and discontinuance of our leasing
business in the first quarter of 2001, we implemented a plan to restructure our
corporate functions to a size commensurate with our ongoing businesses and
incurred certain other unusual charges related to employee costs. Also, in 1999,
we implemented a plan to exit the auto finance business and to implement cost
reduction initiatives throughout

                                        33
<PAGE>

the organization including the consolidation of support functions. Costs
associated with these restructuring activities and other employee costs are
included in unusual charges in the consolidated income statements.

     The restructuring activities had no significant impact on operations while
they were ongoing. Due to the termination of employees and the write-off of
certain assets no longer used, we expect to realize lower personnel expenses in
support functions in the 12 months following the charges, and expect to realize
lower depreciation and amortization expense over the following 5-7 years. These
decreases were due to the termination of employees and the write-off or
write-down of assets previously deployed in connection with exited businesses.
We also expected and realized the elimination of the costs of the contractual
commitments associated with exited business products from future operating
results over the estimated timeframe of the contracts.

  Employee Costs

In the first quarter of 2001, we recorded a $4.1 million charge for severance
and outplacement costs associated with the restructuring of corporate functions.
There were 69 employees severed who were entitled to benefits. These employees
worked in corporate support functions including accounting and finance, human
resources, information technology, legal and facilities management. Employees
were notified in March 2001, and we expect to pay severance amounts over a
12-month period.

     Additionally, during 2001, we incurred $23.2 million of other employee
costs. This amount includes approximately $10 million attributable to bonuses to
certain key employees in recognition of their efforts on behalf of Advanta in
the strategic alternatives process. It also includes approximately $4.5 million
of bonuses in recognition of the restructuring of the company and other
significant transitional efforts. These bonuses will be paid over a 12-month
period. In the second quarter of 2001, we recorded a $1.0 million increase in
employee costs related to a revision in estimate associated with these bonuses.
In 2001, we accelerated vesting of 32% of outstanding options that were not
vested at the date of the closing of the Mortgage Transaction. This acceleration
resulted in a noncash charge of $1.3 million. In connection with reviewing our
compensation plans after the Mortgage Transaction and restructuring of corporate
functions, we implemented a program whereby all outstanding stock appreciation
rights and shares of phantom stock were terminated in exchange for cash to be
paid through a deferred compensation arrangement. We recorded charges of $2.9
million associated with this exchange. The charge reflects a $0.7 million
reduction recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2001, as actual cash
settlement costs were less than estimated. Due to the restructuring of the
company, we implemented programs whereby certain out-of-the-money options were
exchanged for shares of stock, and whereby certain shares of restricted stock
were exchanged for cash and stock options in a tender offer, subject to certain
performance conditions and vesting requirements. Noncash charges associated with
the issuance of the stock, stock options and the tender offer totaled $3.6
million. This charge reflects a $1.4 million increase recorded in the three
months ended September 30, 2001, as actual noncash charges associated with the
tender offer were more than estimated.

     In the first quarter of 1999, in connection with cost reduction initiatives
and the consolidation of support functions, we recorded a $3.3 million charge
for costs associated with staff reductions. These expenses included severance
and outplacement costs. There were 121 employees severed who were entitled to
benefits. This staff reduction was substantially complete by June 30, 1999. The
final payment outstanding related to these employee costs was paid in the three
months ended March 31, 2000.

  Expenses Associated with Exited Businesses/Products

In the first quarter of 2001, we recorded charges of $2.2 million related to
other products exited for which no future revenues or benefits would be
received. In the third quarter of 2001, we were able to settle some of these
commitments for less than originally estimated, and reduced the charge by $0.7
million. We expect to pay the remaining costs, which include lease and other
commitments, in 2002.

     In the first quarter of 1999, we implemented a plan to cease the
origination of auto loans and recorded a $3.4 million charge for costs
associated with exited businesses/products. The charges included severance and
outplacement costs for 22 employees in the auto origination group, and
professional fees associated with exited businesses/products not directly
associated with our mortgage, business credit card and leasing units. We

                                        34
<PAGE>

completed the closing of the auto loan origination center and termination of
related employees during the second quarter of 1999. We completed payment of the
remaining professional fees during the first quarter of 2001.

     In 1998, in connection with the transfer of our consumer credit card
business to Fleet Credit Card LLC, we made major organizational changes to
reduce corporate expenses incurred in the past: (a) to support the business
contributed to Fleet Credit Card LLC in the transfer of our consumer credit card
business, and (b) associated with the business and products no longer being
offered or not directly associated with our mortgage, business credit card and
leasing units. As of December 31, 1998, the remaining accrual related to
expenses associated with exited businesses/products was $14.8 million. We had
contractual commitments to certain customers, and non-related financial
institutions that were providing benefits to those customers, under a product
that was no longer offered and for which no future revenues or benefits would be
received. In 1998, we recorded a charge of $22.8 million associated with these
commitments, and an $8.3 million charge associated with the write-off of assets
associated with this program that became unrealizable when the product was
exited. In 1999, an additional charge of $10.0 million was recorded based on a
change in the estimate of total expected costs for the contractual commitments
related to the exited product. Updated information regarding future benefits to
be provided in connection with these contractual commitments indicated a higher
level of benefits than originally estimated. A third party assumed the
liabilities associated with these commitments in the first quarter of 2001, and
we recorded an additional charge relating to the settlement of these commitments
of $10.3 million.

  Asset Impairments

In connection with our plan to restructure our corporate functions to a size
commensurate with our ongoing businesses during the first quarter of 2001, we
identified certain assets that would no longer be used, and the carrying costs
of these assets were written off resulting in a charge of $2.6 million. We
estimated the realizable value of these assets to be zero due to the nature of
the assets, which include leasehold improvements and capitalized software.

INCOME TAXES

As a result of unusual charges, valuation adjustments on venture capital
investments and the loss on the discontinuance of the leasing business in 2001,
we reported a pretax loss for the year ended December 31, 2001. A valuation
allowance has been provided against a portion of the resulting deferred tax
asset given our pre-existing net operating loss carryforwards and the
uncertainty of the realizability of the incremental deferred tax asset. In the
year ended December 31, 2000, we also reported a pretax loss and a valuation
allowance was provided against the resulting deferred tax asset, resulting in a
0% effective tax rate. In establishing the valuation allowance, management
considered (1) estimates of expected future taxable income, (2) existing and
projected book/tax differences, (3) tax planning strategies available, and (4)
the general and industry specific economic outlook. Based on this analysis,
management believes the net deferred tax asset of $107 million at December 31,
2001 will be realized. This analysis is inherently subjective, as it requires
estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information
becomes available.

     In 1999, in connection with the filing of the 1998 tax returns, additional
book/tax differences related to the disposition of our consumer credit card
business in 1998 were quantified. These book/tax differences, when combined with
certain less significant recurring differences, resulted in net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $521 million at December 31, 1999. This amount is
net of $96 million carried back to prior years, and includes $500 million that
pertains to losses incurred on the consumer credit card portfolio after the date
of the disposition of our consumer credit card business. A deferred tax asset of
$50 million, net of valuation allowance, resulting from the net operating loss
carryforwards was recorded as an income tax benefit in the fourth quarter of
1999.

     At December 31, 2001, remaining net operating loss carryforwards were $662
million, of which $407 million expire in 2018, $29 million expire in 2019, $15
million expire in 2020 and $211 million expire in 2021. We utilized net
operating loss carryforwards of $85 million in 2000. Additionally in 2000, $29
million was carried back to prior years.

                                        35
<PAGE>

ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT

We manage our financial condition with a focus on maintaining high credit
quality standards, disciplined management of market risks and prudent levels of
growth, leverage and liquidity.

MARKET RISK SENSITIVITY

Market risk is the potential for loss or diminished financial performance
arising from adverse changes in market forces including interest rates and
market prices. Market risk sensitivity is the degree to which a financial
instrument, or a company that owns financial instruments, is exposed to market
forces. Fluctuations in interest rates, changes in economic conditions, shifts
in customer behavior, and other factors can affect our financial performance.
Changes in economic conditions and shifts in customer behavior are difficult to
predict, and our financial performance generally cannot be insulated from these
forces.

     We are exposed to equity price risk on the equity securities in our
investments available for sale portfolio. The majority of our equity securities
at December 31, 2001 represented venture capital investments. We typically do
not attempt to reduce or eliminate the market exposure on these investments. A
20% adverse change in equity prices would result in an approximate $5 million
decrease in the fair value of our equity investments as of December 31, 2001. A
20% adverse change would have resulted in an approximate $15 million decrease in
fair value as of December 31, 2000.

     Financial performance variability as a result of fluctuations in interest
rates is commonly called interest rate risk. Interest rate risk generally
results from mismatches in the timing of asset and liability repricing (gap
risk) and from differences between the repricing indices of assets and
liabilities (basis risk). We regularly evaluate our market risk profile and
attempt to minimize the impact of interest rate risk on net interest income and
net income. In managing interest rate risk exposure, we periodically securitize
receivables, sell and purchase assets, alter the mix and term structure of our
funding base, change our investment portfolio and use derivative financial
instruments. Derivatives are not used for trading or speculative activities. We
adopted SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities," and SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments
and Certain Hedging Activities -- an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133," on
January 1, 2001. The adoption of SFAS No. 133 and No. 138 had no impact on
income from continuing operations and was not material to income from
discontinued operations.

     Risk exposure levels vary continuously, as changes occur in our
asset/liability mix, market interest rates and other factors affecting the
timing and magnitude of cash flows. We attempt to analyze the impact of interest
rate risk by regularly evaluating the perceived risks inherent in our asset and
liability structure, including derivative instruments. Computer simulations are
used to generate expected financial performance in a variety of interest rate
environments. Those results are analyzed to determine if actions need to be
taken to mitigate our interest rate risk.

     We measure our interest rate risk using a rising rate scenario and a
declining rate scenario. Net interest income is estimated using a third party
software model that uses standard income modeling techniques. We also measure
the effect of interest rate risk on our managed net interest income, which
includes net interest income on owned assets and net interest income on
securitized receivables. Both increasing and decreasing rate scenarios assume an
instantaneous shift in rates and measure the corresponding change in expected
net interest income as compared to a base case scenario. As of December 31, 2001
and 2000, we estimated that our net interest income and managed net interest
income would change as follows over a twelve-month period:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001    2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>
Estimated percentage increase (decrease) in owned net
  interest income:
  Assuming 200 basis point increase in interest rates           5%     13%
  Assuming 200 basis point decrease in interest rates          (3)%    (2)%
Estimated percentage increase (decrease) in managed net
  interest income:
  Assuming 200 basis point increase in interest rates          (7)%     4%
  Assuming 200 basis point decrease in interest rates           7%     13%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

     Our business credit card receivables include interest rate floors that
cause our managed net interest income to rise in the declining rate scenario. As
of December 31, 2001, the interest rate floors also cause a
                                        36
<PAGE>

decrease in managed net interest income in a rising rate scenario. This is
because rates at December 31, 2001 are well below certain of the interest rate
floors, and a 200 basis point increase in rates would not impact the contractual
rate on a substantial portion of the receivables. Changes in the size and the
composition of our balance sheet from December 31, 2001 to December 31, 2000,
including a significant reduction in debt and deposits, also have impacted the
results of sensitivity analysis in the owned net interest income scenarios.

     The above estimates of net interest income sensitivity alone do not provide
a comprehensive view of our exposure to interest rate risk. The quantitative
risk information is limited by the parameters and assumptions utilized in
generating the results. These analyses are useful only when viewed within the
context of the parameters and assumptions used. The above rate scenarios in no
way reflect management's expectation regarding the future direction of interest
rates, and they depict only two possibilities out of a large set of possible
scenarios.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our goal is to maintain an adequate level of liquidity, for both long-term and
short-term needs, through active management of both assets and liabilities.
Since Advanta Corp.'s debt rating is not investment grade, our access to
unsecured, institutional debt is limited. However, we do have access to a
diversity of funding sources as described below, and have a high level of
liquidity at December 31, 2001. At December 31, 2001, we had $230 million of
federal funds sold, $203 million of receivables held for sale, and $162 million
of investments, which could be sold to generate additional liquidity.

     Components of funding were as follows at December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                            2001               2000               1999
                                                      ----------------   ----------------   ----------------
                                                        AMOUNT      %      AMOUNT      %      AMOUNT      %
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>   <C>          <C>   <C>          <C>
Off-balance sheet business credit card receivables    $1,626,709    53%  $1,324,137    33%  $  765,019    19%
Deposits                                                 636,915    21    1,346,976    34    1,512,359    37
Debt and other borrowings                                355,899    11      759,473    19    1,121,674    27
Equity, including capital securities                     466,299    15      540,902    14      689,631    17
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                                 $3,085,822   100%  $3,971,488   100%  $4,088,683   100%
============================================================================================================
</Table>

  Off-Balance Sheet Business Credit Card Securitizations

We completed our first two public business credit card securitizations in 2000
and completed an additional public securitization in 2001. These public
securitizations enabled us to grow off-balance sheet business credit card
receivables as a component of our funding in 2000 and 2001. In addition to the
public securitizations, the securitization trust has two non-public series
outstanding. The first series provides off-balance sheet funding through a $280
million committed commercial paper conduit facility, of which $160 million was
unused at December 31, 2001. The commitment can be withdrawn under certain
conditions, similar to the conditions for an early amortization event as
described below for the other series of the securitization trust. Our commercial
paper conduit facility also requires the servicer, Advanta Bank Corp., to be
well-capitalized. Upon the expiration of this commercial paper conduit facility
in June 2002, management expects to obtain the appropriate level of replacement
funding under similar terms and conditions. The second non-public series was a
securitization completed in 2000.

     The revolving periods of the series of the securitization trust extend to
the following dates:

<Table>
<Caption>
                INVESTOR PRINCIPAL
                    BALANCE AT       SCHEDULED END OF
                DECEMBER 31, 2001    REVOLVING PERIOD
- -----------------------------------------------------
<S>             <C>                  <C>
Series 1997-A        $129,750               June 2002
Series 2000-A         157,068          September 2002
Series 2000-B         600,000            October 2002
Series 2000-C         400,000            January 2005
Series 2001-A         300,000               July 2007
</Table>

     When the revolving periods of these series end and the series amortize,
management expects to complete new securitizations under similar terms and
conditions. The securitization agreements contain conditions that

                                        37
<PAGE>

would trigger an early amortization event. An early amortization event would
result in the repayment of principal to investors prior to the expected dates
above, which would require us to find an alternate means of funding new
receivables. The conditions include the failure to make payments under the terms
of the agreement, or the insolvency, receivership or other similar event of the
servicer, Advanta Bank Corp. An early amortization event would also be triggered
for each individual series if the three-month average excess spread percentage
was not maintained at a level greater than 0% for that series. Excess spread
represents income-related cash flows on securitized receivables (finance
charges, interchange and fees) net of note holders' interest, servicing fees,
and credit losses. At December 31, 2001, our three-month average excess spread
was 13%. Based on the current levels of excess spread, our financial condition
and other considerations, management believes that it is unlikely that the trust
or individual series will have an early amortization event. The business credit
card securitization agreements do not have any provisions or conditions
involving the debt rating of Advanta Corp.

  Deposits, Debt, Other Borrowings and Equity

In the first quarter of 2001, we received in excess of $1 billion in cash
proceeds from the Mortgage Transaction. We have strategically used the proceeds
to strengthen Advanta for the future, including a significant reduction in our
leverage. In the second quarter of 2001, we sold $389.7 million of our deposit
liabilities to E*TRADE Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of E*TRADE Group, Inc. We
also paid off substantially all of our outstanding medium-term notes and reduced
our outstanding senior notes. In the year ended December 31, 2001, we reduced
debt and deposits by $1.1 billion. Also, Advanta National Bank has suspended
originations of deposit accounts.

     The Mortgage Transaction in the first quarter of 2001 resulted in liquidity
in excess of the needs of our continuing businesses. Excess liquid assets were
held in short-term, high-quality investments earning money market rates until
they could be deployed. As a result, we had interest expense in excess of
interest income on this excess liquidity in 2001. The deposit sale and
significant debt reduction in the second quarter of 2001 reduced this net
interest expense and excess liquidity. However, we expect to continue to have
interest expense in excess of interest income for the next several quarters due
to the time required for our higher-rate debt to mature. We anticipate replacing
these debt maturities with notes bearing lower interest rates more in line with
the current market rates.

     In the first quarter of 2001, we successfully negotiated an early
termination of our strategic alliance with Progressive Casualty Insurance
Company to direct market auto insurance and received regulatory approval for a
return of capital from our insurance subsidiary to the parent company, Advanta
Corp. The return of capital from the insurance subsidiary to Advanta Corp.,
along with other payments from the insurance subsidiary in the first quarter of
2001, increased Advanta Corp. liquidity by $62.5 million.

     In the first quarter of 2001, after consideration of the liquidity and the
capital requirements for the ongoing business, the Board of Directors of Advanta
Corp. authorized management to purchase up to 1.5 million shares of Advanta
Corp. common stock or the equivalent dollar amount of our capital securities, or
some combination thereof. We intend to make purchases modestly and when we
believe it is prudent to do so. As of December 31, 2001, we have repurchased
693,300 shares of our Class B Common Stock.

     The following tables detail the composition of the deposit base and the
composition of debt and other borrowings at year end for each of the past five
years.

COMPOSITION OF DEPOSIT BASE

<Table>
<Caption>
($ IN MILLIONS)                                               AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   2001            2000             1999             1998             1997
                               ------------   --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
                               AMOUNT    %     AMOUNT     %     AMOUNT     %                %     AMOUNT     %
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>      <C>   <C>        <C>   <C>        <C>   <C>        <C>   <C>        <C>
Demand deposits                $  6.5     1%  $    4.6     0%  $    5.8     0%  $    4.3     0%  $   41.6     1%
Money market savings              3.5     1       64.0     5      242.4    16      181.5    10      506.8    17
Time deposits of $100,000 or
  less                          389.9    61      916.9    68    1,046.6    69    1,445.8    83    2,163.0    72
Time deposits of more than
  $100,000                      237.0    37      361.5    27      217.6    15      118.2     7      306.2    10
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total deposits                 $636.9   100%  $1,347.0   100%  $1,512.4   100%  $1,749.8   100%  $3,017.6   100%
===============================================================================================================
</Table>

                                        38
<PAGE>

COMPOSITION OF DEBT AND OTHER BORROWINGS

<Table>
<Caption>
($ IN MILLIONS)                                               AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    2001            2000            1999             1998             1997
                                -------------   ------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
                                AMOUNT    %     AMOUNT    %     AMOUNT     %     AMOUNT     %     AMOUNT     %
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>      <C>    <C>      <C>   <C>        <C>   <C>        <C>   <C>        <C>
Subordinated notes and
  certificates                  $  0.6      0%  $  0.7     0%  $    1.0     0%  $    1.5     0%  $   55.5     2%
Senior notes and certificates    322.8     91    404.2    53      234.4    21      145.6    14      151.0     7
Short-term bank notes              0.0      0      0.0     0        0.0     0        0.0     0      242.0    11
Medium-term bank notes             0.0      0      3.4     1        7.3     0        7.3     1      669.5    29
Medium-term notes                  0.2      0    343.6    45      538.0    48      866.5    83    1,099.5    48
Value notes                        0.0      0      3.3     0        7.8     1        9.3     1       30.7     1
Term fed funds, fed funds
  purchased and FHLB advances      0.0      0      0.0     0      220.0    20        0.0     0        0.0     0
Securities sold under
  agreements to repurchase        32.3      9      0.0     0      104.2     9        0.0     0        0.0     0
Other borrowings                   0.0      0      4.3     1        9.0     1       17.8     1       48.9     2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total debt and other
  borrowings                    $355.9    100%  $759.5   100%  $1,121.7   100%  $1,048.0   100%  $2,297.1   100%
===============================================================================================================
</Table>

  Contractual Cash Obligations

The following table summarizes our contractual cash obligations as of December
31, 2001 by period:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD
                                              -----------------------------------------------------
                                                          LESS THAN
                                                         OR EQUAL TO     2-3        4-5     AFTER 5
                                               TOTAL       1 YEAR       YEARS      YEARS     YEARS
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>       <C>
Time deposits                                 $626,905    $419,907     $204,614   $ 2,384    $  0
Debt and other borrowings                      355,899     283,535       56,537    15,827       0
Operating leases                                17,009       5,119        8,261     3,432     197
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total contractual cash obligations            $999,813    $708,561     $269,412   $21,643    $197
===================================================================================================
</Table>

     Management expects to fund our deposit and debt obligations with
replacement deposits or debt having similar terms and conditions. We expect to
fund commitments related to operating leases with operating cash flows.

     In addition to these obligations, we make commitments to extend credit to
our business credit card customers in the normal course of business. We had
unused commitments to extend credit of $4.6 billion at December 31, 2001. We
believe that our customers' utilization of their lines of credit will continue
to be substantially less than the amount of the commitments, as has been our
experience to date. We expect to fund the commitments to extend credit with the
various components of funding described above, similar to the funding of other
new receivables.

  Regulatory Agreements and Restrictions at Subsidiaries

In June 2000, we announced that our banking subsidiaries, Advanta National Bank
and Advanta Bank Corp., reached agreements with their respective bank regulatory
agencies, primarily relating to the banks' subprime lending operations. The
agreements outlined a series of steps to modify processes and formalize and
document certain practices and procedures for the banks' subprime lending
operations. The agreements also established temporary asset growth limits at
Advanta National Bank and deposit growth limits at Advanta Bank Corp., imposed
restrictions on taking brokered deposits at Advanta National Bank, and required
that Advanta National Bank maintain certain capital ratios in excess of the
minimum regulatory standards. Our regulatory agreements with the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the
"OCC") prohibit the payment of cash dividends by Advanta Bank Corp. or Advanta
National Bank without prior regulatory approval.

     Management believes that Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank were
each in compliance with their respective regulatory agreements at December 31,
2001.

                                        39
<PAGE>

     In connection with the Mortgage Transaction in the first quarter of 2001,
Advanta National Bank sought approval of the OCC for a return of capital to
Advanta Corp. in the amount of $261 million. On February 28, 2001, the OCC
approved the amount requested and, at the same time, Advanta National Bank
entered into an agreement with the OCC regarding restrictions on new business
activities and product lines at Advanta National Bank after the Mortgage
Transaction and the resolution of outstanding Advanta National Bank liabilities.
The agreement also reduced the capital requirements for Advanta National Bank to
12.7% for Tier 1 and Total capital to risk-weighted assets, and to 5% for Tier 1
capital to adjusted total assets as defined in the agreement. In addition, the
agreement provides for prior OCC approval of any future dividends. Advanta Bank
Corp. is unaffected by the agreement with the OCC.

     At December 31, 2001, Advanta Bank Corp.'s combined total capital ratio
(combined Tier I and Tier II capital) was 18.80%, and Advanta National Bank's
combined total capital ratio was 23.34%. At December 31, 2000, Advanta Bank
Corp.'s combined total capital ratio was 14.60%, and Advanta National Bank's
combined total capital ratio was 15.08%. In each case, Advanta Bank Corp. and
Advanta National Bank had capital at levels a bank is required to maintain to be
classified as "well-capitalized" under the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action. However, Advanta National Bank does not meet the definition
of "well-capitalized" because of the existence of our agreement with the OCC,
even though we have achieved the higher imposed capital ratios required by the
agreement.

     In the fourth quarter of 2001, the bank regulatory agencies issued an
interagency policy statement that revised the regulatory capital treatment of
recourse, direct credit substitutes, and residual interests in asset
securitizations. This rule supercedes the former low-level recourse rules and
requires that banks hold one dollar in total risk-based capital against every
dollar of residual interest, with some exceptions. It further requires that
credit enhancing interest-only strips in excess of 25% of Tier 1 capital be
deducted from Tier 1 capital for purposes of calculating bank capital ratios.
This rule has an effective date of January 1, 2002. Early adoption was permitted
for transactions entered into prior to the effective date that result in a
reduced capital requirement. Banks can delay until December 31, 2002, the
application of the final rule to transactions entered into prior to January 1,
2002 that result in increased capital requirements. Advanta Bank Corp. elected
to adopt the rule effective December 31, 2001 and it resulted in a reduced
risk-based capital requirement. We do not anticipate the adoption of this rule
will have an effect on the capital requirements of Advanta National Bank.

     Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank are prevented by regulatory
restrictions from lending to Advanta Corp. and its affiliates unless these
extensions of credit are secured by U.S. Government obligations or other
specified collateral. Further, secured extensions of credit are limited in
amount: (a) as to Advanta Corp. or any affiliate, to 10% of each bank's capital
and surplus, and (b) as to Advanta Corp. and all affiliates in the aggregate, to
20% of each bank's capital and surplus. See "Part I -- Government Regulation."

     Our insurance subsidiaries are also subject to certain capital and dividend
rules and regulations as prescribed by state jurisdictions in which they are
authorized to operate.

     Total stockholders' equity of our banking and insurance affiliates was $220
million at December 31, 2001, of which $218 million was restricted. At January
1, 2002, $2.2 million of stockholders' equity of our insurance affiliates was
available for payment of cash dividends in 2002 under applicable regulatory
guidelines without prior regulatory approval.

     In addition to dividend restrictions at banking subsidiaries, certain
non-bank subsidiaries are subject to minimum equity requirements as part of
securitization or other agreements. The total minimum equity requirement of
non-bank subsidiaries was $20 million at December 31, 2001. At December 31,
2001, the non-bank subsidiaries were in compliance with these minimum equity
requirements.

     Management believes that the restrictions, for both bank and non-bank
subsidiaries, will not have an adverse effect on Advanta Corp.'s ability to meet
its cash obligations due to the current levels of liquidity and diversity of
funding sources.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

See "Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis -- ASSET/LIABILITY
MANAGEMENT."

                                        40
<PAGE>

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

ADVANTA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31,
($ IN THOUSANDS)                                              ------------------------
                                                                 2001          2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
ASSETS
Cash                                                          $   20,952    $    1,716
Federal funds sold                                               229,889       107,584
Restricted interest-bearing deposits                             113,956        16,398
Investments available for sale                                   246,679       758,792
Receivables, net:
  Held for sale                                                  202,612       154,265
  Other                                                          220,795       186,026
                                                              ------------------------
Total receivables, net                                           423,407       340,291
Retained interests in securitizations                             88,658        72,908
Amounts due from securitizations                                  80,325        61,610
Premises and equipment (at cost, less accumulated
  depreciation of $21,667 in 2001 and $21,983 in 2000)            25,722        26,185
Other assets                                                     264,689       256,658
Net assets of discontinued operations                            142,403     1,201,330
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL ASSETS                                                  $1,636,680    $2,843,472
======================================================================================
LIABILITIES
Deposits:
  Noninterest-bearing                                         $    6,500    $    4,546
  Interest-bearing                                               630,415     1,342,430
                                                              ------------------------
Total deposits                                                   636,915     1,346,976
Debt                                                             323,582       755,184
Other borrowings                                                  32,317         4,289
Other liabilities                                                177,567       196,121
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                              1,170,381     2,302,570
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commitments and contingencies
Company-obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred
  securities of subsidiary trust holding solely subordinated
  debentures of Advanta Corp.                                    100,000       100,000
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Class A preferred stock, $1,000 par value:
  Authorized, issued and outstanding -- 1,010 shares in 2001
     and 2000                                                      1,010         1,010
Class A voting common stock, $.01 par value;
  Authorized -- 200,000,000 shares; Issued -- 10,041,017
     shares in 2001 and 10,040,230 shares in 2000                    100           100
Class B non-voting common stock, $.01 par value;
  Authorized -- 200,000,000 shares; Issued -- 17,939,639
     shares in 2001 and 17,613,166 shares in 2000                    179           176
Additional paid-in capital                                       223,362       220,371
Deferred compensation                                                (64)       (7,336)
Unearned ESOP shares                                             (11,295)      (11,714)
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                      1,259        (1,302)
Retained earnings                                                179,370       257,562
  Less: Treasury stock at cost, 1,348,079 Class B common
     shares in 2001 and 527,168 Class B common shares in
     2000                                                        (27,622)      (17,965)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                       366,299       440,902
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                    $1,636,680    $2,843,472
======================================================================================
</Table>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                        41
<PAGE>

ADVANTA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)                       ---------------------------------
                                                              2001        2000         1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>         <C>          <C>
INTEREST INCOME:
  Receivables                                               $ 77,799    $  78,506    $ 37,718
  Trading investments                                              0            0       6,752
  Investments available for sale                              40,052       57,594      60,114
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total interest income                                   117,851      136,100     104,584
INTEREST EXPENSE:
  Deposits                                                    43,968       53,201      48,856
  Debt                                                        37,658       29,369      29,848
  Other borrowings                                               844        3,938       2,096
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total interest expense                                   82,470       86,508      80,800
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income                                           35,381       49,592      23,784
Provision for credit losses                                   35,976       36,309      22,506
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest after provision for credit losses                  (595)      13,283       1,278
NONINTEREST REVENUES:
  Securitization income                                      113,478       70,797      21,188
  Servicing revenues                                          29,221       17,310      13,819
  Interchange income                                          80,721       61,668      33,786
  Other revenues, net                                        (34,460)       7,306      36,577
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total noninterest revenues                              188,960      157,081     105,370
EXPENSES:
  Operating expenses                                         180,186      150,292      95,506
  Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary       8,880        8,880       8,880
  Unusual charges                                             41,750            0      16,713
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total expenses                                          230,816      159,172     121,099
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before income taxes                            (42,451)      11,192     (14,451)
Income tax (benefit)                                         (11,995)           0     (55,785)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations                     (30,456)      11,192      41,334
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax        (8,438)    (163,578)      8,484
Loss, net, on discontinuance of mortgage and leasing
  businesses, net of tax                                     (31,639)      (4,298)          0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                                           $(70,533)   $(156,684)   $ 49,818
=============================================================================================
Basic income (loss) from continuing operations per common
  share
  Class A                                                   $  (1.23)   $    0.39    $   1.59
  Class B                                                      (1.17)        0.47        1.66
  Combined                                                     (1.19)        0.44        1.63
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted income (loss) from continuing operations per
  common share
  Class A                                                   $  (1.23)   $    0.39    $   1.58
  Class B                                                      (1.17)        0.46        1.65
  Combined                                                     (1.19)        0.44        1.62
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                                   $  (2.79)   $   (6.28)   $   1.95
  Class B                                                      (2.73)       (6.21)       2.02
  Combined                                                     (2.75)       (6.24)       1.99
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                                   $  (2.79)   $   (6.23)   $   1.94
  Class B                                                      (2.73)       (6.16)       2.00
  Combined                                                     (2.75)       (6.19)       1.98
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic weighted average common shares outstanding
  Class A                                                      9,101        9,110       9,057
  Class B                                                     16,581       16,033      14,515
  Combined                                                    25,682       25,143      23,572
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
  Class A                                                      9,101        9,149       9,078
  Class B                                                     16,581       16,202      14,680
  Combined                                                    25,682       25,351      23,758
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                        42
<PAGE>

ADVANTA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

($ IN THOUSANDS)
<Table>
<Caption>
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------

                                    COMPREHENSIVE    CLASS A     CLASS B    CLASS A   CLASS B   ADDITIONAL
                                       INCOME       PREFERRED   PREFERRED   COMMON    COMMON     PAID-IN
                                       (LOSS)         STOCK       STOCK      STOCK     STOCK     CAPITAL
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>         <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>
Balance at Dec. 31, 1998                             $1,010        $0        $104      $163      $229,304
Net income (loss)                     $  49,818
Other comprehensive income (loss):
 Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) of investments,
   net of tax benefit (expense) of
   $5,763                               (10,703)
                                      ---------
Comprehensive income (loss)           $  39,115
                                      =========
Conversion of Class B Preferred
 Stock                                                                                   14           (14)
Preferred and common cash
 dividends declared
Exercise of stock options                                                                              20
Issuance of restricted stock                                                    1         9        10,579
Amortization of deferred
 compensation
Retirement of restricted stock                                                           (4)       (7,421)
Stock buyback
ESOP shares committed to be
 released                                                                                             117
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at Dec. 31, 1999                             $1,010        $0        $105      $182      $232,585
Net income (loss)                     $(156,684)
Other comprehensive income (loss):
 Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) of investments,
   net of tax benefit (expense) of
   $(5,111)                               9,492
                                      ---------
Comprehensive income (loss)           $(147,192)
                                      =========
Preferred and common cash
 dividends declared
Exercise of stock options                                                                             155
Issuance of restricted stock                                                              2         2,545
Amortization of deferred
 compensation
Retirement of restricted stock                                                 (1)       (4)       (6,455)
Retirement of treasury stock                                                   (4)       (4)       (8,496)
ESOP shares committed to be
 released                                                                                              37
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at Dec. 31, 2000                             $1,010        $0        $100      $176      $220,371
Net income (loss)                     $ (70,533)
Other comprehensive income (loss):
 Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) of investments,
   net of tax benefit (expense) of
   $1,379                                 2,561
                                      ---------
Comprehensive income (loss)           $ (67,972)
                                      =========
Preferred and common cash
 dividends declared
Exercise of stock options                                                                 4         3,476
Stock option exchange for stock
 and restricted stock tender offer                                                                    934
Modification of stock options                                                                       1,966
Issuance of restricted stock                                                              1           720
Amortization of deferred
 compensation
Retirement of restricted stock                                                           (2)       (4,118)
Stock buyback
ESOP shares committed to be
 released                                                                                              13
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at Dec. 31, 2001                             $1,010        $0        $100      $179      $223,362
=========================================================================================================

<Caption>
                                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      DEFERRED     ACCUMULATED
                                    COMPENSATION      OTHER                                     TOTAL
                                     & UNEARNED   COMPREHENSIVE     RETAINED      TREASURY  STOCKHOLDERS'
                                    ESOP SHARES   INCOME (LOSS)     EARNINGS       STOCK       EQUITY
- ----------------------------------  ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>           <C>            <C>              <C>       <C>
Balance at Dec. 31, 1998              $(29,764)     $    (91)       $382,092      $(22,514)   $ 560,304
Net income (loss)                                                     49,818                     49,818
Other comprehensive income (loss):
 Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) of investments,
   net of tax benefit (expense) of
   $5,763                                            (10,703)                                   (10,703)
Comprehensive income (loss)
Conversion of Class B Preferred
 Stock                                                                                                0
Preferred and common cash
 dividends declared                                                  (10,169)                   (10,169)
Exercise of stock options                                                                            20
Issuance of restricted stock           (10,589)                                                       0
Amortization of deferred
 compensation                            3,781                                                    3,781
Retirement of restricted stock           7,425                                                        0
Stock buyback                                                                       (3,955)      (3,955)
ESOP shares committed to be
 released                                  418                                                      535
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at Dec. 31, 1999              $(28,729)     $(10,794)       $421,741      $(26,469)   $ 589,631
Net income (loss)                                                   (156,684)                  (156,684)
Other comprehensive income (loss):
 Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) of investments,
   net of tax benefit (expense) of
   $(5,111)                                            9,492                                      9,492
Comprehensive income (loss)
Preferred and common cash
 dividends declared                                                   (7,495)                    (7,495)
Exercise of stock options                                                                           155
Issuance of restricted stock            (2,547)                                                       0
Amortization of deferred
 compensation                            5,348                                                    5,348
Retirement of restricted stock           6,460                                                        0
Retirement of treasury stock                                                         8,504            0
ESOP shares committed to be
 released                                  418                                                      455
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at Dec. 31, 2000              $(19,050)     $ (1,302)       $257,562      $(17,965)   $ 440,902
Net income (loss)                                                    (70,533)                   (70,533)
Other comprehensive income (loss):
 Change in unrealized appreciation
   (depreciation) of investments,
   net of tax benefit (expense) of
   $1,379                                              2,561                                      2,561
Comprehensive income (loss)
Preferred and common cash
 dividends declared                                                   (7,659)                    (7,659)
Exercise of stock options                                                                         3,480
Stock option exchange for stock
 and restricted stock tender offer         618                                      (2,152)        (600)
Modification of stock options                                                                     1,966
Issuance of restricted stock              (721)                                                       0
Amortization of deferred
 compensation                            3,256                                                    3,256
Retirement of restricted stock           4,120                                                        0
Stock buyback                                                                       (7,505)      (7,505)
ESOP shares committed to be
 released                                  418                                                      431
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at Dec. 31, 2001              $(11,359)     $  1,259        $179,370      $(27,622)   $ 366,299
========================================================================================================
</Table>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                        43
<PAGE>

ADVANTA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ------------------------------------------
                      ($ IN THOUSANDS)                           2001           2000            1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>            <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES -- CONTINUING OPERATIONS
Net income (loss)                                             $   (70,533)   $  (156,684)   $     49,818
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
  provided by (used in) operating activities:
    (Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax          8,438        163,578          (8,484)
    Loss, net, on discontinuance of mortgage and leasing
      businesses, net of tax                                       31,639          4,298               0
    Investment securities (gains) losses                           26,227         (5,473)        (30,132)
    Loss on sale of deposits                                        2,835              0               0
    Depreciation                                                    9,428         11,471           7,794
    Provision for credit losses                                    35,976         36,309          22,506
    Change in deferred origination costs, net of deferred
      fees                                                         (6,556)        (6,252)         (6,038)
    Proceeds from sale of trading investments                           0              0         185,042
    Change in receivables held for sale                          (320,896)      (509,989)       (450,920)
    Proceeds from sale of receivables held for sale               272,549        512,619         318,692
    Change in amounts due from securitizations, other assets
      and other liabilities                                       (32,072)       (17,427)       (100,164)
    Change in retained interests in securitizations               (15,750)       (28,116)            854
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities               (58,715)         4,334         (11,032)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES -- CONTINUING OPERATIONS
    Change in federal funds sold and interest-bearing
      deposits                                                   (219,863)        50,454         115,953
    Purchase of investments available for sale                 (1,144,064)    (1,826,620)    (12,872,622)
    Proceeds from sales of investments available for sale         896,016        937,617         812,562
    Proceeds from maturing investments available for sale         737,874        899,286      12,171,704
    Change in receivables not held for sale                       (64,189)       (74,330)        (11,124)
    Purchases of premises and equipment, net                       (7,698)       (18,273)         (8,203)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities               198,076        (31,866)        208,270
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FINANCING ACTIVITIES -- CONTINUING OPERATIONS
    Change in demand and savings deposits                          (8,055)      (179,542)         62,329
    Proceeds from issuance of time deposits                       724,665      1,325,125         600,747
    Payments for maturing time deposits                        (1,044,640)    (1,310,966)       (900,507)
    Payments for sale of deposits and related accrued
      interest                                                   (392,511)             0               0
    Change in repurchase agreements, term fed funds and FHLB
      advances                                                     32,317       (324,191)        324,191
    Proceeds from issuance of debt                                182,975        256,098         123,537
    Payments on redemption of debt                               (614,577)      (289,422)       (365,176)
    Change in other borrowings                                     (4,289)        (4,686)         (8,809)
    Proceeds from issuance of stock                                 3,480            155              20
    Stock buyback                                                  (7,505)             0          (3,955)
    Cash dividends paid                                            (7,659)        (7,495)        (10,169)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in financing activities                          (1,135,799)      (534,924)       (177,792)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
    Proceeds from Mortgage Transaction                          1,093,975              0               0
    Other cash used in operating activities                       (78,301)       312,668         241,938
                                                              -----------    -----------    ------------
    Net cash provided by operating activities                   1,015,674        312,668         241,938
    Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                 0        322,155        (325,616)
    Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                 0        (76,435)         57,918
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued operations          1,015,674        558,388         (25,760)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash                                    19,236         (4,068)         (6,314)
Cash at beginning of period                                         1,716          5,784          12,098
========================================================================================================
Cash at end of period                                         $    20,952    $     1,716    $      5,784
========================================================================================================
</Table>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                        44
<PAGE>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         ($ IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)

In these notes to consolidated financial statements, "Advanta", "we", "us", and
"our" refer to Advanta Corp. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise
requires.

     Advanta is a highly focused financial services company. We have been
providing innovative financial solutions since 1951. Our primary business
segment is Advanta Business Cards, one of the nation's largest issuers of
business credit cards to small businesses. In addition to our business credit
card lending business, we have venture capital investments. We own two
depository institutions, Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank. Our banks
offer a variety of deposit products, such as retail and large denomination
certificates of deposit, that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the "FDIC"). Advanta Business Cards is primarily funded and
operated through Advanta Bank Corp. At December 31, 2001, we serviced
approximately 680,000 business credit card customers and managed business credit
card receivables of $2.0 billion.

     Through the first quarter of 2001, we had two additional lending
businesses, Advanta Mortgage and Advanta Leasing Services. In the first quarter
of 2001, we exited our mortgage business, announced the discontinuance of our
leasing business, and restructured our corporate functions to a size
commensurate with our ongoing businesses. The mortgage and equipment leasing
businesses represented 26% of our customers and 84% of our managed receivables
at December 31, 2000. We are continuing to service the existing leasing
portfolio rather than sell the business or the portfolio. The results of the
mortgage and leasing businesses are reported as discontinued operations in all
periods presented. The results of our ongoing businesses are reported as
continuing operations for all periods presented.

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and include the
accounts of Advanta Corp. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year's
presentation.

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting periods. Estimates are used when accounting for securitization income,
retained interests in securitizations, the allowance for credit losses, the fair
value of venture capital investments, litigation and income taxes, among others.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

INVESTMENTS

Investments available for sale include securities that we sell from time to time
to provide liquidity and in response to changes in the market. Debt and equity
securities classified as available for sale are reported at market value and
unrealized gains and losses on these securities are reported in other
comprehensive income, net of income taxes.

     Trading investments are securities that are bought and held principally for
the purpose of selling them in the near term. Trading investments are reported
at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. There were
no investments classified as trading at December 31, 2001 or 2000.

     Investments of our venture capital unit are included in investments
available for sale and are carried at estimated fair value following the
specialized industry accounting principles of this unit. Management makes

                                        45
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

fair value determinations based on quoted market prices, when available, and
considers the investees' financial results, conditions and prospects when market
prices are not available. In accordance with the specialized industry accounting
principles of venture capital investment companies, the unrealized and realized
gains and losses on these investments are included in other revenues rather than
other comprehensive income and the equity method of accounting for investments
is not applied.

     Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the
interest method over the terms of the securities. Gains and losses on the sale
of securities are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the
specific identification method.

RECEIVABLES HELD FOR SALE

Receivables held for sale represent loans currently on the balance sheet that we
intend to sell or securitize within the next six months. These assets are
reported at the lower of aggregate cost or fair market value by loan type. Net
unrealized losses, if any, are recognized through a valuation allowance by
charges to income.

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

The allowance for credit losses is established as losses are estimated to have
occurred through a provision for credit losses charged to earnings. The
allowance for credit losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is
based upon management's periodic review of the collectibility of receivables in
light of historical experience by loan type, the nature and volume of the loan
portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrowers' ability to repay
and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as
it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more
information becomes available. Since our loan portfolio is comprised of large
groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans, we evaluate each group collectively
for impairment. Accordingly, we do not separately identify individual loans for
impairment disclosures.

     Credit losses are charged against the allowance when management believes
the uncollectibility of a receivable balance is confirmed. Subsequent
recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Our charge-off policy for
business credit card accounts is to charge-off an unpaid receivable at 180 days
contractually delinquent. Business credit card accounts suspected of being
fraudulent are charged-off after a 90-day investigative period, unless our
investigation shows no evidence of fraud. Effective October 1, 2000, bankrupt
business credit cards are charged off within a 60-day investigative period after
receipt of notification. The previous policy provided a 90-day investigative
period. Net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses less current
period recoveries. The accrued interest and fee portion of the charged-off
receivable balance is deducted from current period income.

INTEREST AND FEE INCOME ON RECEIVABLES

Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance of receivables.
Interest income includes late fees on business credit card receivables. Fee
income is recognized when billed to the cardholder, with the exception of
origination fees as discussed in "Origination Costs and Fees." The accrual of
interest and fees is discontinued when the related receivable becomes 90 days
past due.

ORIGINATION COSTS AND FEES

We engage unrelated third parties to solicit and originate business credit card
account relationships. Amounts paid to third parties to acquire business credit
card accounts and certain other origination costs are deferred and netted
against any related business credit card origination fee, and the net amount is
amortized on a straight-line basis over the privilege period of one year. These
costs represent the cost of acquiring business credit card account
relationships, and the net amortization is included in operating expenses.

                                        46
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

SECURITIZATION ACTIVITIES

A significant portion of our funding is through off-balance sheet business
credit card securitizations via a securitization trust. The securitization trust
was created to hold the collateral (the securitized receivables) and issue debt
to investors. The securitization trust is a qualifying special-purpose entity as
defined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 140,
"Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments
of Liabilities -- a Replacement of FASB Statement No. 125," and therefore, is
not consolidated as part of Advanta Corp.'s consolidated financial statements.
We do not provide any guarantee of the debt issued by the special-purpose entity
and our recourse in the transactions is limited to the value of our interests in
securitizations that act as credit enhancement to the investors' interests.

     We sell business credit card receivables through securitizations with
servicing retained. When we securitize, we surrender control over the
transferred assets and account for the transaction as a sale to the extent that
consideration other than beneficial interests in the transferred assets is
received in exchange. We allocate the previous carrying amount of the
securitized receivables between the assets sold and the retained interests,
based on their relative estimated fair values at the date of sale.
Securitization income is recognized at the time of the sale, equal to the excess
of the fair value of the assets obtained (principally cash) over the allocated
cost of the assets sold and transaction costs. During the revolving period of
each business credit card securitization, securitization income is recorded
representing estimated gains on the sale of new receivables to the
securitization trust on a continuous basis to replenish the investors' interest
in securitized receivables that have been repaid by the business credit card
account holders. Fair value estimates used in the recognition of securitization
income require certain assumptions of payment, default and interest rates. To
the extent actual results are different than those estimates, the impact is
recognized in securitization income.

     On a monthly basis, income-related cash flows on securitized receivables
(finance charges, interchange and fees) are used to pay note holders' interest
and servicing fees, and any excess cash flow serves as credit enhancement to
cover credit losses in that month.

     In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140 which revised the standards
for accounting for securitizations and other transfers of financial assets and
collateral and required certain disclosures, but carried over most of SFAS No.
125's provisions without amendment. SFAS No. 140 was effective for transfers and
servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities occurring after
March 31, 2001. The statement was effective for recognition and reclassification
of collateral and for disclosures relating to securitization transactions and
collateral for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2000. The adoption of SFAS
No. 140 did not have a material effect on our financial position or results of
operations.

     We adopted Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 99-20, "Recognition of Interest
Income and Impairment on Purchased and Retained Beneficial Interest in
Securitized Financial Assets" on April 1, 2001. The implementation of EITF 99-20
did not have a material effect on our financial position or results of
operations.

RETAINED INTERESTS IN SECURITIZATIONS

Retained interests in securitizations include restricted cash reserve accounts,
retained interest-only strips and subordinated trust assets related to
securitizations. Subordinated trust assets represent an ownership interest in
the securitized receivables that is subordinated to the other investors'
interests. Retained interests in securitizations serve as credit enhancement for
the securitization transactions. We account for retained interests in
securitizations as trading securities. These assets are recorded at estimated
fair value and the resulting unrealized gain or loss from the valuation is
included in securitization income.

     We estimate the fair value of retained interests in securitizations based
on a discounted cash flow analysis. The cash flows of the retained interest-only
strip are estimated as the excess of the weighted average finance charge yield
on each pool of the receivables sold over the sum of the interest rate paid to
the note holder, the servicing fee and an estimate of future credit losses over
the life of the receivables. Cash flows are discounted from the date the cash is
expected to become available to us (the "cash-out" method). These cash

                                        47
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

flows are projected over the life of the receivables using payment, default, and
interest rate assumptions that management believes would be used by market
participants for similar financial instruments subject to prepayment, credit and
interest rate risk. The cash flows are discounted using an interest rate that
management believes a purchaser unrelated to the seller of the financial
instrument would demand. As all estimates used are influenced by factors outside
our control, there is uncertainty inherent in these estimates, making it
reasonably possible that they could change in the near term. Interest income is
recognized over the life of the retained interests in securitizations using the
discount rate used in the valuation.

SERVICING RIGHTS

Servicing assets associated with business credit card securitization
transactions are not material as the benefits of servicing are not expected to
be more or less than adequate compensation for performing the servicing.

AMOUNTS DUE FROM SECURITIZATIONS

Amounts due from securitizations consists primarily of accrued interest and fees
on securitized receivables, amounts owed from the trust for the purchase of new
loan receivables during the revolving period, and amounts owed from the trust
for one month's servicing fee and one month's income-related cash flows in
excess of that month's note holders' interest, servicing fees and credit losses.

INTERCHANGE INCOME

Interchange income includes interchange revenue on both owned and securitized
business credit cards.

PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

Premises, equipment, computers and software are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Repairs and
maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Estimated useful lives used for
premises and equipment are as follows:

<Table>
<S>                                                             <C>
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                               4 to 7 years
Computers and software                                          3 to 4 years
</Table>

     Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lives of the
leases or estimated service lives.

SECURITIES SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as secured
borrowings because we maintain effective control over the transferred assets.
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are reflected at the amount of
cash received in connection with the transaction. We may be required to provide
additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

We use derivative financial instruments as part of our risk management strategy
to reduce interest rate risk. Derivatives are not used for trading or
speculative activities. We adopted SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," and SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Certain
Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities -- an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 133," on January 1, 2001. The adoption of SFAS No. 133 and No. 138
had no impact on income from continuing operations and was not material to
income from discontinued operations.

     We recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. On the
date the derivative instrument is entered into, we may designate the derivative
as either (1) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or

                                        48
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment, (2) a hedge of a forecasted
transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related
to a recognized asset or liability ("cash flow hedge"), or (3) a hedge of a net
investment in a foreign operation. All derivatives used in continuing operations
in the year ended December 31, 2001 were designated as fair value hedges. There
were no derivatives designated as cash flow hedges or net investment hedges in
the year ended December 31, 2001.

     Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as, and meets
all the required criteria for, a fair value hedge, along with the gain or loss
on the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the hedged risk, are
recorded in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative
that is designated as, and meets all the required criteria for, a cash flow
hedge are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified
into earnings as the underlying hedged item affects earnings. Changes in the
fair value of a derivative or non-derivative instrument that is designated as,
and meets all the required criteria for, a hedge of a net investment are
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. The portion of the change in
fair value of a derivative associated with hedge ineffectiveness or the
component of a derivative instrument excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness is recorded currently in earnings. Also, changes in the entire
fair value of a derivative that is not designated as a hedge are recorded
immediately in earnings. We formally document all relationships between hedging
instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk-management objective and
strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes
relating all derivatives that are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges
to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm
commitments or forecasted transactions.

     We also formally assess, both at the inception of the hedge and on an
ongoing basis, whether each derivative is highly effective in offsetting changes
in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. If it is determined that a
derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or if a derivative ceases to be a
highly effective hedge, we will discontinue hedge accounting prospectively.

     Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 133 on January 1, 2001, gains or losses
on derivatives designated as hedges of balance sheet items not carried at fair
value were deferred and were ultimately recognized in income as part of the
carrying amount of the related balance sheet item exposing us to interest rate
risk. Accrual accounting was applied for derivatives designated as synthetic
alterations with income and expense recorded in the same category as the related
underlying on-balance sheet or off-balance sheet item synthetically altered. For
derivatives designated as hedges of balance sheet items where changes in fair
value were recognized currently in earnings, the related derivative was included
in the balance sheet at fair value, and changes in the fair value of the
derivative were also recognized currently in earnings.

BUSINESS CREDIT CARD REWARDS PROGRAMS

We offer bonus mile and cash-back reward programs with certain of our business
credit cards. Eligible cardholders earn points for bonus miles or up to 2%
cash-back rewards based on net purchases charged on their business credit card
account. The cost of future reward redemptions are estimated and recorded at the
time bonus mile points or cash-back rewards are earned by the cardholder. We
estimate that 80% to 100% of cardholders will ultimately claim rewards. The
estimate varies depending on the structure of the rewards program. These costs
of future reward redemptions are recorded as a reduction of other revenues.

INSURANCE

Insurance premiums and commission revenues are earned ratably over the period of
insurance coverage provided. Reinsurance premiums, net of commission expenses,
on credit life, disability and unemployment policies, are earned monthly based
upon the outstanding balance of the underlying receivables. Acquisition costs
are deferred and amortized over the period the related premiums or commissions
will be earned in order to match the expense with the anticipated revenue.

     Insurance loss reserves are based on estimated settlement amounts for both
reported losses, incurred but not reported losses and loss adjustment expenses.
                                        49
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

We have elected to account for stock-based compensation following Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 25 "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" as
permitted by SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock Based Compensation" ("SFAS
123"). We have adopted the disclosure-only provisions of SFAS 123.

INCOME TAXES

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the liability
(or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or
liability is determined based on the tax effects of the temporary differences
between the book and tax bases of the various assets and liabilities and gives
current recognition to changes in tax rates and laws. We reduce our deferred tax
assets by a valuation allowance, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits
that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. In
establishing the valuation allowance, management considers (1) estimates of
expected future taxable income, (2) existing and projected book/tax differences,
(3) tax planning strategies available, and (4) the general and industry specific
economic outlook. This analysis is inherently subjective, as it requires
estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information
becomes available.

EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to
common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Income available to common stockholders is computed by
deducting Class A and Class B Preferred Stock dividends from net income. Diluted
earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common
stockholders, increased by dividends on dilutive Class B Preferred Stock (if
applicable for the period), by the sum of average common shares outstanding plus
dilutive common shares for the period. Potentially dilutive common shares
include stock options, restricted stock issued under incentive plans and,
through September 15, 1999, Class B Preferred Stock. Since the cash dividends
declared on our Class B Common Stock were higher than the dividends declared on
the Class A Common Stock, basic and diluted earnings per common share have been
calculated using the "two-class" method. The two-class method is an earnings
allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common
stock according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed
earnings. We have also presented combined earnings per common share, which
represents a weighted average of Class A and Class B earnings per common share.

CASH FLOW REPORTING

Cash paid for interest was $122.4 million during 2001, $182.4 million during
2000, and $161.0 million during 1999. The net cash refund received for taxes was
$1.1 million in 2001. Cash paid for taxes was $4.1 million during 2000 and $8.9
million during 1999.

NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

Effective February 28, 2001, we completed the exit of our mortgage business,
Advanta Mortgage, through a purchase and sale agreement with Chase Manhattan
Mortgage Corporation as buyer (the "Mortgage Transaction"). Prior to the
Mortgage Transaction, Advanta Mortgage made nonconforming home equity loans
directly to consumers and through brokers. This business unit originated and
serviced first and second lien mortgage loans, including home equity lines of
credit, through subsidiaries of Advanta. In addition to servicing and managing
the loans it originated, Advanta Mortgage contracted with third parties to
service their nonconforming home equity loans on a subservicing basis. Following
the Mortgage Transaction, we no longer operate a mortgage business. The purchase
and sale agreement provided for the sale, transfer and assignment of
substantially all of the assets and operating liabilities associated with our
mortgage business, as well as specified contingent liabilities arising from our
operation of the mortgage business prior to closing that were identified in the
purchase and sale agreement. We retained contingent liabilities, primarily
relating to

                                        50
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

litigation, arising from our operation of the mortgage business before closing
that were not specifically assumed by the buyer. The proceeds from the sale
exceeded $1 billion, subject to closing adjustments, resulting in an estimated
gross gain of approximately $60 million before transaction expenses, severance
expenses and other costs. The gain on the Mortgage Transaction does not reflect
any impact from the post-closing adjustment process. Although the Mortgage
Transaction resulted in a gain for financial reporting purposes, due to book/tax
differences, we will not pay any material federal income tax as a result of the
sale. See Note 11 for a discussion of litigation related to the Mortgage
Transaction.

     On January 23, 2001, we announced that after a thorough review of strategic
alternatives available for our leasing business, Advanta Leasing Services, we
decided to cease originating leases. Advanta Leasing Services offered flexible
lease financing programs on small-ticket equipment to small businesses. The
primary products financed included office machinery, security systems and
computers. We will continue to service the existing portfolio rather than sell
the business or the portfolio. In connection with the discontinuance of the
leasing business, we recorded a $4.3 million pretax loss effective December 31,
2000, representing the estimated operating results through the remaining term of
the leasing portfolio. Estimated operating results of the leasing business
included estimated valuations of retained interests in leasing securitizations,
estimated cash flows from on-balance sheet lease receivables, interest expense
and operating expenses. As all estimates used are influenced by factors outside
our control, there is uncertainty inherent in these estimates, making it
reasonably possible that they could change in the near term. In the year ended
December 31, 2001, we incurred an additional $45.0 million pretax loss on the
discontinuance of the leasing business due to changes in the estimate of those
operating results. These changes in estimate were needed due to an increase in
estimated credit losses expected throughout the remaining term of the leasing
portfolio based on credit loss experience in 2001. The primary factor
contributing to the increased credit losses is that one of our former leasing
vendors filed for bankruptcy protection and this vendor's financial problems
have impacted its ability to service a segment of our leasing portfolio.

     The exit of the mortgage business and discontinuance of the leasing
business represent the disposal of business segments following Accounting
Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 30. Accordingly, results of these
operations are classified as discontinued in all periods presented.

     Revenues and expenses of Advanta Mortgage were as follows for the period
from January 1, 2001 to the disposal date of February 28, 2001 and for the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                      JANUARY 1, 2001     YEAR ENDED      YEAR ENDED
                                                      TO FEBRUARY 28,    DECEMBER 31,    DECEMBER 31,
                                                           2001              2000            1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>             <C>
Interest revenue                                         $ 18,922         $ 164,142       $ 131,496
Noninterest revenues                                       17,709            37,679         179,957
Interest expense                                          (11,160)          (93,845)        (78,461)
Other expenses                                            (37,721)         (245,004)       (228,122)
Income tax (expense) benefit                                3,812                 0          (1,926)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
  tax                                                    $ (8,438)        $(137,028)      $   2,944
=====================================================================================================
</Table>

                                        51
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Revenues and expenses of Advanta Leasing Services were as follows for the
years ended December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                2000        1999
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Interest revenue                                              $ 15,632    $ 10,146
Noninterest revenues                                             9,459      40,970
Interest expense                                               (12,777)     (8,415)
Other expenses                                                 (38,864)    (33,574)
Income tax expense                                                   0      (3,587)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax        $(26,550)   $  5,540
==================================================================================
</Table>

     We allocated interest expense to the discontinued operations based on the
ratio of net assets of discontinued operations to the total net assets of the
consolidated company.

     The components of the gain (loss) on discontinuance of our mortgage and
leasing businesses for the years ended December 31 were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                            2001                    2000
                                                    --------------------    --------------------
                                                                ADVANTA                 ADVANTA
                                                    ADVANTA     LEASING     ADVANTA     LEASING
                                                    MORTGAGE    SERVICES    MORTGAGE    SERVICES
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Pretax gain (loss) on discontinuance of mortgage
  and leasing businesses                            $20,753     $(45,000)      $0       $(4,298)
Income tax (expense) benefit                         (8,637)       1,245        0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gain (loss) on discontinuance of mortgage and
  leasing businesses, net of tax                    $12,116     $(43,755)      $0       $(4,298)
================================================================================================
</Table>

     The estimated operating results of Advanta Leasing Services through the
remaining term of the lease portfolio were estimated at the measurement date of
December 31, 2000 in the determination of the loss on discontinuance. As
discussed above, the estimate was revised and an additional $45.0 million loss
was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2001 as a loss on discontinuance.

                                        52
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Per share data was as follows for the years ended December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                             ADVANTA MORTGAGE         ADVANTA LEASING SERVICES
                                         -------------------------    -------------------------
                                          2001      2000     1999      2001      2000     1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>
Basic income (loss) from discontinued
  operations per common share
  Class A                                $(0.33)   $(5.45)   $0.12    $ 0.00    $(1.06)   $0.24
  Class B                                 (0.33)    (5.45)    0.12      0.00     (1.06)    0.24
  Combined                                (0.33)    (5.45)    0.12      0.00     (1.06)    0.24
Diluted income (loss) from discontinued
  operations per common share
  Class A                                $(0.33)   $(5.41)   $0.12    $ 0.00    $(1.05)   $0.23
  Class B                                 (0.33)    (5.41)    0.12      0.00     (1.05)    0.23
  Combined                                (0.33)    (5.41)    0.12      0.00     (1.05)    0.23
Basic gain (loss), net, on
  discontinuance of mortgage and
  leasing businesses, net of tax, per
  common share
  Class A                                $ 0.47    $ 0.00    $0.00    $(1.70)   $(0.17)   $0.00
  Class B                                  0.47      0.00     0.00     (1.70)    (0.17)    0.00
  Combined                                 0.47      0.00     0.00     (1.70)    (0.17)    0.00
Diluted gain (loss), net, on
  discontinuance of mortgage and
  leasing businesses, net of tax, per
  common share
  Class A                                $ 0.47    $ 0.00    $0.00    $(1.70)   $(0.17)   $0.00
  Class B                                  0.47      0.00     0.00     (1.70)    (0.17)    0.00
  Combined                                 0.47      0.00     0.00     (1.70)    (0.17)    0.00
===============================================================================================
</Table>

     The components of net assets of discontinued operations were as follows at
December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                2001         2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Loans and leases, net                                         $ 52,739    $  370,682
Other assets                                                   100,061       887,168
Liabilities                                                    (10,397)      (56,520)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets of discontinued operations                         $142,403    $1,201,330
====================================================================================
</Table>

     As discussed above, we will continue to service the existing lease
portfolio. At December 31, 2001, there were $365 million of securitized leases
outstanding, and we had retained interests in leasing securitizations of $44
million. At December 31, 2000, there were $658 million of securitized leases
outstanding, and we had retained interests in leasing securitizations of $78
million. The retained interests in leasing securitizations are included in net
assets of discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheets. At
December 31, 2001, the fair value of the retained interests in leasing
securitizations was estimated using a 12.0% discount rate on future cash flows,
loss rates ranging from 9.0% to 9.9% and a weighted average life of 1.1 years.
Actual results may vary from our estimates, and the impact of any differences
will be recognized in income when determined.

     We use interest rate swaps to manage the impact of fluctuating interest
rates on the fair value of certain retained interests in leasing
securitizations. The interest rate swaps effectively convert a leasing
off-balance sheet variable securitization to a fixed rate. At December 31, 2001,
the notional amount of interest rate swaps outstanding relating to leasing
securitizations was $113.6 million, and the estimated fair value was a liability
of $3.5 million. At December 31, 2000, the notional amount of interest rate
swaps outstanding relating to leasing securitizations was $216.2 million, and
the estimated fair value was a liability of $1.4 million. The interest rate

                                        53
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

swaps are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Advanta
Leasing Services operating results. As discussed above, the estimated operating
results of Advanta Leasing Services through the remaining term of the lease
portfolio were estimated at the measurement date in the determination of the
loss on discontinuance.

NOTE 3.  RESTRICTED INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS AND INVESTMENTS AVAILABLE FOR SALE

Restricted interest-bearing deposits at December 31, 2001 include $72.0 million
of amounts held in escrow in connection with our litigation with Fleet Financial
Group ("Fleet"), and $36.1 million held in escrow in connection with other
litigation-related contingencies.

     Investments available for sale consisted of the following:
<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                   DECEMBER 31,
                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2001                                             2000
                          ----------------------------------------------   ----------------------------------------------
                                        GROSS        GROSS                               GROSS        GROSS
                          AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED    MARKET    AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED    MARKET
                            COST        GAINS        LOSSES      VALUE       COST        GAINS        LOSSES      VALUE
=========================================================================================================================
<S>                       <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
U.S. Treasury and other
 U.S. Government
 securities               $ 85,064      $1,238       $(100)     $ 86,202   $401,168      $  831      $  (774)    $401,225
State and municipal
 securities                  3,889         162         (46)        4,005      4,280         192          (36)       4,436
Collateralized mortgage
 obligations                20,909         409           0        21,318    165,689         119       (2,911)     162,897
Mortgage-backed
 securities                  9,961         274           0        10,235     91,520         764         (311)      91,973
Equity securities(1)        26,621           0           0        26,621     72,403           0            0       72,403
Other(2)                    98,299           0          (1)       98,298     25,735         124           (1)      25,858
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total investments
     available for sale   $244,743      $2,083       $(147)     $246,679   $760,795      $2,030      $(4,033)    $758,792
=========================================================================================================================

<Caption>
                                           DECEMBER 31,
                          ----------------------------------------------
                                               1999
                          ----------------------------------------------
                                        GROSS        GROSS
                          AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED    MARKET
                            COST        GAINS        LOSSES      VALUE
========================================================================
<S>                       <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
U.S. Treasury and other
 U.S. Government
 securities               $145,112        $0        $ (4,668)   $140,444
State and municipal
 securities                  3,473         0             (85)      3,388
Collateralized mortgage
 obligations               456,288         0          (8,220)    448,068
Mortgage-backed
 securities                 98,190         0          (3,634)     94,556
Equity securities(1)        60,892         0               0      60,892
Other(2)                     1,531         2               0       1,533
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total investments
     available for sale   $765,486        $2        $(16,607)   $748,881
=========================================================================
</Table>

(1) Includes venture capital investments of $18.6 million at December 31, 2001,
    $45.3 million at December 31, 2000 and $36.4 million at December 31, 1999.
    The amount shown as amortized cost represents fair value for these
    investments. See Note 1.

(2) Other investments at December 31, 2001 include a $97.0 million investment in
    the Merrill Lynch Premier Institutional Money Market Fund. Other investments
    also include $1.2 million of short-term investments held in a custodial
    account in connection with Advanta National Bank's February 2001 agreement
    with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

     Maturities of investments available for sale at December 31, 2001 were as
follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              AMORTIZED     MARKET
                                                                COST        VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Due in 1 year                                                 $ 33,748     $ 34,343
Due after 1 but within 5 years                                  19,841       20,506
Due after 5 but within 10 years                                 34,465       34,481
Due after 10 years                                                 899          877
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Subtotal                                              88,953       90,207
Collateralized mortgage obligations                             20,909       21,318
Mortgage-backed securities                                       9,961       10,235
Equity securities                                               26,621       26,621
Other                                                           98,299       98,298
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total investments available for sale                $244,743     $246,679
===================================================================================
</Table>

                                        54
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Net realized gains on the sale of investments are included in other
revenues in the consolidated income statements. Realized gains and losses on
sales of investments available for sale were as follows for the years ended
December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                2001       2000       1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>        <C>
Gross realized gains                                          $  3,456    $11,728    $30,697
Gross realized losses                                          (10,100)    (2,564)       (64)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized gains (losses)                                 $ (6,644)   $ 9,164    $30,633
============================================================================================
</Table>

     Investment securities deposited with insurance regulatory authorities to
meet statutory requirements or held by a trustee for the benefit of primary
insurance carriers were $6.2 million at December 31, 2001 and $6.5 million at
December 31, 2000. The carrying value of securities pledged to secure repurchase
agreements was $32.4 million at December 31, 2001 and $0 at December 31, 2000.
The carrying amount of other pledged securities was $0 at December 31, 2001 and
$2.7 million at December 31, 2000.

NOTE 4.  RECEIVABLES

Receivables on the balance sheet, including those held for sale, consisted of
the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Business credit card receivables                              $416,265    $335,087
Other receivables                                               28,189      24,203
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Gross receivables                                    444,454     359,290
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Add: Deferred origination costs, net of deferred fees           20,924      14,368
Less: Allowance for credit losses
  Business credit cards                                        (41,169)    (33,165)
  Other receivables                                               (802)       (202)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total allowance                                      (41,971)    (33,367)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Receivables, net                                              $423,407    $340,291
==================================================================================
</Table>

     Gross managed receivables (owned receivables and securitized receivables)
and managed credit quality data were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31,
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2001          2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Owned business credit card receivables                        $  416,265    $  335,087
Owned other receivables                                           28,189        24,203
Securitized business credit card receivables                   1,626,709     1,324,137
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total managed receivables                            2,071,163     1,683,427
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nonperforming assets -- managed                                   81,666        45,160
Receivables 30 days or more delinquent -- managed                137,517        83,798
Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31 -- managed        143,593        64,638
======================================================================================
</Table>

                                        55
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The geographic concentration of managed receivables was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                     DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              2001                 2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>    <C>           <C>
California                                              $  269,860     13%   $  215,537     13%
Florida                                                    157,555      8       130,250      8
Texas                                                      147,268      7       115,823      7
New York                                                   131,602      6       108,266      6
Illinois                                                    91,910      4        74,542      4
All other                                                1,272,968     62     1,039,009     62
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total managed receivables                     $2,071,163    100%   $1,683,427    100%
==============================================================================================
</Table>

     In the normal course of business, we make commitments to extend credit to
our business credit card customers. Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer subject to certain conditions established in the contract.
We do not require collateral to support business credit card commitments. We had
commitments to extend credit for which there was potential credit risk of $6.6
billion at December 31, 2001 and $5.9 billion at December 31, 2000. We believe
that our customers' utilization of these lines of credit will continue to be
substantially less than the amount of the commitments, as has been our
experience to date. Of these total commitments, $4.6 billion were unused at
December 31, 2001 and $4.2 billion were unused at December 31, 2000.

NOTE 5.  ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

The following table displays five years of allowance history:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2001        2000        1999        1998         1997
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>
Balance at January 1                $ 33,367    $ 14,865    $ 10,650    $ 129,053    $  78,801
Provision for credit losses           35,976      36,309      22,506       38,329      199,509
Allowance on receivables sold or
  transferred                              0           0      (5,791)    (118,420)      (6,039)
Gross charge-offs:
     Business credit cards           (30,540)    (20,174)    (11,341)     (11,126)      (6,403)
     Other receivables                    (3)         (2)     (2,404)           0           (4)
     Consumer credit cards                 0           0           0      (30,999)    (155,528)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total gross charge-offs    (30,543)    (20,176)    (13,745)     (42,125)    (161,935)
Recoveries:
     Business credit cards             3,171       2,369       1,238        1,093          205
     Other receivables                     0           0           7            1            1
     Consumer credit cards                 0           0           0        2,719       18,511
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total recoveries             3,171       2,369       1,245        3,813       18,717
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net charge-offs                      (27,372)    (17,807)    (12,500)     (38,312)    (143,218)
Balance at December 31              $ 41,971    $ 33,367    $ 14,865    $  10,650    $ 129,053
==============================================================================================
</Table>

     As of September 30, 2000, we modified our estimate of the allowance for
credit losses on business credit card receivables. The revised estimate for the
overall portfolio was developed based on discussions with our banking
regulators, changes in the economic environment and the use of more conservative
loss estimates for certain segments of the loan portfolio. Those segments
included accounts with lower credit scores, accounts held by businesses in
operation less than twelve months, and accounts in which cash borrowings
comprise a significant portion of the outstanding balance. As a result of these
changes in estimate, we increased our
                                        56
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

allowance for credit losses by approximately $8 million, which decreased net
income from continuing operations in the year ended December 31, 2000 by
approximately $8 million or $0.32 per diluted combined share.

NOTE 6.  SECURITIZATION ACTIVITIES

The following represents business credit card securitization data for the years
ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the key assumptions used in measuring the
fair value of retained interests at the time of each new securitization or
replenishment during those periods.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  2001             2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>              <C>
Securitization income                                             $ 113,478       $   70,797
Interchange income                                                   61,722           39,684
Servicing revenues                                                   29,221           17,310
Proceeds from new securitizations                                   272,549          512,619
Proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving-period
  securitizations                                                 3,283,737        2,011,733
Cash flows received on retained interests                           175,445           91,517
KEY ASSUMPTIONS:
  Discount rate                                                        12.0%            12.0%
  Monthly payment rate                                         17.9% - 18.8%    18.8% - 19.7%
  Loss rate                                                     7.8% - 10.4%     7.2% -  7.8%
  Finance charge yield, net of interest paid to note holders   12.1% - 15.8%    10.4% - 10.8%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

     There were no purchases of delinquent accounts during 2001 or 2000.

     The following assumptions were used in measuring the fair value of retained
interests in business credit card securitizations at December 31, 2001 and 2000.
The assumptions listed represent weighted averages of assumptions used for each
securitization.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001    2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>
Discount rate                                                 12.0%   12.0%
Monthly payment rate                                          18.2    19.0
Loss rate                                                     10.4     7.8
Finance charge yield, net of interest paid to note holders    15.8    10.8
==========================================================================
</Table>

     In addition to the assumptions identified above, management also considered
qualitative factors such as the impact of the current economic environment on
the performance of the business credit card receivables sold and the potential
volatility of the current market for similar instruments in assessing the fair
value of retained interests in business credit card securitizations.

                                        57
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     We have prepared sensitivity analyses of the valuations of retained
interests in securitizations. The sensitivity analyses show the hypothetical
effect on the fair value of those assets of two unfavorable variations from the
expected levels for each key assumption, independently from any change in
another key assumption. The following are the results of those sensitivity
analyses on the valuation at December 31, 2001.

<Table>
<S>                                                           <C>
Fair value at December 31, 2001                               $ 88,658
Effect on fair value of the following hypothetical changes
  in key assumptions:
  Discount rate increased by 2%                                   (741)
  Discount rate increased by 4%                                 (1,474)
  Monthly payment rate at 110% of base assumption                    0
  Monthly payment rate at 125% of base assumption               (1,635)
  Loss rate at 110% of base assumption                          (4,031)
  Loss rate at 125% of base assumption                         (10,040)
  Finance charge yield, net of interest paid to note
     holders, decreased by 1%                                   (3,888)
  Finance charge yield, net of interest paid to note
     holders, decreased by 2%                                   (7,764)
</Table>

     The objective of these hypothetical analyses is to measure the sensitivity
of the fair value of the retained interests to changes in assumptions. The
methodology used to calculate the fair value in the analyses is a discounted
cash flow analysis, the same methodology used to estimate fair value as
described in Note 1. These estimates do not factor in the impact of simultaneous
changes in other key assumptions. The above scenarios do not reflect
management's expectation regarding the future direction of these rates, and they
depict only certain possibilities out of a large set of possible scenarios.

NOTE 7.  SELECTED BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION

Other assets consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Current and deferred federal and state income taxes, net      $ 94,922    $ 87,794
Amounts due from transfer of consumer credit card business      70,545      70,545
Cash surrender value of insurance contracts                     26,065      20,432
Investment in Fleet Credit Card LLC                             20,000      20,000
Other                                                           53,157      57,887
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total other assets                                  $264,689    $256,658
==================================================================================
</Table>

Other liabilities consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                         $ 43,554    $ 70,041
Business credit card rewards                                    10,389       3,463
Accrued interest payable                                         9,095      31,048
Other                                                          114,529      91,569
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total other liabilities                             $177,567    $196,121
==================================================================================
</Table>

                                        58
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

NOTE 8.  DEPOSITS

Deposit accounts consist of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                   DECEMBER 31,
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001         2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Demand deposits                                               $  6,500    $    4,545
Money market savings                                             3,510        64,023
Time deposits of $100,000 or less                              389,888       916,921
Time deposits of more than $100,000                            237,017       361,487
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total deposits                                      $636,915    $1,346,976
====================================================================================
</Table>

     Time deposit maturities are as follows:

<Table>
<S>                                                           <C>
Year Ended December 31,
2002                                                          $419,907
2003                                                           146,257
2004                                                            58,357
2005                                                             2,384
</Table>

     In the second quarter of 2001, we sold $389.7 million of deposit
liabilities to E*TRADE Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of E*TRADE Group, Inc.

NOTE 9.  DEBT

The composition of debt was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
SENIOR DEBT
RediReserve demand certificates, variable (3.00%-4.25%)       $ 28,312    $ 50,190
12 month senior notes, fixed (4.64%-11.33%)                    125,450     152,553
18 month senior notes, fixed (5.59%-11.38%)                     12,097       9,229
24 month senior notes, fixed (6.06%-11.42%)                     77,228      86,109
30 month senior notes, fixed (6.16%-11.47%)                     15,334      14,684
48 month senior notes, fixed (7.00%-11.51%)                      9,670       8,384
60 month senior notes, fixed (6.53%-11.56%)                     36,258      34,849
Value notes, fixed                                                   0       3,271
Medium-term notes, fixed (6.92%-6.98%)                             199     313,100
Medium-term notes, floating                                          0      30,500
Medium-term bank notes, fixed                                        0       3,404
Other senior notes, fixed (3.92%-11.33%)                        18,453      48,197
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total senior debt                                    323,001     754,470
Subordinated notes, fixed (9.08%-9.54%)                            581         714
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total debt                                          $323,582    $755,184
==================================================================================
</Table>

     We priced our floating rate medium-term notes based on a spread over LIBOR.
At December 31, 2000, the rates on these notes varied from 7.19% to 7.30%;
however, we used derivative financial instruments to effectively convert certain
fixed rate medium-term notes to a LIBOR-based variable rate. See Note 25. We
used part of the proceeds from the Mortgage Transaction in the first quarter of
2001 to pay off substantially all of our outstanding medium-term notes and to
reduce our outstanding senior notes in 2001.

                                        59
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The annual contractual maturities of debt at December 31, 2001 for the
years ending December 31 are as follows: $251.2 million in 2002; $42.0 million
in 2003; $14.5 million in 2004; $10.8 million in 2005; and $5.1 million in 2006.
The average interest cost of our debt was 9.47% during 2001, 8.17% during 2000
and 6.53% during 1999.

NOTE 10.  OTHER BORROWINGS

The composition of other borrowings was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                DECEMBER 31,
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               2001       2000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>
Securities sold under repurchase agreements                   $32,317    $    0
Other borrowings                                                    0     4,289
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total                                               $32,317    $4,289
===============================================================================
</Table>

     At December 31, 2001 we had a $280.3 million committed commercial paper
conduit facility. We pay a facility fee on the unused portion of the commitment
at an annual rate of 15 basis points. This facility provides for off-balance
sheet funding. At December 31, 2001, there were $120 million of business credit
card receivables securitized through this facility. The commitment can be
withdrawn under certain conditions, including a failure to make payments under
the terms of the agreement and the failure to maintain a three-month average
excess spread percentage on the securitized receivables at a level greater than
0%. Excess spread represents income-related cash flows on securitized
receivables (finance charges, interchange and fees) net of note holders'
interest, servicing fees, and credit losses. The agreement also requires the
servicer of the receivables, Advanta Bank Corp., to be well-capitalized. Upon
the expiration of this facility in June 2002, management expects to obtain the
appropriate level of replacement funding under similar terms and conditions. At
December 31, 2000, we had $130.3 million of business credit card receivables
securitized through this facility.

     The following table displays information related to selected types of
short-term borrowings:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                 2001              2000              1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             AMOUNT    RATE    AMOUNT    RATE    AMOUNT    RATE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>
At year end:
  Securities sold under repurchase
     agreements                             $ 32,317   2.09%  $      0      0%  $104,191   5.78%
  FHLB advances                                    0      0          0      0    220,000   5.53
===============================================================================================
Average for the year:
  Securities sold under repurchase
     agreements                             $ 16,705   5.74%  $ 36,960   6.14%  $ 24,647   5.39%
  Term fed funds, fed funds purchased and
     FHLB advances                                 0      0     62,435   6.14     11,432   5.57
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                                     $ 16,705   5.74%  $ 99,395   6.14%  $ 36,079   5.43%
===============================================================================================
Maximum month-end balance:
  Securities sold under repurchase
     agreements                             $148,545          $149,628          $104,191
  Term fed funds, fed funds purchased and
     FHLB advances                                 0           210,000           220,000
===============================================================================================
</Table>

     The weighted average interest rates were calculated by dividing the
interest expense for the period by the average amount of short-term borrowings
outstanding during the period, calculated as an average of daily amounts.

                                        60
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

NOTE 11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

On January 22, 1999, Fleet and certain of its affiliates filed a lawsuit against
Advanta Corp. and certain of its subsidiaries in Delaware Chancery Court.
Fleet's allegations, which we deny, center around Fleet's assertions that we
failed to complete certain post-closing adjustments to the value of the assets
and liabilities we contributed to Fleet Credit Card LLC in connection with the
transfer of our consumer credit card business in 1998 (the "Consumer Credit Card
Transaction"). Fleet seeks damages of approximately $141 million. We filed an
answer to the complaint denying the material allegations of the complaint, but
acknowledging that we contributed $1.8 million in excess liabilities in the
post-closing adjustment process, after taking into account the liabilities we
have already assumed. We also filed a countercomplaint against Fleet for
approximately $101 million in damages we believe have been caused by certain
actions of Fleet following the closing of the Consumer Credit Card Transaction.
In October 2001, the court issued a ruling on summary judgment in favor of Fleet
on certain legal issues and positions advocated by Fleet and against others that
Fleet advocated. As a result, for purposes of trial only, the parties stipulated
to a number of issues relating to the court's orders including certain amounts
that would be owed by each party to the other, while preserving their rights to
appeal. Many issues remained to be determined at trial, including the financial
impact of all issues in dispute. The trial took place in November and December
2001. The court ordered a post-trial briefing schedule, which has the parties
submitting briefs through March 2002, with oral argument scheduled for April
2002. As a result of related litigation with Fleet, $70.1 million of our
reserves in connection with this litigation were funded in an escrow account in
February 2001. Taking into account amounts that Fleet owes to us and the amount
escrowed, including interest, we have funded our estimated maximum net exposure
to Fleet in the litigation. Management expects that the ultimate resolution of
this litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial
position or future operating results given the amount escrowed, our reserves and
amounts that Fleet owes us.

     On December 5, 2000, a former executive of Advanta obtained a jury verdict
against Advanta in the amount of $3.9 million in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, in connection with various
claims against Advanta related to the executive's termination of employment. In
September 2001, the District Court Judge issued orders denying both parties'
post-trial motions. A judgment in the amount of approximately $6 million, which
includes the $3.9 million described above, was entered against Advanta. In
September 2001, Advanta filed an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Advanta has posted a supersedeas bond in the amount of $8
million and has filed its principal brief in the Court of Appeals. The plaintiff
filed a cross-appeal from the order adverse to him. Advanta is vigorously
pursuing its appeal. The District Court Judge has not yet ruled on the
executive's petition for attorney's fees and costs in the amount of
approximately $1.2 million, which Advanta has contested. Management expects that
the ultimate resolution of this litigation will not have a material adverse
effect on our financial position or future operating results.

     On December 21, 2000, Banc One Financial Services, Inc. and Bank One, N.A
(together "Banc One") filed a complaint in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division, that alleges, among other
things, that Advanta breached two mortgage loan servicing agreements by
wrongfully withholding as termination fees an amount in excess of $23 million,
from amounts that we had collected under the loan servicing agreements. An
answer to Banc One's second amended complaint was filed in July 2001 denying
liability, raising affirmative defenses and asserting a counterclaim. Various
motions were filed, including Advanta's motion for partial summary judgment
under one of the two loan servicing agreements, Banc One's motion for summary
judgment on liability under both loan servicing agreements, and Banc One's
motions to strike Advanta's counterclaim and ninth affirmative defense (both
alleging breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing). In
January 2002, the court entered an opinion and order on the pending motions,
which granted in part and denied in part both parties' motions for summary
judgment. The court treated Banc One's motions to strike as motions for summary
judgment, and although not entirely clear on this point, apparently granted them
in part and denied them in part. Banc One's motions to strike were denied as
moot. The court's ruling is essentially an interlocutory ruling in favor of
Advanta under one of

                                        61
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

the two agreements and in favor of Banc One under the other of the two
agreements. Advanta's counterclaim survives in part. The court's order does not
constitute a final judgment and no assessment of damages either on Advanta's
counterclaim or Banc One's claim has occurred. Further proceedings in the trial
court on the matter of damages on both the surviving portion of Advanta's
counterclaim and Banc One's surviving claim are to ensue. The amount of damages
which Banc One might ultimately be entitled to recover from Advanta remains
undetermined and dependent upon a number of factors, including the resolution of
various legal issues which remain to be resolved and the amount of any damages
Advanta might be entitled to recover against Banc One, which likewise remains
undetermined. Management expects that the ultimate resolution of this litigation
will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or future
operating results.

     On July 26, 2001, Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation ("Chase") filed a
complaint against Advanta and certain of its subsidiaries in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware alleging, among other things, that
Advanta breached its contract with Chase in connection with the Mortgage
Transaction. Chase claims that Advanta misled Chase concerning the value of
certain of the assets sold to Chase. In September 2001, Advanta filed an answer
to the complaint in which Advanta denied all of the substantive allegations of
the complaint and asserted a counterclaim against Chase for breach of contract
relating to funds owed by Chase to Advanta in connection with the transaction.
The matter is in discovery and trial is scheduled for April 2003. We believe
that the lawsuit is without merit and will vigorously defend Advanta. We do not
expect this lawsuit to have any impact on our continuing business and, based on
the complete lack of merit, we do not anticipate that the lawsuit will have a
material adverse impact to Advanta or the named subsidiaries.

     In addition to the cases described above, Advanta Corp. and its
subsidiaries are involved in class action lawsuits, other litigation, claims and
legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or discontinued
operations, including litigation arising from our operation of the mortgage
business prior to the Mortgage Transaction in the first quarter of 2001.
Management believes that the aggregate liabilities, if any, resulting from all
litigation, claims and other legal proceedings will not have a material adverse
effect on the consolidated financial position or results of our operations based
on the level of litigation reserves we have established and our expectations
regarding the ultimate resolutions of these actions. However, due to the
inherent uncertainty in litigation and since the ultimate resolutions of our
litigation, claims and other legal proceedings are influenced by factors outside
of our control, it is reasonably possible that our estimated liability under
these proceedings may change or that actual results will differ from our
estimates.

     We lease office space in several states under leases accounted for as
operating leases. Total rent expense related to continuing operations was $5.2
million in 2001, $5.6 million in 2000 and $5.3 million in 1999. The future
minimum lease payments of non-cancelable operating leases related to continuing
operations are as follows:

<Table>
<S>                                                           <C>
Year Ended December 31,
2002                                                          $5,119
2003                                                           4,483
2004                                                           3,778
2005                                                           2,970
2006                                                             462
Thereafter                                                       197
</Table>

     In the normal course of business, we make commitments to extend credit to
our business credit card customers. See Note 4 for further discussion.

NOTE 12.  MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SECURITIES

In December 1996, a newly formed statutory business trust established and
wholly-owned by Advanta Corp., issued $100 million of capital securities,
representing preferred beneficial interests in the assets of the trust. We used
the proceeds from the sale for general corporate purposes. The assets of the
trust consist of $100

                                        62
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

million of 8.99% junior subordinated debentures issued by Advanta Corp. due
December 17, 2026. The capital securities will be subject to mandatory
redemption under certain circumstances. These circumstances include the optional
prepayment by Advanta Corp. of the junior subordinated debentures at any time on
or after December 17, 2006 at an amount per capital security equal to 104.495%
of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid distributions. This amount
declines ratably on each December 17 thereafter to 100% on December 17, 2016.
Our obligations, in the aggregate, provide a full and unconditional guarantee of
payments of distributions and other amounts due on the capital securities.
Dividends on the capital securities are cumulative, payable semi-annually in
arrears at an annual rate of 8.99%, and are deferrable at our option for up to
ten consecutive semi-annual periods. We cannot pay dividends on our preferred or
common stocks during deferments. Dividends on the capital securities have been
classified as minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiary in the
consolidated income statements. The trust has no operations or assets separate
from its investment in the junior subordinated debentures. Separate financial
statements of the trust are not presented because management has determined that
they would not be meaningful to investors.

NOTE 13.  CAPITAL STOCK

Class A Preferred Stock is entitled to 1/2 vote per share and a non-cumulative
dividend of $140 per share per year, which must be paid prior to any dividend on
the common stock. The redemption price of the Class A Preferred Stock is
equivalent to its par value.

     On September 15, 1999, all of the 1.4 million outstanding depositary
shares, each representing one one-hundredth interest in a share of Stock
Appreciation Income Linked Securities, mandatorily converted into 1.4 million
shares of Class B Common Stock. The Stock Appreciation Income Linked Securities
constituted a series of our Class B Preferred Stock, designated as 6 3/4%
Convertible Class B Preferred Stock, Series 1995.

     In 2000, we retired 405,000 shares of Class A Treasury stock and 445,600
shares of Class B Treasury stock.

     In 2001, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 1.5
million shares of Advanta Corp. common stock or the equivalent dollar amount of
our capital securities or some combination thereof. As of December 31, 2001, we
have repurchased 693,300 shares of our Class B Common Stock.

     Cash dividends per share of common stock declared during the years ended
December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 were $0.252 for Class A Common Stock and $0.302
for Class B Common Stock.

NOTE 14.  BENEFIT PLANS

We have adopted a stock-based incentive plan designed to provide incentives to
participating employees to remain in our employ and devote themselves to
Advanta's success. Our incentive plan authorizes an aggregate of 20.0 million
shares of Advanta Corp. Class B Common Stock for the grant of options, awards of
shares of stock or awards of stock appreciation rights to employees and
directors. Shares available for future grant were 11.9 million at December 31,
2001 and 11.6 million at December 31, 2000.

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

Under our management incentive programs, eligible employees were given the
opportunity to elect to take portions of their anticipated or target bonus
payments for future years in the form of restricted shares of Advanta Corp.
Common Stock (with each program covering three performance years). To the extent
that these elections were made, or were required by the terms of the programs
for executive officers, restricted shares were issued to employees. The number
of shares granted to employees is determined by dividing the amount of future
target bonus payments that the employee had elected to receive in stock by the
market price as determined under the incentive program. The restricted shares
are subject to forfeiture prior to vesting should the employee terminate
employment with us. Restricted shares vest 10 years from the date of grant.
Vesting was and may continue to be accelerated annually with respect to the
shares granted under the program

                                        63
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

covering the particular performance year, based on the extent to which the
employee and Advanta met or meet their respective performance goals for that
performance year. When newly eligible employees elect to participate in this
program, the number of shares issued to them with respect to their target bonus
payments for the relevant performance years is determined based on the average
market price of the stock for the 90 days prior to the first day of the month in
which they are eligible to join the program. Compensation expense on restricted
shares is recognized over the vesting period of the shares. Compensation expense
recognized in connection with restricted shares was $3.3 million in 2001, $5.3
million in 2000 and $3.8 million in 1999.

     Due to the restructuring of the company in the first quarter of 2001, we
implemented a program whereby certain restricted stock was exchanged for cash
and stock options in a tender offer. The cash and stock options are subject to
the same performance conditions and vesting requirements as the tendered
restricted stock. The stock options expire two years after the vesting date.
There were 117 thousand shares of restricted stock tendered with a weighted
average price at date of issuance of $21.11, and 232 thousand options were
issued in connection with the tender offer with an exercise price of $10.63.
Noncash charges associated with the tender offer and related issuance of stock
options were $1.4 million and were included in unusual charges in the
consolidated income statements.

     The following table summarizes restricted shares outstanding and shares
issued. Substantially all restricted shares outstanding and issued during the
three years ended December 31, 2001 were Class B Common Stock.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                   2001                           2000                           1999
(SHARES IN THOUSANDS)  ----------------------------   ----------------------------   ----------------------------
                                   WEIGHTED AVERAGE               WEIGHTED AVERAGE               WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                       NUMBER OF   PRICE AT DATE OF   NUMBER OF   PRICE AT DATE OF   NUMBER OF   PRICE AT DATE OF
                        SHARES         ISSUANCE        SHARES         ISSUANCE        SHARES         ISSUANCE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>         <C>                <C>         <C>                <C>         <C>
Restricted shares
  outstanding at
  December 31              187            $9              984           $17            1,750           $15
Restricted shares
  issued in the year
  ended December 31         82            $9              201           $13            1,002           $11
=================================================================================================================
</Table>

STOCK OPTIONS

Stock option transactions for the years ended December 31 were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                   2001                           2000                           1999
(SHARES IN THOUSANDS)  ----------------------------   ----------------------------   ----------------------------
                       NUMBER OF   WEIGHTED AVERAGE   NUMBER OF   WEIGHTED AVERAGE   NUMBER OF   WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                        OPTIONS     EXERCISE PRICE     OPTIONS     EXERCISE PRICE     OPTIONS     EXERCISE PRICE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>         <C>                <C>         <C>                <C>         <C>
Outstanding at
  beginning of year      3,049           $13            2,728           $15             2,988          $22
Granted                  1,770            11            1,128             9             1,358           10
Exercised                 (424)            8              (20)            8                (8)           2
Terminated              (1,498)           16             (787)           14            (1,610)          23
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding at end of
  year                   2,897           $11            3,049           $13             2,728          $15
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Options exercisable
  at year-end              787                          1,156                             722
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average fair
  value of options
  granted during the
  year                  $ 4.93                         $ 3.77                         $  4.23
=================================================================================================================
</Table>

                                        64
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
at December 31, 2001.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                 OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                       OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                  -------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------
(SHARES IN THOUSANDS)
                    NUMBER      WEIGHTED AVERAGE                        NUMBER
    RANGE OF      OUTSTANDING      REMAINING       WEIGHTED AVERAGE   EXERCISABLE   WEIGHTED AVERAGE
EXERCISE PRICES   AT 12/31/01   CONTRACTUAL LIFE    EXERCISE PRICE    AT 12/31/01    EXERCISE PRICE
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>               <C>           <S>                <C>                <C>           <C>
$ 1.00 to $ 5.00       261         8.8 years             $ 5               128            $ 5
$ 5.01 to $10.00     1,003         7.0                     8               202              8
$10.01 to $15.00     1,335         7.8                    13               185             13
$15.01 to $20.00       149         6.4                    19               123             19
$20.01 to $40.00       149         4.4                    23               149             23
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total           2,897         7.4                   $11               787            $13
====================================================================================================
</Table>

     Options generally vest over a four-year period and expire 10 years after
the date of grant. Substantially all options outstanding and issued during the
three years ended December 31, 2001 were options to purchase Class B Common
Stock.

     In 2001, we accelerated vesting of 32% of outstanding options that were not
vested at the date of the closing of the Mortgage Transaction. This acceleration
resulted in a noncash charge of $1.3 million that was included in unusual
charges in the consolidated income statements. We also extended the exercise
period for options held by employees in the discontinued businesses for an
additional six months following the date of the Mortgage Transaction, February
28, 2001. This extension resulted in a noncash charge of $650 thousand that was
included in the loss on discontinuance of mortgage and leasing businesses in the
consolidated income statements.

     Due to the restructuring of the company in the first quarter of 2001, we
implemented a program whereby certain out-of-the-money options were exchanged
for shares of stock. There were 510 thousand options terminated in connection
with this program with a weighted average exercise price of $19.42. Noncash
charges associated with the issuance of the stock were $2.2 million and were
included in unusual charges in the consolidated income statements. Shares
granted in exchange for options were immediately vested but their distribution
is deferred. Participants will receive distributions of 25% of their shares on
the first, second, third and fourth anniversary of the program or they may elect
to defer distributions of any installment of shares until the second through
tenth anniversary of the program. If a participant terminates employment with
Advanta, any unpaid installments will be distributed on the tenth anniversary of
the program.

                                        65
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     We account for our stock option plans following Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25, under which no compensation expense has been recognized. Had
compensation cost for these plans been determined consistent with SFAS 123, our
net income (loss) and net income (loss) per common share would have changed to
the following pro forma amounts:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001        2000        1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>         <C>          <C>
Net income (loss)
  As reported                                                $(70,533)   $(156,684)   $49,818
  Pro forma                                                   (74,868)    (163,228)    41,891
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic net income (loss) per common share
  As reported
     Class A                                                 $  (2.79)   $   (6.28)   $  1.95
     Class B                                                    (2.73)       (6.21)      2.02
     Combined                                                   (2.75)       (6.24)      1.99
  Pro forma
     Class A                                                 $  (2.96)   $   (6.54)   $  1.62
     Class B                                                    (2.90)       (6.47)      1.68
     Combined                                                   (2.92)       (6.50)      1.66
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted net income (loss) per common share
  As reported
     Class A                                                 $  (2.79)   $   (6.23)   $  1.94
     Class B                                                    (2.73)       (6.16)      2.00
     Combined                                                   (2.75)       (6.19)      1.98
  Pro forma
     Class A                                                 $  (2.96)   $   (6.49)   $  1.61
     Class B                                                    (2.90)       (6.42)      1.67
     Combined                                                   (2.92)       (6.44)      1.65
=============================================================================================
</Table>

     The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions for the years ended December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                  2001    2000    1999
                                  --------------------
<S>                               <C>     <C>     <C>
Dividend yield                      3%      4%      3%
Expected life (in years)            7       7       7
Expected volatility                56%     50%     49%
Risk-free interest rate           4.6%    5.9%    5.4%
</Table>

STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS AND PHANTOM STOCK

In connection with reviewing our compensation plans after the Mortgage
Transaction and restructuring of corporate functions, we implemented a program
whereby all outstanding stock appreciation rights and shares of phantom stock
were terminated in exchange for cash to be paid through a deferred compensation
arrangement. We recorded charges of $2.9 million associated with this exchange
as unusual charges in the consolidated income statements. Participants will
receive distributions of 25% of their cash on the first, second, third and
fourth anniversary of the program or they may elect to defer payment of any
installment of cash until the second through tenth anniversary of the program.
If a participant terminates employment with Advanta, any unpaid installments
will be distributed on the tenth anniversary of the program.

     In 2000 and 1999, we issued stock appreciation rights to certain directors
in exchange for or in lieu of stock options. In 2001, all outstanding stock
appreciation rights were terminated in exchange for cash to be

                                        66
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

paid through a deferred compensation arrangement as discussed above. The
following table summarized stock appreciation rights outstanding at December 31,
2000:

<Table>
<Caption>
(RIGHTS IN THOUSANDS)
                 RIGHTS OUTSTANDING
 STRIKE PRICE       AT 12/31/00
- -----------------------------------
<S>              <C>
$ 4.75                    1
$ 8.50                  100
$10.75                   27
$12.33                  163
$14.50                  100
$19.00 - $22.13         234
- -----------------------------------
Total                   625
===================================
</Table>

Compensation expense (benefit) related to stock appreciation rights was ($512)
thousand in 2000 and $502 thousand in 1999. There was no compensation expense
(benefit) related to stock appreciation rights in 2001 prior to the exchange.

     In 1999, 27,413 shares of phantom stock were granted at a price of $10.625
to an officer in lieu of restricted shares. There were no shares of phantom
stock granted in 2001 or 2000. In 2001, all outstanding shares of phantom stock
were terminated in exchange for cash to be paid through a deferred compensation
arrangement as discussed above. There were 78,045 shares of phantom stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2000. There was no compensation expense (benefit)
related to the appreciation (depreciation) on shares of phantom stock in 2001
prior to the exchange. Compensation expense (benefit) related to the
appreciation (depreciation) on shares of phantom stock was ($268) thousand in
2000 and $246 thousand in 1999.

EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

We have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees and directors to
purchase Advanta Corp. Class B Common Stock at a 15% discount from the market
price without paying brokerage fees. We report this 15% discount as compensation
expense and incurred expense of $83 thousand in 2001, $163 thousand in 2000 and
$162 thousand in 1999. All shares of Advanta Corp. Class B Common Stock
purchased by the plan in the three years ended December 31, 2001 were purchased
on the open market.

EMPLOYEE SAVINGS PLAN

We have an Employee Savings Plan, which is a defined contribution plan that
provides employees with tax-deferred savings and investment opportunities,
including the ability to invest in Advanta Corp. Class B Common Stock. The plan
provides for discretionary employer contributions equal to a portion of the
first 5% of an employee's compensation contributed to the plan. For the three
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, our contributions equaled 100% of
the first 5% of participating employees' compensation contributed to the plan.
The compensation expense for this plan totaled $1.3 million in 2001, $3.1
million in 2000 and $2.7 million in 1999. All shares of Advanta Corp. Class B
Common Stock purchased by the plan in the three years ended December 31, 2001
were purchased on the open market.

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN

On September 10, 1998, our Board of Directors authorized the formation of an
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the "ESOP"), covering all of our employees who
have reached age 21 with one year of service. During 1998, the ESOP borrowed
approximately $12.6 million from Advanta Corp. and used the proceeds to purchase
approximately 1,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock. The ESOP loan is
repayable with an interest rate of 8% over 30 years. We make annual
contributions to the ESOP equal to the ESOP's debt service less dividends
received on ESOP shares. As the ESOP loan is repaid, shares are allocated to
active

                                        67
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

employees, based on the proportion of debt service paid in the year. We account
for the ESOP in accordance with AICPA Statement of Position 93-6, "Employer's
Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans." Accordingly, unallocated shares
are reported as unearned ESOP shares in the balance sheet. As shares of common
stock acquired by the ESOP are committed to be released to each employee, we
report compensation expense equal to the current market price of the shares, and
the shares become outstanding for earnings per share computations. Dividends on
allocated ESOP shares are recorded as a reduction of retained earnings;
dividends on unallocated ESOP shares are used to fund debt service of the ESOP.
ESOP compensation expense was $431 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2001, $455 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2000 and $535 thousand for
the year ended December 31, 1999. At December 31, 2001, there were 896,317
unearned and unallocated ESOP shares with a fair value of $8.9 million. At
December 31, 2000, there were 931,945 unearned and unallocated ESOP shares with
a fair value of $8.2 million.

DEFERRED CASH COMPENSATION PLAN

We offer an elective, nonqualified deferred compensation plan to eligible
executives and non-employee directors, which allows them to defer a portion of
their cash compensation on a pretax basis. The plan contains provisions related
to minimum contribution levels and deferral periods with respect to any
individual's participation. The plan participant makes irrevocable elections at
the date of deferral as to deferral period and date of distribution.
Distribution from the plan may be either at retirement or at an earlier date,
and can be either in a lump sum or in installment payments. Interest is credited
to the participant's account at the rate of 125% of the 10-year rolling average
interest rate on 10-Year U.S. Treasury Notes. To assist in funding the deferred
compensation liability, we have invested in life insurance contracts.
Compensation expense related to this deferred cash compensation plan was $342
thousand in the year ended December 31, 2001, $447 thousand in the year ended
December 31, 2000 and $563 thousand in the year ended December 31, 1999.

NOTE 15. REGULATORY AGREEMENTS

In June 2000, we announced that our banking subsidiaries, Advanta National Bank
and Advanta Bank Corp., reached agreements with their respective bank regulatory
agencies, primarily relating to the banks' subprime lending operations. The
agreements outlined a series of steps to modify processes and formalize and
document certain practices and procedures for the banks' subprime lending
operations. The agreements also established temporary asset growth limits at
Advanta National Bank and deposit growth limits at Advanta Bank Corp., imposed
restrictions on taking brokered deposits at Advanta National Bank, and required
that Advanta National Bank maintain certain capital ratios in excess of the
minimum regulatory standards. The agreements also required us to change our
charge-off policy for delinquent mortgages to 180 days and to modify our
accounting processes and estimate of our allowance for credit losses and
valuation of residual assets.

     In July 2000, we announced that Advanta National Bank signed a second
agreement with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC")
regarding the carrying value of Advanta National Bank's retained interests in
mortgage securitizations and allowance for mortgage credit losses. For Advanta
National Bank's June 30, 2000 Call Report, in accordance with the provisions of
the agreement, we calculated the valuation of the retained interests based on an
18% discount rate on the interest-only strip and subordinated trust assets, a
15% discount rate on the contractual mortgage servicing rights, a prepayment
rate that represents the average prepayment experience for the six months ended
February 29, 2000 and cumulative loss rates as a percentage of original
principal balance of 6% on closed end mortgage loans and 8% for HELOC (open end)
mortgage loans. The agreement required that, based on these assumptions, the
carrying value of Advanta National Bank's contractual mortgage servicing rights
be reduced by $13 million and the carrying value of Advanta National Bank's
subordinated trust assets and retained interest-only strip be reduced by a total
amount of $201 million. The agreement further required that Advanta National
Bank's allowance for credit losses be increased by $22 million. The agreement
contained provisions regarding the use of similar discount rate and credit loss
assumptions for the calculation of the carrying value of the residual assets in

                                        68
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

future periods. These valuation adjustments and provisions for credit losses are
included in the results of Advanta Mortgage in discontinued operations. See Note
2 for discussion of discontinued operations.

     In 2001, in connection with the Mortgage Transaction, Advanta National Bank
sought approval of the OCC for a return of capital to Advanta Corp, in the
amount of $261 million. On February 28, 2001, the OCC approved the amount
requested and, at the same time, Advanta National Bank entered into an agreement
with the OCC regarding restrictions on new business activities and product lines
at Advanta National Bank after the Mortgage Transaction and the resolution of
outstanding Advanta National Bank liabilities. The February 2001 agreement also
reduces the existing capital requirements for Advanta National Bank and provides
for prior OCC approval of any future dividends. Advanta Bank Corp. is unaffected
by the agreement with the OCC.

     Management believes that Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank were
each in compliance with their respective regulatory agreements at December 31,
2001.

NOTE 16. CAPITAL RATIOS

Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank are wholly owned subsidiaries of
Advanta Corp. Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank are subject to
various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking
agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain
mandatory -- and possibly additional discretionary -- actions by regulators
that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the institutions'
and our financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the
regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the institutions must meet
specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets,
liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory
accounting practices. The institutions' capital amounts and classification are
also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk
weightings and other factors.

     Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy
require the institutions to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in
the table below) of total and Tier I capital (as defined in the regulations) to
risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier I capital (as defined) to average
assets (as defined).

     As set forth in the table below, as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, Advanta
Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank had capital at levels a bank is required to
maintain to be classified as "well-capitalized" under the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action. However, Advanta National Bank does not meet the
definition of "well-capitalized" because of the existence of our agreement with
the OCC, even though we have achieved the higher imposed capital ratios required
by the agreement. Our regulatory agreement with the OCC announced in June 2000
required that Advanta National Bank maintain a ratio of 14% of Tier 1 capital to
risk-weighted assets and a ratio of 17% of Tier 1 capital to adjusted total
assets. On February 28, 2001, Advanta National Bank entered into an agreement
with the OCC after the Mortgage Transaction that superceded the capital ratio
requirements of the June 2000 agreement and lowered the capital requirements for
Advanta National Bank to 12.7% for Tier 1 and Total capital to risk-weighted
assets, and to 5% for Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets as defined in the
agreement.

     In the fourth quarter of 2001, the bank regulatory agencies issued an
interagency policy statement that revised the regulatory capital treatment of
recourse, direct credit substitutes, and residual interests in asset
securitizations. This rule supercedes the former low-level recourse rules and
requires that banks hold one dollar in total risk-based capital against every
dollar of residual interest, with some exceptions. It further requires that
credit enhancing interest-only strips in excess of 25% of Tier 1 capital be
deducted from Tier 1 capital for purposes of calculating bank capital ratios.
This rule has an effective date of January 1, 2002. Early adoption was permitted
for transactions entered into prior to the effective date that result in a
reduced capital requirement. Banks can delay until December 31, 2002, the
application of the final rule to transactions entered into prior to January 1,
2002 that result in increased capital requirements. Advanta Bank Corp. elected
to adopt the rule effective December 31, 2001 and it resulted in a reduced
risk-based capital requirement. We do
                                        69
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

not anticipate the adoption of this rule will have an effect on the capital
requirements of Advanta National Bank.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                                           TO BE WELL-
                                                                                           CAPITALIZED
                                                                                          UNDER PROMPT
                                                                FOR CAPITAL                CORRECTIVE
                                           ACTUAL            ADEQUACY PURPOSES          ACTION PROVISIONS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       AMOUNT    RATIO     AMOUNT       RATIO         AMOUNT       RATIO
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>             <C>        <C>
                                                                     PERCENTAGE                 PERCENTAGE
                                                                            IS                  IS GREATER
                                                                       GREATER                   THAN OR
                                                                       THAN OR                  EQUAL TO
                                                                      EQUAL TO
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001

Total Capital (to Risk Weighted
  Assets)

  Advanta Bank Corp.                  $160,520   18.80%   $ 92,870        8.0%       $105,420       10.0%

  Advanta National Bank                 50,593   23.34      17,341         8.0         21,676        10.0

Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted
  Assets)

  Advanta Bank Corp.                  $145,633   17.06%   $ 59,233        4.0%       $ 73,132        6.0%

  Advanta National Bank                 49,791   22.97       8,670         4.0         13,006         6.0

Tier I Capital (to Average Assets)

  Advanta Bank Corp.                  $145,633   15.07%   $ 38,655        4.0%       $ 48,319        5.0%

  Advanta National Bank                 49,791   15.31      13,007         4.0         16,258         5.0

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000

Total Capital (to Risk Weighted
  Assets)

  Advanta Bank Corp.                  $216,237   14.60%   $138,232        8.0%       $161,854       10.0%

  Advanta National Bank                315,482   15.08     204,482         8.0        235,782        10.0

Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted
  Assets)

  Advanta Bank Corp.                  $194,411   13.13%   $ 81,819        4.0%       $107,149        6.0%

  Advanta National Bank                296,947   14.19     131,947         4.0        165,147         6.0

Tier I Capital (to Average Assets)

  Advanta Bank Corp.                  $194,411   21.08%   $ 36,894        4.0%       $ 46,117        5.0%

  Advanta National Bank                296,947   20.52      57,878         4.0         72,347         5.0
</Table>

NOTE 17.  DIVIDEND AND LOAN RESTRICTIONS

In the normal course of business, Advanta Corp. and its subsidiaries enter into
agreements, or are subject to regulatory requirements, that result in dividend
and loan restrictions.

     FDIC-insured banks are subject to certain provisions of the Federal Reserve
Act which impose various legal limitations on the extent to which banks may
finance or otherwise supply funds to certain of their affiliates. In particular,
Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank are subject to certain restrictions
on any extensions of credit to, or other covered transactions, such as certain
purchases of assets, with Advanta Corp. or its affiliates. Advanta Bank Corp.
and Advanta National Bank are prevented by these restrictions from lending to
Advanta Corp. and its affiliates unless these extensions of credit are secured
by U.S. Government obligations or other specified collateral. Further, secured
extensions of credit are limited in amount: (a) as to Advanta Corp. or any
affiliate, to 10 percent of each bank's capital and surplus, and (b) as to
Advanta Corp. and all affiliates in the aggregate, to 20 percent of each bank's
capital and surplus.

     Under grandfathering provisions of the Competitive Equality Banking Act of
1987, we are not required to register as a bank holding company under the Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, so long as Advanta Corp. and Advanta
National Bank continue to comply with certain restrictions on their activities.
These restrictions include limiting the scope of Advanta National Bank's
activities to those in which it was engaged prior to March 5, 1987. Since
Advanta National Bank was not making commercial loans at that time, it must
continue to refrain from making commercial loans -- which would include any
loans to Advanta Corp. or any of its subsidiaries -- in order for Advanta Corp.
to maintain its grandfathered exemption under the

                                        70
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

Bank Holding Company Act. We have no present plans to register as a bank holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act.

     Our regulatory agreements with the OCC and the FDIC prohibit the payment of
cash dividends by Advanta National Bank or Advanta Bank Corp. without prior
regulatory approval. In connection with the Mortgage Transaction in the first
quarter of 2001, we sought and received regulatory approval for a return of
capital of $261 million from Advanta National Bank. Advanta National Bank paid
no dividends to Advanta Corp. during 2001, 2000 or 1999. In 2001, Advanta Bank
Corp. transferred certain assets as a dividend to Advanta Corp. The fair value
of the assets at time of the dividend was $91.4 million. There were no dividends
from Advanta Bank Corp. to Advanta Corp. during 2000 and 1999.

     Our insurance subsidiaries are also subject to certain capital and dividend
rules and regulations as prescribed by state jurisdictions in which they are
authorized to operate. At December 31, 2001, the insurance subsidiaries were in
compliance with these rules and regulations. For the year ended December 31,
2001, Advanta Corp. received a return of capital from insurance subsidiaries of
$57.5 million. Insurance subsidiaries paid dividends to Advanta Corp. of $6.1
million in 2001. Insurance subsidiaries paid dividends to Advanta Corp. of $1.2
million in 1999. There were no dividends paid to Advanta Corp. by insurance
subsidiaries in 2000.

     Total stockholders' equity of our banking and insurance affiliates was $220
million at December 31, 2001 and $572 million at December 31, 2000. Of our total
equity in these affiliates, $218 million was restricted at December 31, 2001 and
$566 million was restricted at December 31, 2000. At January 1, 2002, $2.2
million of stockholders' equity of our insurance affiliates was available for
payment of cash dividends in 2002 under applicable regulatory guidelines without
prior regulatory approval.

     In addition to dividend restrictions at banking subsidiaries, certain
non-bank subsidiaries are subject to minimum equity requirements as part of
securitization or other agreements. The total minimum equity requirement of
non-bank subsidiaries was $20 million at December 31, 2001. At December 31,
2001, the non-bank subsidiaries were in compliance with these minimum equity
requirements.

NOTE 18.  SEGMENT INFORMATION

Our reportable segments as of January 1, 2001 were Advanta Business Cards and
our venture capital segment. During the first quarter of 2001, we made changes
to the methods used to allocate centrally incurred interest and operating
expenses to the reportable segments. These changes were made to better reflect
the results of the continuing businesses due to the discontinuance of the
mortgage and leasing segments and the restructuring of our corporate functions
in the first quarter of 2001. Prior period segment results have been restated to
reflect the current allocation methods.

     Advanta Business Cards offers business credit cards to small businesses
using targeted direct mail, the Internet and telemarketing solicitation of
potential cardholders. This product provides approved customers with access,
through merchants, banks, checks and ATMs, to an instant unsecured revolving
business credit line. Advanta Business Cards generates interest and other income
through finance charges assessed on outstanding balances, interchange income,
and cash advance and other credit card fees.

     Our venture capital segment makes venture capital investments through our
affiliates. Our investment objective is to earn attractive returns by building
the long-term values of the businesses in which we invest. Our investment
affiliates combine transaction expertise, management skills and a broad contact
base with strong industry-specific knowledge. We actively monitor the
performance of our venture capital investments and employees and officers of our
investment affiliates participate on the boards of directors of some investees.

                                        71
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                           ADVANTA
                                                           BUSINESS    VENTURE
                                                            CARDS      CAPITAL     OTHER(1)      TOTAL
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
Interest income                                           $   76,841   $     37   $   40,973   $  117,851
Interest expense                                              33,504      1,545       47,421       82,470
Noninterest revenues (losses), net                           225,364    (28,852)      (7,552)     188,960
Unusual charges(2)                                                 0          0       41,750       41,750
Pretax income (loss) from continuing operations               63,515    (33,158)     (72,808)     (42,451)
Average managed receivables                                1,872,314          0       28,271    1,900,585
Total assets                                                 619,062     20,929      996,689    1,636,680
Capital expenditures                                           2,924          0        5,691        8,615
Depreciation                                                   2,227         10        7,191        9,428
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
Interest income                                           $   78,424   $     60   $   57,616   $  136,100
Interest expense                                              31,385      1,541       53,582       86,508
Noninterest revenues (losses), net                           155,500      7,847       (6,266)     157,081
Pretax income (loss) from continuing operations               45,325      3,382      (37,515)      11,192
Average managed receivables                                1,372,717          0       23,067    1,395,784
Total assets                                                 462,317     45,677    2,335,478    2,843,472
Capital expenditures                                           3,949         23        9,522       13,494
Depreciation                                                   1,385         17       10,069       11,471
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
Interest income                                           $   35,613   $    173   $   68,798   $  104,584
Interest expense                                              12,428      1,350       67,022       80,800
Noninterest revenues (losses), net                            84,252     29,505       (8,387)     105,370
Unusual charges(3)                                                 0          0       16,713       16,713
Pretax income (loss) from continuing operations               11,997     26,329      (52,777)     (14,451)
Average managed receivables                                  892,862          0       17,450      910,312
Total assets                                                 352,028     34,945    3,151,587    3,538,560
Capital expenditures                                           1,000          9        4,559        5,568
Depreciation                                                     923         35        6,836        7,794
=========================================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Other includes insurance operations and assets, investment and other
    activities not attributable to reportable segments. It also includes net
    assets of discontinued operations, and corporate overhead previously
    allocated to the mortgage and leasing business units while they were
    operating segments. Corporate overhead allocations were removed from the
    results of the discontinued segments as a result of the restatement for
    discontinued operations. Total assets in the "Other" segment include net
    assets of discontinued operations.
(2) Unusual charges in 2001 represent severance, outplacement and other
    compensation costs associated with restructuring our corporate functions
    commensurate with the ongoing businesses as well as expenses associated with
    exited businesses and asset impairments.
(3) Unusual charges in 1999 represent charges associated with cost reduction
    initiatives in the first quarter and additional costs associated with
    products exited in the first quarter of 1998.

                                        72
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

NOTE 19.  SELECTED INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION

<Table>
<Caption>
OTHER REVENUES                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001       2000       1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>        <C>
Investment securities gains (losses), net(1)                  $(26,227)   $ 5,473    $30,132
Business credit card rewards                                    (8,979)    (3,162)      (834)
Loss on sale of deposits                                        (2,835)         0          0
Insurance revenues, net and other(2)                             3,581      4,995      7,279
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total other revenues, net                                   $(34,460)   $ 7,306    $36,577
============================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Investment securities gains (losses), net include changes in the fair value
    and realized gains and losses on venture capital investments.

(2) Insurance revenues, net and other for the year ended December 31, 2001
    includes operating results of insurance operations, the impact of the
    termination of our strategic alliance with Progressive Casualty Insurance
    Company to direct market auto insurance and $10 million of charges related
    to the write-off of insurance-related deferred acquisition costs that were
    unrealizable subsequent to the termination of the auto insurance strategic
    alliance.

<Table>
<Caption>
OPERATING EXPENSES                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000       1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Salaries and employee benefits                                $ 59,823    $ 42,499    $35,300
Amortization of business credit card deferred origination
  costs, net                                                    39,118      23,961      5,863
External processing                                             17,272      13,236      8,507
Professional/consulting fees                                    15,320      18,451     12,159
Marketing                                                       10,574      11,492      2,397
Equipment                                                        8,768       8,101      4,717
Occupancy                                                        5,941       5,852      6,710
Credit                                                           5,419       4,772      3,926
Insurance                                                        4,607       4,628      2,622
Postage                                                          3,304       2,947      1,846
Fraud loss                                                       2,568       1,965        833
Telephone                                                        2,404       1,811      1,322
Other                                                            5,068      10,577      9,304
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total operating expenses                                    $180,186    $150,292    $95,506
=============================================================================================
</Table>

NOTE 20.  INCOME TAXES

Income tax (benefit) was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001      2000      1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>     <C>
Income tax expense (benefit) attributable to:
  Continuing operations                                       $(11,995)   $ 0     $(55,785)
  Discontinued operations                                       (3,812)     0        5,513
  Loss on discontinuance of mortgage and leasing businesses      7,392      0            0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total income tax (benefit)                          $ (8,415)   $ 0     $(50,272)
==========================================================================================
</Table>

                                        73
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Income tax (benefit) on income from continuing operations consisted of the
following components:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               2001        2000        1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>         <C>         <C>
Current:
  Federal                                                    $      0    $  6,636    $ 15,500
  State                                                           300       4,753      (4,083)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total current                                           300      11,389      11,417
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred:
  Federal                                                     (12,923)     (6,994)    (69,509)
  State                                                           628      (4,395)      2,307
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total deferred                                      (12,295)    (11,389)    (67,202)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total income tax (benefit)                         $(11,995)   $      0    $(55,785)
=============================================================================================
</Table>

     The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax to income tax
(benefit) on income from continuing operations is as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001       2000        1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>        <C>
Statutory federal income tax                                  $(14,858)   $ 3,917    $ (5,058)
State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit              604        232      (1,090)
Nondeductible expenses                                           1,112        152         152
Insurance program income                                           499        242          98
Compensation limitation                                            350        140         175
Net operating losses                                                 0     (4,755)    (49,973)
Other                                                              298         72         (89)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Income tax (benefit)                                $(11,995)   $     0    $(55,785)
=============================================================================================
</Table>

     Deferred taxes are provided to reflect the estimated future tax effects of
the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities and enacted tax laws. The net deferred tax asset is comprised of the
following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Deferred tax liabilities                                      $(72,902)   $(95,677)
Deferred tax assets                                            180,240     194,300
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Net deferred tax asset                              $107,338    $ 98,623
==================================================================================
</Table>

                                        74
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     A summary of deferred tax assets and liabilities follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                   DECEMBER 31,
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001         2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Deferred origination fees and costs                           $  (4,009)   $  (4,331)
Allowance for credit losses                                      16,940       21,280
Net operating loss carryforwards                                231,967      142,248
Securitization income                                           (23,482)      50,368
Deferred compensation                                             9,259        7,863
Noncash unusual charges                                           5,068        6,835
Other                                                            20,489       12,268
Valuation allowance                                            (148,894)    (137,908)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Net deferred tax asset                              $ 107,338    $  98,623
====================================================================================
</Table>

     As a result of unusual charges, valuation adjustments on venture capital
investments and the loss on the discontinuance of the leasing business in 2001,
we reported a pretax loss for the year ended December 31, 2001. A valuation
allowance has been provided against a portion of the resulting deferred tax
asset given our pre-existing net operating loss carryforwards and the
uncertainty of the realizability of the incremental deferred tax asset. In the
year ended December 31, 2000, we also reported a pretax loss and a valuation
allowance was provided against the resulting deferred tax asset, resulting in a
0% effective tax rate. In establishing the valuation allowance, management
considered (1) estimates of expected future taxable income, (2) existing and
projected book/tax differences, (3) tax planning strategies available, and (4)
the general and industry specific economic outlook. Based on this analysis,
management believes the net deferred tax asset will be realized. This analysis
is inherently subjective, as it requires estimates that are susceptible to
significant revision as more information becomes available.

     In 1999, in connection with the filing of the 1998 tax returns, additional
book/tax differences related to the disposition of our consumer credit card
business in 1998 were quantified. These book/tax differences, when combined with
certain less significant recurring differences, resulted in net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $521 million at December 31, 1999. This amount is
net of $96 million carried back to prior years, and includes $500 million that
pertains to losses incurred on the consumer credit card portfolio after the date
of the disposition of our consumer credit card business. A deferred tax asset of
$50 million, net of valuation allowance, resulting from the net operating loss
carryforwards was recorded as an income tax benefit in the fourth quarter of
1999.

     At December 31, 2001, remaining net operating loss carryforwards were $662
million, of which $407 million expire in 2018, $29 million expire in 2019, $15
million expire in 2020 and $211 million expire in 2021. We utilized net
operating loss carryforwards of $85 million in 2000. Additionally in 2000, $29
million was carried back to prior years.

     The net deferred tax asset is presented net with current income taxes
receivable (payable) for financial reporting purposes, and is included in other
assets.

NOTE 21.  UNUSUAL CHARGES

Subsequent to the Mortgage Transaction and discontinuance of our leasing
business in the first quarter of 2001, we implemented a plan to restructure our
corporate functions to a size commensurate with our ongoing businesses and
incurred certain other unusual charges related to employee costs. Also, in 1999,
we implemented a plan to exit the auto finance business and to implement cost
reduction initiatives throughout the organization including the consolidation of
support functions. Costs associated with these restructuring activities and
other employee costs are included in unusual charges in the consolidated income
statements.

                                        75
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

Accruals related to these costs are included in other liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets. The details of these costs are as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                           CHARGED TO   12/31/99   CHARGED TO   12/31/00             CHARGED TO   12/31/01
                                 ACCRUED    ACCRUAL     ACCRUAL     ACCRUAL     ACCRUAL    ACCRUED    ACCRUAL     ACCRUAL
                                 IN 1999    IN 1999     BALANCE     IN 2000     BALANCE    IN 2001    IN 2001     BALANCE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>
Employee costs                   $ 3,350    $ 2,528     $   822      $  822     $     0    $27,296    $24,768      $2,528
Expenses associated with exited
  businesses/products             13,363      7,481      20,648       7,601      13,047     11,895     24,313         629
Asset impairments                      0          0           0           0           0      2,559      2,559           0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total                   $16,713    $10,009     $21,470      $8,423     $13,047    $41,750    $51,640      $3,157
==========================================================================================================================
</Table>

EMPLOYEE COSTS

In the first quarter of 2001, we recorded a $4.1 million charge for severance
and outplacement costs associated with the restructuring of corporate functions.
There were 69 employees severed who were entitled to benefits. These employees
worked in corporate support functions including accounting and finance, human
resources, information technology, legal and facilities management. Employees
were notified in March 2001, and we expect to pay severance amounts over a
12-month period.

     Additionally, during 2001, we incurred $23.2 million of other employee
costs. This amount includes approximately $10 million attributable to bonuses to
certain key employees in recognition of their efforts on behalf of Advanta in
the strategic alternatives process. It also includes approximately $4.5 million
of bonuses in recognition of the restructuring of the company and other
significant transitional efforts. These bonuses will be paid over a 12-month
period. In the second quarter of 2001, we recorded a $1.0 million increase in
employee costs related to a revision in estimate associated with these bonuses.
In 2001, we accelerated vesting of 32% of outstanding options that were not
vested at the date of the closing of the Mortgage Transaction. This acceleration
resulted in a noncash charge of $1.3 million. In connection with reviewing our
compensation plans after the Mortgage Transaction and restructuring of corporate
functions, we implemented a program whereby all outstanding stock appreciation
rights and shares of phantom stock were terminated in exchange for cash to be
paid through a deferred compensation arrangement. We recorded charges of $2.9
million associated with this exchange. The charge reflects a $0.7 million
reduction recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2001, as actual cash
settlement costs were less than estimated. Due to the restructuring of the
company, we implemented programs whereby certain out-of-the-money options were
exchanged for shares of stock, and whereby certain shares of restricted stock
were exchanged for cash and stock options in a tender offer, subject to certain
performance conditions and vesting requirements. Noncash charges associated with
the issuance of the stock, stock options and the tender offer totaled $3.6
million. This charge reflects a $1.4 million increase recorded in the three
months ended September 30, 2001, as actual noncash charges associated with the
tender offer were more than estimated.

     In the first quarter of 1999, in connection with cost reduction initiatives
and the consolidation of support functions, we recorded a $3.3 million charge
for costs associated with staff reductions. These expenses included severance
and outplacement costs. There were 121 employees severed who were entitled to
benefits. This staff reduction was substantially complete by June 30, 1999. The
final payment outstanding related to these employee costs was paid in the three
months ended March 31, 2000.

EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH EXITED BUSINESSES/PRODUCTS

In the first quarter of 2001, we recorded charges of $2.2 million related to
other products exited for which no future revenues or benefits would be
received. In the third quarter of 2001, we were able to settle some of these
commitments for less than originally estimated, and reduced the charge by $0.7
million. We expect to pay the remaining costs, which include lease and other
commitments, in 2002.

                                        76
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     In the first quarter of 1999, we implemented a plan to cease the
origination of auto loans and recorded a $3.4 million charge for costs
associated with exited businesses/products. The charges included severance and
outplacement costs for 22 employees in the auto origination group, and
professional fees associated with exited businesses/products not directly
associated with our mortgage, business credit card and leasing units. We
completed the closing of the auto loan origination center and termination of
related employees during the second quarter of 1999. We completed payment of the
remaining professional fees during the first quarter of 2001.

     In 1998, in connection with the transfer of our consumer credit card
business to Fleet Credit Card LLC, we made major organizational changes to
reduce corporate expenses incurred in the past: (a) to support the business
contributed to Fleet Credit Card LLC in the transfer of our consumer credit card
business, and (b) associated with the business and products no longer being
offered or not directly associated with our mortgage, business credit card and
leasing units. As of December 31, 1998, the remaining accrual related to
expenses associated with exited businesses/products was $14.8 million. We had
contractual commitments to certain customers, and non-related financial
institutions that were providing benefits to those customers, under a product
that was no longer offered and for which no future revenues or benefits would be
received. In 1998, we recorded a charge of $22.8 million associated with these
commitments, and an $8.3 million charge associated with the write-off of assets
associated with this program that became unrealizable when the product was
exited. In 1999, an additional charge of $10.0 million was recorded based on a
change in the estimate of total expected costs for the contractual commitments
related to the exited product. Updated information regarding future benefits to
be provided in connection with these contractual commitments indicated a higher
level of benefits than originally estimated. A third party assumed the
liabilities associated with these commitments in the first quarter of 2001, and
we recorded an additional charge relating to the settlement of these commitments
of $10.3 million.

ASSET IMPAIRMENTS

In connection with our plan to restructure our corporate functions to a size
commensurate with our ongoing businesses during the first quarter of 2001, we
identified certain assets that would no longer be used, and the carrying costs
of these assets were written off resulting in a charge of $2.6 million. We
estimated the realizable value of these assets to be zero due to the nature of
the assets, which include leasehold improvements and capitalized software.

                                        77
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

NOTE 22.  CALCULATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following table shows the calculation of basic earnings per common share and
diluted earnings per common share for the years ended December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001        2000        1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>         <C>          <C>
Income (loss) from continuing operations                     $(30,456)   $  11,192    $41,334
  Less: Preferred A dividends                                    (141)        (141)      (141)
  Less: Preferred B dividends(2)                                    0            0     (2,661)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations available to
  common shareholders                                         (30,597)      11,051     38,532
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax         (8,438)    (163,578)     8,484
Loss, net, on discontinuance of mortgage and leasing
  businesses, net of tax                                      (31,639)      (4,298)         0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss) available to common shareholders            (70,674)    (156,825)    47,016
  Less: Class A dividends declared                             (2,294)      (2,236)    (2,471)
  Less: Class B dividends declared                             (5,224)      (5,118)    (4,896)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Undistributed net income (loss)                              $(78,192)   $(164,179)   $39,649
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic income (loss) from continuing operations per common
  share
  Class A                                                    $  (1.23)   $    0.39    $  1.59
  Class B                                                       (1.17)        0.47       1.66
  Combined(1)                                                   (1.19)        0.44       1.63
Diluted income (loss) from continuing operations per common
  share
  Class A                                                    $  (1.23)   $    0.39    $  1.58
  Class B                                                       (1.17)        0.46       1.65
  Combined(1)                                                   (1.19)        0.44       1.62
Basic net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                                    $  (2.79)   $   (6.28)   $  1.95
  Class B                                                       (2.73)       (6.21)      2.02
  Combined(1)                                                   (2.75)       (6.24)      1.99
Diluted net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                                    $  (2.79)   $   (6.23)   $  1.94
  Class B                                                       (2.73)       (6.16)      2.00
  Combined(1)                                                   (2.75)       (6.19)      1.98
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic shares
  Class A                                                       9,101        9,110      9,057
  Class B                                                      16,581       16,033     14,515
  Combined                                                     25,682       25,143     23,572
Options A                                                           0            0          1
Options B                                                           0           95        107
Restricted shares Class A                                           0           39         20
Restricted shares Class B                                           0           74         58
Diluted shares
  Class A                                                       9,101        9,149      9,078
  Class B                                                      16,581       16,202     14,680
  Combined                                                     25,682       25,351     23,758
Antidilutive shares
  Preferred Class B(2)                                              0            0         14
  Options Class B                                               2,629        2,097      1,550
  Restricted shares Class A                                        25           46         47
  Restricted shares Class B                                       516        1,059      1,222
=============================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Combined represents a weighted average of Class A and Class B earnings per
    common share.

(2) Each share of Class B convertible preferred stock was mandatorily converted
    into one share of Class B Common Stock effective September 15, 1999.

                                        78
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

NOTE 23.  PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ADVANTA CORP. (PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                   DECEMBER 31,
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2001         2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
ASSETS
Cash                                                          $ 80,160    $  135,374
Commercial paper equivalent (1)                                      0        24,629
Investments                                                     80,042        19,491
Investments in and advances to bank and insurance
  subsidiaries                                                 239,440       584,901
Investments in and advances to other subsidiaries              353,460       425,030
Premises and equipment                                           1,153        11,963
Other assets                                                   135,708       129,457
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total assets                                        $889,963    $1,330,845
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES
Other borrowings                                              $ 32,317    $        0
Accrued expenses and other liabilities                          64,673        35,070
Debt                                                           426,674       854,873
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total liabilities                                    523,664       889,943
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock                                                  1,010         1,010
Common stock                                                       279           276
Other stockholders' equity                                     365,010       439,616
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total stockholders' equity                           366,299       440,902
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total liabilities and stockholders' equity          $889,963    $1,330,845
====================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Commercial paper equivalent refers to unsecured loans made to Advanta
    National Bank and Advanta Bank Corp. for terms less than 35 days in maturity
    which are not automatically renewable, consistent with commercial paper
    issuance.

     The parent company guarantees certain lease agreements of its subsidiaries.
At December 31, 2001, there were $4.4 million of lease obligations guaranteed by
the parent.

                                        79
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

ADVANTA CORP. (PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              2001        2000         1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>         <C>          <C>
INCOME:
  Dividends from bank and insurance subsidiaries(1)         $ 97,534    $       0    $  1,215
  Dividends from other subsidiaries                              278          278       1,010
  Interest                                                    22,470       40,481      44,369
  Other, net                                                  22,476       37,912      52,510
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total income                                       142,758       78,671      99,104
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXPENSES:
  General and administrative                                  64,676       73,099      45,638
  Interest                                                    54,810       69,482      67,102
  Unusual charges                                             30,142            0       4,561
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total expenses                                     149,628      142,581     117,301
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss from continuing operations before income taxes and
  equity in undistributed net profit (loss) of
  subsidiaries                                                (6,870)     (63,910)    (18,197)
Income tax (benefit)                                         (15,017)     (30,317)    (22,327)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before equity in
  undistributed net profit (loss) of subsidiaries              8,147      (33,593)      4,130
Loss on discontinuance of mortgage business, net of tax       (5,962)           0           0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before equity in undistributed net profit
  (loss) of subsidiaries                                       2,185      (33,593)      4,130
Equity in undistributed net profit (loss) of subsidiaries    (72,718)    (123,091)     45,688
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                                           $(70,533)   $(156,684)   $ 49,818
=============================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Dividends from bank and insurance subsidiaries in the year ended December
    31, 2001 include a noncash dividend from Advanta Bank Corp. of $91.4
    million.

     The Parent Company Only Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity are
the same as the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's Equity.

                                        80
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

ADVANTA CORP. (PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            2001         2000         1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>          <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income (loss)                                         $ (70,533)   $(156,684)   $  49,818
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
  used in operating activities:
  Equity in net loss (profit) of subsidiaries               (25,094)     122,813      (47,913)
  Dividends received from subsidiaries                        6,378          278        2,225
  Depreciation                                                2,241        2,523        2,066
  Change in other assets, interest-bearing deposits,
     accrued expenses and other liabilities                     970      (39,225)     (32,696)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in operating activities                       (86,038)     (70,295)     (26,500)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Net change in premises and equipment                        6,010       (6,941)      (2,199)
  Net change in commercial paper equivalents                 24,629      350,371       65,900
  Investments in subsidiaries                                (3,991)    (119,226)     (23,540)
  Return of investment from subsidiaries                    267,648       22,453       39,731
  Purchase of investments available for sale               (744,610)    (156,661)    (851,132)
  Proceeds from sales of investments available for sale     262,301           72        2,702
  Proceeds from maturing investments available for sale     503,369      152,482      850,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by investing activities                   315,356      242,550       81,462
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from issuance of debt                            182,973      256,091      123,529
  Payments on redemption of debt                           (611,172)    (285,472)    (365,177)
  (Increase) decrease in affiliate borrowings               123,034       (4,452)     187,806
  Increase in other borrowings                               32,317            0            0
  Issuance of stock                                           3,480          155           20
  Stock buyback                                              (7,505)           0       (3,955)
  Cash dividends paid                                        (7,659)      (7,495)     (10,169)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in financing activities                      (284,532)     (41,173)     (67,946)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash                             (55,214)     131,082      (12,984)
Cash at beginning of period                                 135,374        4,292       17,276
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of period                                     $  80,160    $ 135,374    $   4,292
=============================================================================================
</Table>

     In 2001, noncash transactions of the Parent Company included noncash
dividends of $91.4 million from subsidiaries, noncash investment in subsidiaries
of $22.3 million, noncash return of investments from subsidiaries of $50.9
million and noncash affiliate borrowings of $69.1 million. There were no
significant noncash transactions of the Parent Company in 2000. In 1999, noncash
transactions of the Parent Company included a $4.5 million assumption of
liabilities of subsidiaries and a $43.3 million return of investment by
subsidiaries through forgiveness of advances.

                                        81
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

NOTE 24.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The estimated fair values of our financial instruments are as follows at
December 31:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                       2001                      2000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               CARRYING      FAIR       CARRYING        FAIR
                                                AMOUNT      VALUE        AMOUNT        VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>
Financial assets:
  Cash                                         $ 20,952    $ 20,952    $    1,716    $    1,716
  Federal funds sold                            229,889     229,889       107,584       107,584
  Restricted interest-bearing deposits          113,956     113,956        16,398        16,398
  Investments available for sale                246,679     246,679       758,792       758,792
  Receivables, net                              423,407     451,966       340,291       366,595
  Retained interests in securitizations          88,658      88,658        72,908        72,908
  Amounts due from securitizations               80,325      80,325        61,610        61,610
Financial liabilities:
  Demand and savings deposits                  $ 10,010    $ 10,010    $   68,568    $   68,568
  Time deposits                                 626,905     633,506     1,278,408     1,288,742
  Debt                                          323,582     332,522       755,184       752,112
  Other borrowings                               32,317      32,317         4,289         4,289
Off-balance sheet financial instruments:
  Interest rate swaps                          $      0    $      0    $        0    $      379
  Commitments to extend credit                        0           0             0             0
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

     The fair value of a financial instrument is the current amount that would
be exchanged between willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation. Fair
value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many
instances, there are no quoted market prices for our various financial
instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values
are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those
techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the
discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value
estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair
Value of Financial Instruments," excludes certain financial instruments and all
nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements.

     We used the following methods and assumptions in estimating fair value
disclosures for financial instruments:

CASH, FEDERAL FUNDS SOLD AND RESTRICTED INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS

For these short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate
of the fair value.

INVESTMENTS AVAILABLE FOR SALE

Investments available for sale are carried at fair value. The fair values of
investments available for sale are based on quoted market prices, dealer quotes
or estimates using quoted market prices for similar securities. For investments
that are not publicly traded, management has made estimates of fair value that
consider several factors including the investees' financial results, conditions
and prospects, and the values of comparable public companies.

                                        82
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

RECEIVABLES, NET

The fair values of receivables are estimated using a discounted cash flow
analysis that incorporates estimates of the excess of the weighted average
finance charge and fee yield over the aggregate cost of funds, servicing costs
and an estimate of future credit losses over the life of the receivables.

RETAINED INTERESTS IN SECURITIZATIONS

Retained interests in securitizations are carried at fair value. The fair values
of retained interests in securitizations are estimated based on discounted cash
flow analyses as described in Note 1. See Note 6 for the assumptions used in the
estimation of fair values of the retained interests in securitizations.

AMOUNTS DUE FROM SECURITIZATIONS

The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of the fair value of amounts due
from securitizations based on the short-term nature of the assets.

DEMAND AND SAVINGS DEPOSITS

The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and money market deposits
is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. This fair value does not
include any benefit that may result from the low cost of funding provided by
these deposits compared to the cost of borrowing funds in the market.

TIME DEPOSITS

The fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using
discounted cash flow analyses based on the rates currently offered for deposits
of similar remaining maturities.

DEBT

The fair value of our long-term borrowings is estimated using discounted cash
flow analyses based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types
of borrowing arrangements.

OTHER BORROWINGS

The carrying amounts of borrowings under repurchase agreements and other
short-term borrowings maturing within ninety days approximate their fair values.
The other borrowings are all at variable interest rates and therefore the
carrying value approximates a reasonable estimate of the fair value.

INTEREST RATE SWAPS

The fair value of interest rate swaps is the estimated amount that we would pay
or receive to terminate the agreement at the reporting date, taking into account
current interest rates and the current creditworthiness of the counterparty.
There were no interest rate swaps outstanding related to continuing operations
at December 31, 2001.

COMMITMENTS TO EXTEND CREDIT

There is no market value associated with our unused commitments to extend credit
to our business credit card customers, since any fees charged are consistent
with the fees charged by other companies at the reporting date to enter into
similar agreements. Unused commitments to extend credit were $4.6 billion at
December 31, 2001 and $4.2 billion at December 31, 2000.

                                        83
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

NOTE 25.  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

We have used interest rate swaps to manage the impact of fluctuating interest
rates on our cost of funds. Interest rate swap agreements generally involve the
exchange of fixed and floating rate interest payments without the exchange of
the underlying notional amount on which the interest payments are calculated.
During 2001, 2000 and 1999, we used interest rate swaps to effectively convert
fixed rate medium-term notes to a LIBOR-based variable rate. There were no
interest rate swaps outstanding related to continuing operations at December 31,
2001 because of the substantial reduction in outstanding medium-term notes
during the year. The notional amount of interest rate swaps outstanding related
to continuing operations was $194.5 million at December 31, 2000, and the
estimated fair value was $379 thousand. See Note 2 for a discussion of
derivatives used in discontinued operations.

     The notional amounts of derivatives do not represent amounts exchanged by
the counterparties and, thus, are not a measure of our exposure through our use
of derivatives. The amounts exchanged are determined by reference to the
notional amounts and the other terms of the derivative contracts. The fair value
of interest rate swaps is the estimated amount that we would pay or receive to
terminate the agreement at the reporting date, taking into account current
interest rates and the current creditworthiness of the counterparty. Our credit
exposure is represented by swaps with a positive fair value without giving
consideration to the value of any collateral exchanged.

     The following table summarizes by notional amounts our interest rate swap
activity in continuing operations for the periods presented:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                TOTAL
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>
Balance at 12/31/98                                           $ 575,500
  Additions                                                     200,000
  Maturities                                                   (141,000)
  Terminations                                                  (15,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at 12/31/99                                           $ 619,500
  Maturities                                                   (425,000)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at 12/31/00                                           $ 194,500
  Maturities                                                   (102,000)
  Terminations                                                  (92,500)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at 12/31/01                                           $       0
=======================================================================
</Table>

     There were no net gains (losses) from hedge ineffectiveness or from
excluding a portion of a derivative instrument's gain or loss from the
assessment of hedge effectiveness included in other income for the year ended
December 31, 2001. There was also no gain or loss recognized in earnings as a
result of a hedged firm commitment no longer qualifying as a fair value hedge.

                                        84
<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Stockholders of Advanta Corp.:

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanta
Corp. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and
2000, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2001. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Advanta
Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States.

                                                         /s/ ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
Philadelphia, PA
March 15, 2002

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING

To the Stockholders of Advanta Corp.:

     The management of Advanta Corp. and its subsidiaries ("Advanta") is
responsible for the preparation, content, integrity and objectivity of the
consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States and as such must, by necessity, include amounts based upon
estimates and judgments made by management. The other financial information was
also prepared by management and is consistent with the financial statements.

     Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining an
effective internal control structure over financial reporting. These systems and
controls are designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that
assets are safeguarded, that transactions are properly recorded and executed in
accordance with management's authorization and that financial statements are
reliable. Advanta's control structure includes: (l) organizational and budgetary
arrangements which provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities
would be detected promptly; (2) careful selection of personnel and
communications programs aimed at assuring that policies and standards are
understood by employees; (3) continuing management review and evaluation of
systems and controls; and (4) a program of independent internal audit and risk
management reviews to ensure compliance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been audited by Arthur Andersen
LLP, independent public accountants. Their audits were conducted in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States and considered
Advanta's system of internal controls to the extent they deemed necessary to
determine the nature, timing and extent of their audit tests. Their report is
printed herewith.

<Table>
<S>                             <C>                            <C>
      /s/ DENNIS ALTER              /s/ PHILIP M. BROWNE          /s/ DAVID B. WEINSTOCK
- -----------------------------   -----------------------------  -----------------------------
  Chairman of the Board and       Senior Vice President and         Vice President and
   Chief Executive Officer         Chief Financial Officer       Chief Accounting Officer
</Table>

                                        85
<PAGE>

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES (UNAUDITED)

QUARTERLY DATA

<Table>
<Caption>
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)                                2001
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               DECEMBER 31,    SEPTEMBER 30,    JUNE 30,    MARCH 31,
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>             <C>              <C>         <C>
Interest income                                  $24,623         $ 26,388       $32,836     $ 34,004
Interest expense                                  15,156           16,919        26,119       24,276
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income                                9,467            9,469         6,717        9,728
Provision for credit losses                       10,124            9,528         8,384        7,940
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest after provision for credit
  losses                                            (657)             (59)       (1,667)       1,788
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Noninterest revenues                              63,840           49,291        45,830       29,999
Operating expenses                                48,275           44,742        44,116       43,053
Minority interest in income of consolidated
  subsidiary                                       2,220            2,220         2,220        2,220
Unusual charges                                        0                0         1,000       40,750
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total expenses                                  50,495           46,962        47,336       86,023
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before income taxes                 12,688            2,270        (3,173)     (54,236)
Income (loss) from continuing operations           7,803            2,270        (3,173)     (37,356)
Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax          0                0             0       (8,438)
Gain (loss), net, on discontinuance of
  mortgage and leasing businesses, net of tax          0          (44,000)       (4,000)      16,361
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                $ 7,803         $(41,730)      $(7,173)    $(29,433)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic income (loss) from continuing
  operations per common share
  Class A                                        $  0.29         $   0.08       $ (0.13)    $  (1.49)
  Class B                                           0.31             0.09         (0.12)       (1.48)
  Combined(1)                                       0.30             0.09         (0.12)       (1.48)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted income (loss) from continuing
  operations per common share
  Class A                                        $  0.29         $   0.08       $ (0.13)    $  (1.49)
  Class B                                           0.31             0.09         (0.12)       (1.48)
  Combined(1)                                       0.30             0.09         (0.12)       (1.48)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                        $  0.29         $  (1.62)      $ (0.29)    $  (1.18)
  Class B                                           0.31            (1.60)        (0.27)       (1.16)
  Combined(1)                                       0.30            (1.61)        (0.28)       (1.17)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                        $  0.29         $  (1.60)      $ (0.29)    $  (1.18)
  Class B                                           0.31            (1.59)        (0.27)       (1.16)
  Combined(1)                                       0.30            (1.59)        (0.28)       (1.17)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic weighted average common shares
  outstanding
  Class A                                          9,125            9,116         9,098        9,103
  Class B                                         16,552           16,820        16,744       16,200
  Combined(1)                                     25,677           25,936        25,842       25,303
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted weighted average common shares
  outstanding
  Class A                                          9,128            9,120         9,098        9,103
  Class B                                         16,716           17,121        16,744       16,200
  Combined(1)                                     25,844           26,241        25,842       25,303
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

(1) Combined represents a weighted average of Class A and Class B (see Note 1 to
    the consolidated financial statements).

                                        86
<PAGE>
SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES (UNAUDITED) -- CONTINUED

QUARTERLY DATA -- CONTINUED
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                        2000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                DECEMBER 31,   SEPTEMBER 30,   JUNE 30,    MARCH 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>            <C>             <C>         <C>
Interest income                                   $ 32,187        $39,449      $  34,081    $30,383
Interest expense                                    20,313         24,457         21,559     20,179
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest income                                 11,874         14,992         12,522     10,204
Provision for credit losses                          6,833         16,806          5,050      7,620
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net interest after provision for credit losses       5,041         (1,814)         7,472      2,584
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Noninterest revenues                                36,116         39,216         40,588     41,161
Operating expenses                                  51,473         34,493         31,401     32,925
Minority interest in income of consolidated
  subsidiary                                         2,220          2,220          2,220      2,220
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total expenses                                    53,693         36,713         33,621     35,145
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before income taxes                  (12,536)           689         14,439      8,600
Income (loss) from continuing operations           (12,536)           689         17,749      5,290
Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
  net of tax                                        20,032         15,055       (210,444)    11,779
Loss on discontinuance of leasing business,
  net of tax                                        (4,298)             0              0          0
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                 $  3,198        $15,744      $(192,695)   $17,069
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic income (loss) from continuing operations
  per common share
  Class A                                         $  (0.51)       $  0.02      $    0.69    $  0.19
  Class B                                            (0.49)          0.03           0.71       0.22
  Combined(1)                                        (0.50)          0.03           0.70       0.21
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted income (loss) from continuing
  operations per common share
  Class A                                         $  (0.51)       $  0.02      $    0.69    $  0.19
  Class B                                            (0.49)          0.03           0.70       0.21
  Combined(1)                                        (0.50)          0.03           0.70       0.20
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                         $   0.12        $  0.61      $   (7.65)   $  0.67
  Class B                                             0.13           0.63          (7.63)      0.69
  Combined(1)                                         0.13           0.62          (7.64)      0.68
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted net income (loss) per common share
  Class A                                         $   0.12        $  0.61      $   (7.60)   $  0.65
  Class B                                             0.13           0.63          (7.58)      0.67
  Combined(1)                                         0.13           0.62          (7.59)      0.67
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic weighted average common shares
  outstanding
  Class A                                            9,143          9,109          9,097      9,088
  Class B                                           16,150         16,150         16,135     15,697
  Combined(1)                                       25,293         25,259         25,232     24,785
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted weighted average common shares
  outstanding
  Class A                                            9,143          9,158          9,151      9,143
  Class B                                           16,150         16,168         16,253     16,241
  Combined(1)                                       25,293         25,326         25,404     25,384
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</Table>

(1) Combined represents a weighted average of Class A and Class B (see Note 1 to
    the consolidated financial statements).

                                        87
<PAGE>
SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES (UNAUDITED) -- CONTINUED

                   ALLOCATION OF ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

<Table>
<Caption>
($ IN THOUSANDS)                                                         DECEMBER 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        2001             2000             1999             1998                1997
                                    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------------
                                    AMOUNT     %     AMOUNT     %     AMOUNT     %     AMOUNT     %      AMOUNT       %
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>       <C>    <C>       <C>    <C>       <C>    <C>       <C>    <C>        <C>
Business credit cards               $41,169    98%   $33,165    99%   $14,663    99%   $ 6,916    65%   $  6,899       5%
Consumer credit cards                     0     0          0     0          0     0          0     0     118,420      92
Other receivables                       802     2        202     1        202     1      3,734    35       3,734       3
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total                       $41,971   100%   $33,367   100%   $14,865   100%   $10,650   100%   $129,053     100%
===========================================================================================================================
</Table>

                        COMPOSITION OF GROSS RECEIVABLES

<Table>
<Caption>
($ IN THOUSANDS)                                                       DECEMBER 31,
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    2001              2000              1999              1998                 1997
                               --------------    --------------    --------------    --------------    ---------------------
                                AMOUNT     %      AMOUNT     %      AMOUNT     %      AMOUNT     %       AMOUNT        %
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>          <C>
Business credit cards          $416,265    94%   $335,087    93%   $275,095    90%   $150,022    89%   $  140,399       5%
Consumer credit cards                 0     0           0     0           0     0           0     0     2,579,890      94
Other receivables                28,189     6      24,203     7      30,302    10      17,862    11        40,978       1
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total                  $444,454   100%   $359,290   100%   $305,397   100%   $167,884   100%   $2,761,267     100%
============================================================================================================================
</Table>

             YIELD AND MATURITY OF INVESTMENTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2001

<Table>
<Caption>
($ IN THOUSANDS)                                                       MATURING
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        AFTER ONE BUT            AFTER FIVE BUT
                             WITHIN ONE YEAR          WITHIN FIVE YEARS         WITHIN TEN YEARS           AFTER TEN YEARS
                         -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                         MARKET VALUE   YIELD(3)   MARKET VALUE   YIELD(3)   MARKET VALUE   YIELD(3)   MARKET VALUE   YIELD(3)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>
U.S. Treasury and other
  U.S. Government
  securities               $34,227        4.09%      $19,829        5.87%      $32,146        6.19%      $     0        0.00%
State and municipal
  securities(1)                116        3.31           677        3.91         2,335        5.82           877        5.37
Other(2)                         0        0.00             0        0.00         5,527        6.19        26,026        6.33
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total investments
  available for sale       $34,343        4.09%      $20,506        5.81%      $40,008        6.17%      $26,903        6.30%
==============================================================================================================================
</Table>

(1) Yield computed on a taxable equivalent basis using a statutory rate of 35%.

(2) Equity investments and other securities without a stated maturity are
    excluded from this table.

(3) Yields are computed by dividing interest by the amortized cost of the
    respective investment securities.

                                        88
<PAGE>
SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES (UNAUDITED) -- CONTINUED

                 MATURITY OF TIME DEPOSITS OF $100,000 OR MORE

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              DECEMBER 31,
($ IN THOUSANDS)                                                  2001
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>
Maturity:

  3 months or less                                              $ 71,368
  Over 3 months through 6 months                                  37,725
  Over 6 months through 12 months                                 56,238
  Over 12 months                                                 145,686
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total                                                 $311,017
==========================================================================
</Table>

                    COMMON STOCK PRICE RANGES AND DIVIDENDS

Advanta's common stock is traded on the National Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbols ADVNA (Class A voting common stock) and ADVNB (Class B
non-voting common stock). Following are the high, low and closing sale prices
and cash dividends declared for the last two years as they apply to each class
of stock:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                                         CASH
                                                                                       DIVIDENDS
QUARTER ENDED:                                            HIGH      LOW      CLOSE     DECLARED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Class A:
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  March 31, 2000                                         $21.88    $16.88    $20.31     $0.063
  June 30, 2000                                           21.00     10.88     12.19      0.063
  September 30, 2000                                      13.56     10.69     11.25      0.063
  December 31, 2000                                       11.88      5.75      8.81      0.063

  March 31, 2001                                         $16.00    $ 8.75    $15.81     $0.063
  June 30, 2001                                           16.00     12.86     16.00      0.063
  September 30, 2001                                      19.10      8.00      9.40      0.063
  December 31, 2001                                       11.72      8.00      9.94      0.063
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class B:
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  March 31, 2000                                         $15.50    $11.50    $14.48     $0.076
  June 30, 2000                                           15.13      7.75      8.50      0.076
  September 30, 2000                                      10.19      7.50      8.14      0.076
  December 31, 2000                                        8.38      4.13      7.19      0.076

  March 31, 2001                                         $14.00    $ 7.16    $13.69     $0.076
  June 30, 2001                                           14.00     11.90     13.97      0.076
  September 30, 2001                                      17.10      8.10      8.95      0.076
  December 31, 2001                                       10.79      6.85      9.10      0.076
================================================================================================
</Table>

     At December 31, 2001, Advanta had approximately 262 holders of record of
Class A stock and 677 holders of record of Class B stock.

                                        89
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.  CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The text of the Proxy Statement under the captions "Election of Directors" and
"Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" are hereby
incorporated by reference, as is the text in Part I of this Report under the
caption, "Executive Officers of the Registrant."

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The text of the Proxy Statement under the captions "Executive Compensation,"
"Report on Executive Compensation" and "Election of Directors -- Committees,
Meetings and Compensation of the Board of Directors, -- Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation and -- Other Matters" are hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

The text of the Proxy Statement under the captions "Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners" and "Security Ownership of Management" are hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The text of the Proxy Statement under the captions "Election of Directors
- -- Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and -- Other
Matters" are hereby incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

The following Financial Statements, Schedules, and Other Information of the
Registrant and its subsidiaries are included in this Form 10-K:

<Table>
    <S>          <C>
    (a)(1)       Financial Statements.
    1.           Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2001 and 2000.
    2.           Consolidated Income Statements for each of the three years
                 in the period ended December 31, 2001.
    3.           Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
                 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
                 2001.
    4.           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three
                 years in the period ended December 31, 2001.
    5.           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
    (a)(2)       Schedules.
                 Other statements and schedules are not being presented
                 either because they are not required or the information
                 required by such statements and schedules is presented
                 elsewhere in the financial statements.
    (a)(3)       Exhibits
    2-a          Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated January 8, 2001, by and
                 between Advanta Corp. and Chase Manhattan Mortgage
                 Corporation (incorporated by reference to Annex I to the
                 Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed January 25,
                 2001).
    2-b          Mortgage Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February
                 23, 2001, by and among Advanta Corp., Chase Manhattan
                 Mortgage Corporation, and Chase Manhattan Bank USA, National
                 Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the
                 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14,
                 2000).
</Table>

                                        90
<PAGE>
<Table>
    <S>          <C>
    2-c          Mortgage Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February
                 28, 2001, by and among Advanta Corp., Chase Manhattan
                 Mortgage Corporation, and Chase Manhattan Bank USA, National
                 Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the
                 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14,
                 2000).
    3-a          Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pre-Effective
                 Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement
                 on Form S-3 (File No. 33-53475), filed June 10, 1994), as
                 amended by the Certificate of Designations, Preferences,
                 Rights and Limitations of the Registrant's 6 3/4%
                 Convertible Class B Preferred Stock, Series 1995 (Stock
                 Appreciation Income Linked Securities (SAILS))(incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Current
                 Report on Form 8-K dated August 15, 1995), as further
                 amended by the Certificate of Designations, Preferences,
                 Rights and Limitations of the Registrant's Series A Junior
                 Participating Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form
                 8-A, dated March 17, 1997).
    3-b          By-laws of the Registrant, as amended (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 3.1 the Registrant's Current Report on
                 Form 8-K dated March 17, 1997).
    3-c          Rights Agreement, dated as of March 14, 1997, by and between
                 the Registrant and the Rights Agent, which includes as
                 Exhibit B thereto the Form of Rights Certificate
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's
                 Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated March 17, 1997).
    4-a*         Trust Indenture dated April 22, 1981 between Registrant and
                 Mellon Bank, N.A., (formerly, CoreStates Bank, N.A.), as
                 Trustee, including Form of Debenture.
    4-b          Specimen of Class A Common Stock Certificate and specimen of
                 Class B Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 1 of the Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to Form 8
                 and Exhibit 1 to Registrant's Form 8-A, respectively, both
                 dated April 22, 1992).
    4-c          Trust Indenture dated as of November 15, 1993 between the
                 Registrant and The Chase Manhattan Bank (National
                 Association), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form
                 S-3 (No. 33-50883), filed November 2, 1993).
    4-d          Senior Trust Indenture, dated as of October 23, 1995,
                 between the Registrant and Mellon Bank, N.A., as Trustee
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
                 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
                 33-62601), filed September 13, 1995).
    4-e          Indenture dated as of December 17, 1996 between Advanta
                 Corp. and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as trustee relating to
                 the Junior Subordinated Debentures (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4-g to the Registrant's Annual Report
                 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996).
    4-f          Declaration of Trust dated as of December 5, 1996 of Advanta
                 Capital Trust I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4-h to
                 the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1996).
    4-g          Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of
                 December 17, 1996 for Advanta Capital Trust I (incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 4-i to the Registrant's Annual
                 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996).
    4-h          Series A Capital Securities Guarantee Agreement dated as of
                 December 17, 1996. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4-j
                 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1996).
    10-a         Advanta Corp. 2000 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to 4(f) to Post-Effective
                 Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement
                 on Form S-8 (File No. 333-04469).+
</Table>

                                        91
<PAGE>
<Table>
    <S>          <C>
    10-b         Card Member License Agreement between Colonial National
                 Financial Corp. (now known as Advanta Bank Corp.) and
                 MasterCard International Incorporated dated April 19, 1994
                 (filed herewith).
    10-c         VISA U.S.A. Inc. Membership Agreement and Principal Member
                 Addendum executed by Advanta Corp. on February 27, 1997
                 (filed herewith).
    10-d         VISA U.S.A. Inc. Membership Agreement executed by Advanta
                 Bank Corp. on March 31, 2000 (filed herewith).
    10-e*        Application for membership in VISA(R) U.S.A. Inc. and
                 Membership Agreement executed by Colonial National Bank USA
                 on March 25, 1983.
    10-f*        Application for membership in MasterCard(R) International,
                 Inc. and Card Member License Agreement executed by Colonial
                 National Bank USA on March 25, 1983.
    10-g*        Indenture of Trust dated May 11, 1984 between Linda Alter,
                 as settlor, and Dennis Alter, as trustee.
    10-g(i)      Agreement dated October 20, 1992 among Dennis Alter, as
                 Trustee of the trust established by the Indenture of Trust
                 filed as Exhibit 10-g (the "Indenture"), Dennis Alter in his
                 individual capacity, Linda Alter, and Michael Stolper, which
                 Agreement modifies the Indenture (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 10-g(i) to the Registrant's Registration
                 Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-58660), filed February
                 23, 1993).
    10-h         Advanta Corp. Executive Deferral Plan (incorporated by
                 reference to the Exhibit 10-j to the Registrant's Annual
                 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995).+
    10-i         Advanta Corp. Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-K to the
                 Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 1995).+
    10-j         Life Insurance Benefit for Certain Key Executives and
                 Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-g to the
                 Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 2000).+
    10-k         Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
                 Advanta Partners LP, dated as of October 1, 1996
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-o to the
                 Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 1996).
    10-l         Agreement of Limited Partnership of Advanta Growth Capital
                 Fund L.P., dated as of July 28, 2000 (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10-i to the Registrant's Annual Report
                 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000).
    10-m         Agreement dated as of January 15, 1996 between the
                 Registrant and William A. Rosoff (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 10-u to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995).+
    10-n         Agreement dated May 11, 1998 between the Registrant and
                 Philip M. Browne (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-r
                 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1998).+
    10-o         Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 28, 1997, by and
                 between Advanta Corp. and Fleet Financial Group
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (c)(2) to the
                 Registrant's Schedule 13E-4, dated January 20, 1998), as
                 amended by the First Amendment to the Contribution
                 Agreement, dated as of February 10, 1998, by and among
                 Advanta Corp., Fleet Financial Group and Fleet Credit Card,
                 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the
                 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 6,
                 1998).
    10-p         Commercial Lease, dated September 28, 1995, by and between
                 Draper Park North, L.C. and Advanta Financial Corp., as
                 amended January 31, 1996 and May 20, 1996 (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10-v to the Registrant's Annual Report
                 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999).
</Table>

                                        92
<PAGE>

<Table>
<S>           <C>
10-q          Master Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2000, between Wilmington Trust Company, as Owner Trustee
              of the Advanta Business Card Master Trust and Bankers Trust Company, as Indenture Trustee
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 20,
              2000 by Advanta Business Receivables Corp.).
10-r          Series 2000-B Indenture Supplement, dated August 1, 2000, between Advanta Business Card Master
              Trust and Bankers Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report
              on Form 8-K, filed August 20, 2000 by Advanta Business Receivables Corp.).
10-s          Transfer and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2000, among Advanta Business Receivables
              Corp., Advanta Bank Corp., as Servicer, and Advanta Business Card Master Trust (incorporated by
              reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 20, 2000 by Advanta
              Business Receivables Corp.).
10-t          Series 2000-C Indenture Supplement, dated as of November 1, 2000, between Advanta Business Card
              Master Trust and Bankers Trust Company, as indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to
              Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 21, 2000 by Advanta Business
              Receivables Corp.).
10-u          Service Agreement between First Data Resources Inc. and Advanta Bank Corp., dated as of January
              1, 2002 (filed herewith).
12            Computation of Ratio Earnings to Fixed Charges (filed herewith).
21            Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith).
23            Consent of Independent Public Accountants (filed herewith).
24            Powers of Attorney (included on the signature page hereof).
99            Letter to the Commission pursuant to Temporary Note 3T to Article 3 of Regulation S-X (filed
              herewith).
</Table>

- ---------------
* Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit with corresponding number
  constituting part of the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-2 (No.
  33-00071), filed on September 4, 1985.

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K

     1.  A Report on Form 8-K was filed by the Company on October 24, 2001
announcing results for the third quarter and the addition of two new members to
the Company's management team.

     2.  A Report on Form 8-K was filed by the Company on December 4, 2001,
announcing earnings guidance for the fiscal year 2002.

                                        93
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                          Advanta Corp.

                                          By:   /s/ WILLIAM A. ROSOFF
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             William A. Rosoff, President and
                                             Vice Chairman of the Board

Dated: March 15, 2002

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned does hereby
constitute and appoint Dennis Alter, William A. Rosoff, Philip M. Browne, David
B. Weinstock and Elizabeth H. Mai, or any of them (with full power to each of
them to act alone), his or her true and lawful attorney in-fact and agent, with
full power of substitution, for him or her and on his or her behalf to sign,
execute and file an Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 relating to
Advanta Corp. and any or all amendments thereto, with all exhibits and any and
all documents required to be filed with respect thereto, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission or any regulatory authority, granting unto such
attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
and about the premises in order to effectuate the same as fully to all intents
and purposes as he or she might or could do if personally present, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of
them, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done.

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities indicated on the 15th day of March, 2002.

<Table>
<Caption>
                   NAME                                TITLE
                   ----                                -----
<C>                                         <S>
             /s/ DENNIS ALTER               Chairman of the Board and
- ------------------------------------------  Chief Executive Officer
               Dennis Alter

          /s/ WILLIAM A. ROSOFF             President and Vice Chairman
- ------------------------------------------  of the Board
            William A. Rosoff

           /s/ PHILIP M. BROWNE             Senior Vice President and
- ------------------------------------------  Chief Financial Officer
             Philip M. Browne

          /s/ DAVID B. WEINSTOCK            Vice President and Chief
- ------------------------------------------  Accounting Officer
            David B. Weinstock

           /s/ ARTHUR P. BELLIS             Director
- ------------------------------------------
             Arthur P. Bellis

           /s/ ROBERT S. BLANK              Director
- ------------------------------------------
             Robert S. Blank

              /s/ MAX BOTEL                 Director
- ------------------------------------------
                Max Botel

           /s/ DANA BECKER DUNN             Director
- ------------------------------------------
             Dana Becker Dunn
</Table>

                                        94
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                   NAME                                TITLE
                   ----                                -----

<C>                                         <S>
          /s/ JAMES E. KSANSNAK             Director
- ------------------------------------------
            James E. Ksansnak

                                            Director
- ------------------------------------------
              Ronald Lubner

            /s/ OLAF OLAFSSON               Director
- ------------------------------------------
              Olaf Olafsson

            /s/ ROBERT H. ROCK              Director
- ------------------------------------------
              Robert H. Rock

                                            Director
- ------------------------------------------
             Michael Stolper
</Table>

                                        95
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<Table>
<Caption>
      EXHIBIT
       NUMBER                    EXHIBIT AND MANNER OF FILING
      -------                    ----------------------------
    <S>          <C>
    (a)(1)       Financial Statements.
    1.           Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2001 and 2000.
    2.           Consolidated Income Statements for each of the three years
                 in the period ended December 31, 2001.
    3.           Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
                 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
                 2001.
    4.           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three
                 years in the period ended December 31, 2001.
    5.           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
    (a)(2)       Schedules.
                 Other statements and schedules are not being presented
                 either because they are not required or the information
                 required by such statements and schedules is presented
                 elsewhere in the financial statements.
    (a)(3)       Exhibits
    2-a          Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated January 8, 2001, by and
                 between Advanta Corp. and Chase Manhattan Mortgage
                 Corporation (incorporated by reference to Annex I to the
                 Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed January 25,
                 2001).
    2-b          Mortgage Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February
                 23, 2001, by and among Advanta Corp., Chase Manhattan
                 Mortgage Corporation, and Chase Manhattan Bank USA, National
                 Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the
                 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14,
                 2000).
    2-c          Mortgage Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February
                 28, 2001, by and among Advanta Corp., Chase Manhattan
                 Mortgage Corporation, and Chase Manhattan Bank USA, National
                 Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the
                 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14,
                 2000).
    3-a          Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pre-Effective
                 Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement
                 on Form S-3 (File No. 33-53475), filed June 10, 1994), as
                 amended by the Certificate of Designations, Preferences,
                 Rights and Limitations of the Registrant's 6 3/4%
                 Convertible Class B Preferred Stock, Series 1995 (Stock
                 Appreciation Income Linked Securities (SAILS))(incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Current
                 Report on Form 8-K dated August 15, 1995), as further
                 amended by the Certificate of Designations, Preferences,
                 Rights and Limitations of the Registrant's Series A Junior
                 Participating Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form
                 8-A, dated March 17, 1997).
    3-b          By-laws of the Registrant, as amended (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 3.1 the Registrant's Current Report on
                 Form 8-K dated March 17, 1997).
    3-c          Rights Agreement, dated as of March 14, 1997, by and between
                 the Registrant and the Rights Agent, which includes as
                 Exhibit B thereto the Form of Rights Certificate
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's
                 Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated March 17, 1997).
    4-a*         Trust Indenture dated April 22, 1981 between Registrant and
                 Mellon Bank, N.A., (formerly, CoreStates Bank, N.A.), as
                 Trustee, including Form of Debenture.
</Table>
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
      EXHIBIT
       NUMBER                    EXHIBIT AND MANNER OF FILING
      -------                    ----------------------------
    <S>          <C>
    4-b          Specimen of Class A Common Stock Certificate and specimen of
                 Class B Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 1 of the Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to Form 8
                 and Exhibit 1 to Registrant's Form 8-A, respectively, both
                 dated April 22, 1992).
    4-c          Trust Indenture dated as of November 15, 1993 between the
                 Registrant and The Chase Manhattan Bank (National
                 Association), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form
                 S-3 (No. 33-50883), filed November 2, 1993).
    4-d          Senior Trust Indenture, dated as of October 23, 1995,
                 between the Registrant and Mellon Bank, N.A., as Trustee
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
                 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
                 33-62601), filed September 13, 1995).
    4-e          Indenture dated as of December 17, 1996 between Advanta
                 Corp. and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as trustee relating to
                 the Junior Subordinated Debentures (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4-g to the Registrant's Annual Report
                 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996).
    4-f          Declaration of Trust dated as of December 5, 1996 of Advanta
                 Capital Trust I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4-h to
                 the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1996).
    4-g          Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of
                 December 17, 1996 for Advanta Capital Trust I (incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 4-i to the Registrant's Annual
                 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996).
    4-h          Series A Capital Securities Guarantee Agreement dated as of
                 December 17, 1996. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4-j
                 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1996).
    10-a         Advanta Corp. 2000 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to 4(f) to Post-Effective
                 Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement
                 on Form S-8 (File No. 333-04469).+
    10-b         Card Member License Agreement between Colonial National
                 Financial Corp. (now known as Advanta Bank Corp.) and
                 MasterCard International Incorporated dated April 19, 1994
                 (filed herewith).
    10-c         VISA U.S.A. Inc. Membership Agreement and Principal Member
                 Addendum executed by Advanta Corp. on February 27, 1997
                 (filed herewith).
    10-d         VISA U.S.A. Inc. Membership Agreement executed by Advanta
                 Bank Corp. on March 31, 2000 (filed herewith).
    10-e*        Application for membership in VISA(R) U.S.A. Inc. and
                 Membership Agreement executed by Colonial National Bank USA
                 on March 25, 1983.
    10-f*        Application for membership in MasterCard(R) International,
                 Inc. and Card Member License Agreement executed by Colonial
                 National Bank USA on March 25, 1983.
    10-g*        Indenture of Trust dated May 11, 1984 between Linda Alter,
                 as settlor, and Dennis Alter, as trustee.
    10-g(i)      Agreement dated October 20, 1992 among Dennis Alter, as
                 Trustee of the trust established by the Indenture of Trust
                 filed as Exhibit 10-g (the "Indenture"), Dennis Alter in his
                 individual capacity, Linda Alter, and Michael Stolper, which
                 Agreement modifies the Indenture (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 10-g(i) to the Registrant's Registration
                 Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-58660), filed February
                 23, 1993).
    10-h         Advanta Corp. Executive Deferral Plan (incorporated by
                 reference to the Exhibit 10-j to the Registrant's Annual
                 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995).+
</Table>
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
      EXHIBIT
       NUMBER                    EXHIBIT AND MANNER OF FILING
      -------                    ----------------------------
    <S>          <C>
    10-i         Advanta Corp. Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-K to the
                 Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 1995).+
    10-j         Life Insurance Benefit for Certain Key Executives and
                 Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-g to the
                 Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 2000).+
    10-k         Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
                 Advanta Partners LP, dated as of October 1, 1996
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-o to the
                 Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 1996).
    10-l         Agreement of Limited Partnership of Advanta Growth Capital
                 Fund L.P., dated as of July 28, 2000 (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10-i to the Registrant's Annual Report
                 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000).
    10-m         Agreement dated as of January 15, 1996 between the
                 Registrant and William A. Rosoff (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 10-u to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995).+
    10-n         Agreement dated May 11, 1998 between the Registrant and
                 Philip M. Browne (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-r
                 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1998).+
    10-o         Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 28, 1997, by and
                 between Advanta Corp. and Fleet Financial Group
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (c)(2) to the
                 Registrant's Schedule 13E-4, dated January 20, 1998), as
                 amended by the First Amendment to the Contribution
                 Agreement, dated as of February 10, 1998, by and among
                 Advanta Corp., Fleet Financial Group and Fleet Credit Card,
                 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the
                 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 6,
                 1998).
    10-p         Commercial Lease, dated September 28, 1995, by and between
                 Draper Park North, L.C. and Advanta Financial Corp., as
                 amended January 31, 1996 and May 20, 1996 (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10-v to the Registrant's Annual Report
                 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999).
    10-q         Master Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2000, between
                 Wilmington Trust Company, as Owner Trustee of the Advanta
                 Business Card Master Trust and Bankers Trust Company, as
                 Indenture Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
                 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 20, 2000 by
                 Advanta Business Receivables Corp.).
    10-r         Series 2000-B Indenture Supplement, dated August 1, 2000,
                 between Advanta Business Card Master Trust and Bankers Trust
                 Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the
                 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 20, 2000 by Advanta
                 Business Receivables Corp.).
    10-s         Transfer and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 1,
                 2000, among Advanta Business Receivables Corp., Advanta Bank
                 Corp., as Servicer, and Advanta Business Card Master Trust
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current
                 Report on Form 8-K, filed August 20, 2000 by Advanta
                 Business Receivables Corp.).
    10-t         Series 2000-C Indenture Supplement, dated as of November 1,
                 2000, between Advanta Business Card Master Trust and Bankers
                 Trust Company, as indenture trustee (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K,
                 filed November 21, 2000 by Advanta Business Receivables
                 Corp.).
    10-u         Service Agreement between First Data Resources Inc. and
                 Advanta Bank Corp., dated as of January 1, 2002 (filed
                 herewith).
    12           Computation of Ratio Earnings to Fixed Charges (filed
                 herewith).
    21           Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith).
</Table>
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
      EXHIBIT
       NUMBER                    EXHIBIT AND MANNER OF FILING
      -------                    ----------------------------
    <S>          <C>
    23           Consent of Independent Public Accountants (filed herewith).
    24           Powers of Attorney (included on the signature page hereof).
    99           Letter to the Commission pursuant to Temporary Note 3T to
                 Article 3 of Regulation S-X (filed herewith).
</Table>

- ---------------
* Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit with corresponding number
  constituting part of the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-2 (No.
  33-00071), filed on September 4, 1985.

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.B
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>w58410ex10-b.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CARD MEMBER LICENSE AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 19, 1994
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10-b

                          CARD MEMBER LICENSE AGREEMENT

TO:                Colonial National Financial Corp.
           ------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (Licensee's legal name)

                   448 East 6400 South, Suite 150
           ------------------------------------------------------------------
                      (Street address of principal office)

                   Murray, Utah 84107
           ------------------------------------------------------------------
                      (City and State of principal office)

      The following is a license agreement made between you and MasterCard
International Incorporated "Licensor", a membership corporation organized under
the laws of the Sate of Delaware, located at 888 Seventh Avenue, New York, New
York.

      1.    DESCRIPTION OF THE MARKS. Licensor has developed a number of service
marks utilizing the name MasterCard, as set forth in Appendix 2A, Chapter 2 of
the MasterCard International Bylaws and Rules manual, for use with the services
described below and other services which Licensor may add at any time:

      (a)   The issuance of Charge and debit services cards;

      (b)   The establishment of agreements with merchants to provide goods or
services to holders of debit services and charge cards, and the assignment,
transfer or presentation by such merchants of the sales slips representing such
transactions to financial institutions for payment;

      (c)   The making of cash advances;

      (d)   The electronic or paper based transfer of funds, whether through ATM
or POS terminals or otherwise, of holders of debit service cards (including the
withdrawal of funds from designated accounts, and the transfer of funds between
designated accounts), the guarantee of checks and similar negotiable instruments
of holders of debit services cards, and other related services;

      (e)   The operation of charge card and debit services card transaction
authorization centers;

      (f)   The settlement, honoring and interchange of the transaction records
generated by use of the charge and debit services cards;

      (g)   The provision of cardholder accounting through a central or
independent billing system; and

      (h)   The advertising and promotion of all the above activities.

      These marks, which utilize the work MasterCard(R), are referred to in this
agreement as "the marks," or "the MasterCard marks" as the case may be. Cards
bearing the marks are referred to herein as "MasterCard cards."

      2.    GRANT OF LICENSE. Licensor hereby grants you a nonexclusive license
to use the marks for any of the services authorized by paragraph 1 in connection
your charge card or debit services business. However, you must notify Licensor,
in such form as Licensor may designate, prior to commencing use of the marks in
connection with your charge card business and prior to commencing use of the
marks in connection with your debit services business.

      3.    DURATION OF LICENSE. The duration of this license is perpetual,
subject to the termination provisions of this agreement and subject to the
Licensor's right to forgo rights in the marks.

      4.    OWNERSHIP AND VALIDITY OF THE MARKS. By accepting this license, you
recognize that Licensor is the exclusive owner of the marks, and you agree that
you will never contest, directly or indirectly, Licensor's exclusive ownership
of the marks, or in any way dispute the validity of the marks. You agree that,
if any rights have accrued or may accrue to you in the marks by operation of
law, such rights will revert to Licensor upon termination of this agreement. You
also agree that you will cooperate with Licensor in perfecting Licensor's title
in the marks by written assignment of any rights which may accrue or in any
other manner necessary.

      5.    STANDARDS FOR THE MARKS AND SERVICES. Licensor shall establish
standards from time to time, which you hereby agree to follow, regulating the
manner in which licensees shall perform and conduct services connected with the
marks. These standards generally include, but are not limited to, the MasterCard
User's Manual and the Bylaws and Rules of Licensor. These standards may be
modified at any time by Licensor and made applicable to you.

- ----------

(As amended through 23 March 1994)
<PAGE>
Card Member License Agreement
(As amended through 23 March 1994)                                        Page 2
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


      These standards specifically include, but are not limited to, the
following requirements:

      (a)   MERCHANT AGREEMENTS. You must require merchants with which you have
MasterCard card agreements to agree:

            (1)   to honor without discrimination all cards bearing the marks of
                  Licensor which are properly presented; and

            (2)   to abide by the standards for display of the marks which may
                  be established by Licensor.

      You shall also use your best efforts to cause your merchants to comply
with such agreements. For purpose of this agreement, a "merchant" is a retailer
or other person, firm or corporation which, pursuant to an agreement with a
license of the marks, agrees to accept, or to cause its outlets to accept,
MasterCard cards.

      (b)   INTERCHANGE. Using procedures approved by Licensor, you shall
interchange with all other licensees and members of Licensor any transaction
records which may be generated by use of cards properly bearing any of the marks
of Licensor.

      (c)   FORMAT OF MARKS. You may use the marks only in the form, style,
design and color authorized by Licensor. Licensor shall make no change in the
form, style, design or color of the marks, unless such change is approved by
MasterCard licensees eligible to vote holding 80% or more of the voting power of
all such licensees eligible to vote in accordance with the Bylaws of Licensor.
If Licensor makes a change in the form, style, design or color of the marks, you
must make the change within two years from the date of the change. If you fail
to make the change within two years, then you must discontinue use of the marks,
and this agreement shall terminate automatically.

      (d)   APPROVAL OF CARD FACE. The face of MasterCard cards issued by you
shall be identical to the cards shown in Appendix 2A, Chapter 2 of the
MasterCard International Bylaws and Rules manual. You shall promptly file with
Licensor a facsimile of the card in the form to be used by you, and you shall
not use or issue MasterCard cards in that form or any other form without
receiving prior written approval from Licensor.

      (e)   NOTICE OF LICENSOR'S OWNERSHIP OF MARKS. All documents, instruments,
papers, letters, advertisements, charge cards or debit services cards you issue
which carry the word MasterCard shall be marked by you with any notices of
Licensor's mark registrations that may be required by law or by Licensor.

      6.    MAINTENANCE OF RIGHTS IN THE MARKS. Licensor agrees to take such
action as it believes reasonable to protect and maintain its rights in the
marks. However, if Licensor decides, in its sole discretion, to forego rights in
the marks, it shall take reasonable action to protect your right to continue to
use the marks. Upon request, Licensor will provide you with a current
description of the status of its registrations and applications for registration
of the marks.

      7.    NOTICE OF INFRINGEMENT OF THE MARKS. As soon as you acquire any
knowledge of: (a) any infringement of the marks, (b) any conflicting claim of
third parties with request to the marks, or (c) any failure of any licensee to
adhere to the standards for the marks and services outlined in paragraph 5
above, you shall notify Licensor. You agree to give all lawful and reasonable
aid requested by Licensor in connection with its efforts to preserve and defend
the marks. Such aid would include, among other things, reasonable assistance in
investigations, negotiations and suits when requested, and it would also include
carrying on litigation in your own name or Licensor's behalf. All litigation
carried on by you at Licensor's request shall be subject to Licensor's control
and will be at Licensor's expense.

      8.    LICENSOR'S RIGHT TO INFORMATION. Licensor shall have the right to
obtain from you any information necessary to determine whether you are in
compliance with this agreement. However, you will not be required to furnish any
information relating to your interest rates, merchant discounts or other fees,
or credit selectivity policies or any other matter not relevant to such a
determination. If you believe that you are prevented from carrying out any of
the terms of this agreement by any laws or regulations, any information you
furnish Licensor under this paragraph shall specifically include a copy of such
laws or regulations. Furthermore, if Licensor requests it, you will furnish
Licensor an opinion or counsel confirming your conclusion that these laws or
regulations apply. At Licensor's request, you shall provide Licensor with a
reasonable opportunity to verify the information furnished under the paragraph.
If Licensor determines that you are prohibited by law or regulation from
carrying out any of the terms of this agreement, you shall undertake such
reasonable activities in the place of the prohibited activities as the
MasterCard Committee, or its successor, shall require.
<PAGE>
Card Member License Agreement
(As amended through 23 March 1994)                                        Page 3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


      9.    TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY LICENSOR. Licensor shall have the right
to terminate this agreement under the following circumstances:

      (a)   DISAFFILIATION. If you cease to be a card member of Licensor,
Licensor may terminate this agreement forthwith. If it chooses, Licensor may
authorize you to use the marks under a substitute agreement appropriate to
liquidating your MasterCard card business.

      (b)   NONCOMPLIANCE. If you fail reasonably to comply with any of the
obligations imposed by this agreement, or fail to make any payments required by
the Bylaws or Rules, Licensor may terminate this agreement in the following
manner:

            (1)   Licensor shall give you written notice of your failures in
                  sufficient detail to identify each alleged failure;

            (2)   You shall have ninety (90) days after this notice to cure each
                  failure; and

            (3)   If you have not cured each failure within this 90-day period,
                  this agreement shall terminate.

      (c)   INABILITY TO COMPLY DUE TO LEGAL DISABILITY. If you are unable to
comply with the provisions of this agreement because of any statute, regulation
or other requirement imposed by the jurisdiction in which you are located,
Licensor may terminate this agreement forthwith.

      10.   TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY LICENSEE. You may terminate this
agreement on 30 days written notice to Licensor.

      11.   TERMINATION FOR NON-USE. If you discontinue use of the marks in
connection with the services described in paragraph 1 above for a period of two
years, this agreement shall terminate automatically.

      12.   LICENSEE'S OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION. Upon termination of this
agreement as provided in paragraphs 5(c), 9, 10, and 11 above, all of your
rights and obligations under this agreement shall terminate except that you
shall have the following residual obligations:

      (a)   You shall revoke all MasterCard cards issued by you and cease all
other use of the marks as of the termination date;

      (b)   You shall remain liable on all transactions resulting from the use
of the MasterCard cards issued by you until 90 days following the latest
expiration date embossed on any of your MasterCard cards;

      (c)   You shall remain liable on all amounts due from you pursuant to the
provisions of the Bylaws and Rules of Licensor, and for your appropriate share
of the expenses properly incurred by Licensor prior to the termination date on
behalf of all MasterCard licensees and debts related to the card activities of
Licensor, as provided in the Bylaws; and

      (d)   You shall not attempt to register or to aid third parties in
registering any trade or service mark confusingly similar to the MasterCard
marks.

      13.   LIST OF LICENSEES. Any list which contain the names and addresses of
MasterCard licenses which may be distributed to you shall remain the property of
Licensor and you shall not sell or give any such list to vendors.

      14.   SUBLICENSES AND ASSIGNMENTS PROHIBITED. You may not sublicense or
assign your right under this agreement whether by sale, consolidation, merger,
amalgamation, operation of law, or otherwise. However, you may transfer this
license to any institution which succeeds to substantially all of your business
or assets and which, at the time of such transfer, is a card member of Licensor.

      15.   MODIFICATIONS. This agreement may only be modified by the
affirmative action of the MasterCard Committee or its successor. This agreement
may not be orally modified or terminated.

      16.   OTHER AGREEMENTS. This agreement supersedes all inconsistent
representations, agreements, arrangements and understandings between you and
Licensor, whether written or oral, except that the provisions of this agreement
are subject to the provisions of the Bylaws and rules of Licensor.
<PAGE>
Card Member License Agreement
(As amended through 23 March 1994)                                        Page 4
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


      17.   NOTICES. Any notice, demand, request or communication required or
permitted to be given under this agreement shall be in writing. Such notice
shall be considered sufficiently given when it is deposited to the public mails
as certified mail addressed to the appropriate party at the address shown on the
first page of this agreement or to such other address as may be designated by
the party from time to time.

      18.   GOVERNING LAW. All questions with respect to the interpretation,
effect and validity of this agreement, and the rights and obligations of the
parties, shall be decided under the laws of the State of New York.

      19.   EFFECTIVE DATE. This agreement shall be effective from the time it
is executed in New York (after previously having been executed by you) and
deposited in the United States mails for transmission to you.

                                    MasterCard International, Incorporated
                                    New York, New York


                                    By:  /s/ H. Eugene Lockhart
                                         -------------------------
                                          H. Eugene Lockhart, President
                                          and Chief Executive Officer

                                    Date:
                                         ---------------------------------------

ATTEST:
By:   /s/ Michael J. Timko
     ---------------------

Name:  Michael J. Timko

Title:  Assistant Secretary
            (Corporate Seal)


ACCEPTED AND AGREED:                 Colonial National Financial Corp.
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                     (Typed or printed name of licensee)

                                    City and State      Salt Lake City, Utah
                                                   -----------------------------


                                    By:   /s/ John L. Richards
                                         -------------------------
                                    (Original signature of officer empowered to
                                     enter into agreements for your
                                     organization)


                                    Name:           John L. Richards
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                    (Typed or printed name of signing officer)


                                    Title        President/CEO
                                         ---------------------------------------

                                    Date          4/19/94
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                    (Date agreement signed by applicant)

ATTEST:
By:   /s/ Julie Boyle
    ---------------------------------
(Signature of authorized attestor)

Name      Julie Boyle
    ---------------------------------
(Printed or typed name of attestor)

Title     Secretary
     --------------------------------
(Affix your organization's seal here)




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.C
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>w58410ex10-c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VISA USA INC MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10-c

                                VISA U.S.A. INC.
                              MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT

      We understand the Visa U.S.A. Inc. is a nonstock, membership corporation
organized under the laws of Delaware for the purpose of administering, uniformly
through its members, bank card and travelers cheque programs utilizing the
service marks "Bands Design", "Visa", and/or such other service marks as may
from time to time be adopted by the corporation ("Corporation's Payment
Services"). We desire to participate in the Corporation's Payment Services in
the category(ies) elected in the appropriate Addendum(s) attached to this
application or submitted in the future, which upon acceptance by the corporation
shall become a part of this agreement, and hereby make application to Visa
U.S.A. for such authority. We have received a copy of the Visa U.S.A. By-Laws
and we understand the prerequisites for membership and the rights, duties,
obligations, and responsibilities of members as therein stated; and we agree to
comply in all respects with such By-Laws as they may be amended from time to
time.

      We understand and/or agree that, should we elect at any time to perform
functions other than those elected in the attached Addendum(s) and/or in our
application materials, we will give the corporation prior written notice and
will not commence performance of such other functions until we submit the
appropriate Addendum(s) and have received the corporation's prior written
consent thereto.

      We enclose an estimated program plan or registration confirmation as
appropriate, the appropriate Addendum(s), and all other information and
documents, including a current financial statement if requested, the contents of
which we warrant to be true and correct. We understand that authority to perform
the functions elected will become effective only upon acceptance of this
application and the appropriate Addendum(s), and we agree, upon acceptance, to
be bound by and perform all requirements of membership as stated in the present
By-Laws and Operating Regulations of Visa U.S.A and any future amendments, and
authorize Visa to collect the appropriate membership fees for our organization
through the VisaNet system in accordance with the Operating Regulations.

      We hereby warrant that the information provided in this application is
true and correct. We agree that failure to disclose information pertinent to
this application for membership in Visa U.S.A., or willful misrepresentation of
any such information shall be a basis for termination of membership. Should
circumstances change that would affect our membership eligibility, as specified
in the Visa U.S.A. By-Laws, we agree to immediately notify Visa U.S.A., in
writing, and understand that failure to do so may be grounds for termination. We
also agree to provide such other notifications as may be required by the Visa
U.S.A. By-Laws.

      If any category in which we have elected to participate requires the
sponsorship of another member, and such sponsorship is terminated, we will
immediately notify Visa U.S.A., in writing, addressed to its head office. Any
notice or other correspondence to be sent to us by Visa U.S.A. may be sent to
our address as shown herein.

      We certify that we meet all requirements for membership, are fully
empowered to perform all of the functions we have elected to perform, and that
this application has been duly authorized by appropriate corporate action. We
further certify that the applicant is chartered as a     Holding Company
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                      (Type of institution)
under the laws of Delaware                      .
                  -------------------------------
                   (The U.S.A. or name of state)




Legal Name of Applicant:                  Advanta Corp.                        .
                          ------------------------------------------------------

The signing officer must be duly authorized to execute this application and must
have the equivalent rank of at least Senior Vice President. (By-Law Section
2.02)



           John Calamari                              Vice President
- -------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
   (Please Type)  Officer's Name                      Title


 /s/ John Calamari                                    2/27/97
- -------------------------------------      -------------------------------------
     Officer's Signature                              Date


New Applicant - Application for Membership - 05/94
<PAGE>
                                VISA U.S.A. Inc.

                            PRINCIPAL MEMBER ADDENDUM

                             By-Law Section 2.04(a)

Every Principal Member:

(1)   Shall comply with the obligations of all members as stated in Section 2.03
      of the Visa U.S.A. Inc. By-Laws;

(2)   Shall issue Cards bearing the Visa service mark, which requirement may be
      satisfied by the issuance of Cards by it Affiliates which are members;

(3)   May acquire transaction on Cards and display at merchants' locations the
      service marks designated by the corporation to indicate Card acceptance;

(4)   Shall provide cash disbursement services to cardholders;

(5)   May solicit cardholder and/or acquiring relationships on behalf o other
      members authorized by the By-Laws to perform such functions, but shall not
      solicit credit cardholder relationships on behalf of another member except
      through participation also as a Credit Participant Member;

(6)   May sponsor members in the Associate, Acquiring Associate, Credit
      Participant, Debit Participant and Cash Disbursement Participant
      categories;

(7)   Shall submit operating certificates and other information and pay all fees
      and penalties as the corporation may require in accordance with the
      By-Laws and the Operating Regulations;

(8)   May act as or designate a Processor in accordance with the Operating
      Regulations and other requirements established by the corporation for
      itself and for other members;

(9)   May vote on matters which are submitted to the vote of the members
      pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation and the By-Laws;

(10)  May have its officers serve as members of the Board of Directors in
      accordance with the By-Laws and on advisory committees as the corporation
      may request; and

(11)  May have rights to receive dividends and proceeds of the dissolution of
      the corporation in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and
      the By-Laws.

Note: By-Law Section 2.04 states that a member may not simultaneously
      participate in the membership categories of Principal and Acquirer.

                              Advanta Corp.
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             LEGAL NAME OF APPLICANT

            5 Horsham Business Ctr., 300 Welsh Road, Horsham, PA 19044
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      LEGAL ADDRESS, CITY, STATE AND ZIP CODE OF MAIN OFFICE (NO P.O. BOX)

         (215) 444-5334                                 10038869
      ------------------------                  ---------------------------
            TELEPHONE                                VISA BUSINESS ID

We certify that we are fully empowered to perform all of the functions of
Principal membership as stated above and that this Addendum has been duly
authorized by appropriate corporate action. This Addendum will be in addition to
any existing membership category(ies) unless we have notified Visa, in writing,
and have met the requirements to terminate any other existing membership
category(ies).

We certify that if we elect to participate in the Visa point of sale debit Card
program, our institution, and our Affiliates shall not also participate as Card
issuers in a similar point of sale debit Card program of MasterCard
International Incorporated, except affinity programs not permitted under the
Visa Operating Regulations [By-Law Section 2.03(e)].


        John Calamari                         Vice President
- ------------------------------      ------------------------------------
(PLEASE TYPE OFFICERS NAME AND      (Required: Equivalent rank of at least a
 TITLE)                              Senior Vice President; By-Law Section 2.02)


 /s/ John Calamari                               2/27/97
- ------------------------------      ------------------------------------
     OFFICER'S SIGNATURE                         DATE

If you need assistance in completing this Addendum, please call the Membership
Department at (415) 432-2771.

New Applicant - Principal Addendum - 5/94

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.D
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>w58410ex10-d.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VISA USA INC. MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT DATED 3/31/2000
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10-d

                                VISA U.S.A. INC.

                              MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT

      We understand that Visa U.S.A. Inc. is a nonstock, membership corporation
organized under the laws of Delaware for the purpose of administering uniformly
through its members, bank card and traveler cheque programs utilizing the
service marks "Bands Design", "Visa", and/or such other service marks as may
from time to time be adopted by the corporation ("Corporation's Payment
Services"). We desire to participate in the Corporation's Payment Services in
the category(ies) elected in the appropriate Addendum(s), attached to this
application or submitted in the future, which upon acceptance by the corporation
shall become a part of this agreement, and hereby make application to Visa
U.S.A. for such authority. We have received a copy of the Visa U.S.A. By-Laws
and we understand the prerequisites for membership and the rights, duties,
obligations and responsibilities of members as therein stated; and we agree to
comply in all respects with such By-Laws as they may be amended from time to
time.

      We understand and agree that, should we elect at any time to perform
functions other than those elected in the attached Addendum(s) and/or in our
application materials, we will give the corporation prior written notice and
will not commence performance of such other functions until we submit the
appropriate Addendum(s) and have received the corporation's prior written
consent thereto.

      We enclose an estimated program plan or registration confirmation as
appropriate, the appropriate Addendum(s), and all other information and
documents, including a current financial statement if requested, the contents of
which we warrant to be true and correct. We understand that authority to perform
the functions elected will become effective only upon acceptance of this
application and the appropriate Addendum(s), and we agree, upon acceptance, to
be bound by and perform all requirements of membership as stated in the present
By-Laws and Operating Regulations of Visa U.S.A. and may future amendments, and
authorize Visa to collect appropriate membership fees for our organization
through the VisaNet system in accordance with the Operating Regulations.

      We hereby warrant that the information provided in this application is
true and correct. We agree that failure to disclose information pertinent to
this application for membership in Visa U.S.A., or willful misrepresentation of
any such information shall be a basis for termination of membership. Should
circumstances change that would affect our membership eligibility, as specified
in the Visa U.S.A. By-Laws, we agree to immediately notify Visa U.S.A., in
writing, and understand that failure to do so may be grounds for termination. We
also agree to provide such other notifications as may be required by the Visa
U.S.A. By-Laws.

      If any category in which we have elected to participate requires the
sponsorship of another member, and such sponsorship is terminated, we will
immediately notify Visa U.S.A., in writing, addressed to its head office. Any
notice or other correspondence to be sent to us by Visa U.S.A. may be sent to
our address as shown herein.

      We certify that we meet all requirements for membership, are fully
empowered to perform all of the functions we have elected to perform, and that
this application has been duly authorized by appropriate corporate action. We
further certify that the applicant is chartered as an
  Industrial Loan Corporation (ILC)   under the laws of        Utah            .
- -------------------------------------                   ------------------------
   (The U.S.A. or name of state)                          (Type of institution)


Legal Name of Application:                Advanta Bank Corp.                   .
                           -----------------------------------------------------

The signing officer must be duly authorized to execute this application and must
have the equivalent rank of at least Senior Vice President. (By-Law Section
2.02)


         Mark Hales                       CEO - Advanta Bank Corp.
- ------------------------------      ------------------------------------
 (Please Type) Officer's Name                  Title


 /s/ Mark Hales                               3/31/00
- ------------------------------      ------------------------------------
     Officer's Signature                      Date





New Applicant - Application for Membership - 05/94

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.U
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>w58410ex10-u.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SERVICE AGREEMENT BETWEEN FIRST DATA & ADVANTA
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10-u
                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                                SERVICE AGREEMENT



                                     BETWEEN



                            FIRST DATA RESOURCES INC.



                                       AND



                               ADVANTA BANK CORP.



                           DATED AS OF JANUARY 1, 2002
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                         <C>
ARTICLE 1   DEFINITIONS ................................................     1

ARTICLE 2   SERVICES ...................................................     6

      2.1   BASE SERVICES ..............................................     6

      2.2   COMMUNICATION LINKS ........................................     6

      2.3   NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ..................................     6

      2.4   PROGRAMMING SERVICES .......................................     6

      2.5   COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS .......................................     7

      2.6   PRIVACY OF PERSONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..................     8

      2.7   THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE .......................................     8

      2.8   ENHANCEMENTS ...............................................     9

ARTICLE 3   EXCLUSIVITY AND EXECUTION BY AFFILIATES ....................    10

      3.1   SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE PROVIDER ................................    10

      3.2   EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT BY CUSTOMER'S AFFILIATES ............    11

      3.3   ACQUISITION OF PORTFOLIOS OR ENTITIES SERVICED BY FDR ......    11

      3.4   ACQUISITION OF PORTFOLIOS OR ENTITIES NOT SERVICED BY FDR ..    11

      3.5   MERGER OR CHANGE OF CONTROL ................................    12

      3.6   DISPOSITION OF TRANSACTION CARD ACCOUNT PORTFOLIOS .........    12

      3.7   POSSIBLE PRICE ADJUSTMENT ..................................    12

ARTICLE 4   PAYMENT FOR SERVICES .......................................    12

      4.1   FEES AND CHARGES ...........................................    12

      4.2   PRICE INCREASES ............................................    13

      4.3   METHOD OF PAYMENT ..........................................    14

      4.4   INTEREST ...................................................    14

      4.5   MINIMUM FEES ...............................................    14

      4.6   TAXES ......................................................    14

      4.7   GROWTH CREDIT ..............................................    15

      4.8   ADDITIONAL CREDIT ..........................................    15

ARTICLE 5   INDEMNIFICATION ............................................    16

      5.1   CUSTOMER'S INDEMNIFICATION .................................    16

      5.2   FDR'S INDEMNIFICATION ......................................    16

      5.3   NOTIFICATION ...............................................    17
</TABLE>


                                       i
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                         <C>
      5.4   CLAIMS PERIOD ..............................................    17

ARTICLE 6   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ....................................    18

      6.1   LIMITATION ON LIABILITY ....................................    18

      6.2   NO SPECIAL DAMAGES .........................................    18

ARTICLE 7   DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES ...................................    19

ARTICLE 8   TERM OF AGREEMENT ..........................................    19

      8.1   TERM .......................................................    19

      8.2   RENEWAL ....................................................    19

ARTICLE 9   TERMINATION ................................................    19

      9.1   TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY FDR ............................    19

      9.2   TERMINATION BY CUSTOMER ....................................    20

      9.3   EFFECT OF TERMINATION ......................................    21

      9.4   PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION ..................................    21

      9.5   LIQUIDATED DAMAGES .........................................    22

      9.6   DECONVERSION ...............................................    23

ARTICLE 10  CONFIDENTIAL NATURE OF DATA ................................    23

      10.1  CUSTOMER'S PROPRIETARY INFORMATION .........................    23

      10.2  FDR'S PROPRIETARY INFORMATION ..............................    24

      10.3  CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT ...............................    24

      10.4  CONFIDENTIALITY ............................................    25

      10.5  RELEASE OF INFORMATION .....................................    25

      10.6  EXCLUSIONS .................................................    25

      10.7  REMEDY .....................................................    26

ARTICLE 11  REPRESENTATIONS ............................................    26

      11.1  FDR'S REPRESENTATIONS ......................................    26

      11.2  CUSTOMER'S REPRESENTATIONS .................................    27

ARTICLE 12  TRANSACTION SETTLEMENT .....................................    27

      12.1  INTERCHANGE SETTLEMENT ACCOUNT .............................    27

      12.2  TRANSFER OF FUNDS ..........................................    27

      12.3  DAILY AMOUNT ...............................................    28

      12.4  FAILURE TO TRANSFER ........................................    28

      12.5  SETTLEMENT LATE PAYMENT FEE ................................    28

      12.6  NO INDEPENDENT OBLIGATION ..................................    28
</TABLE>


                                       ii
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                         <C>
      12.7  VIOLATION OF RULES .........................................    28

      12.8  RELIANCE ON OTHER PARTIES ..................................    29

      12.9  COMPLIANCE WITH INSTRUCTIONS ...............................    29

      12.10 RESTRICTIONS ON SETOFF .....................................    29

      12.11 TRAILING ACTIVITY ..........................................    29

      12.12 DELETION, TRANSFER OR ABANDONMENT OF BINS AND ICAS .........    29

ARTICLE 13  PERFORMANCE STANDARDS ......................................    30

      13.1  FDR'S PERFORMANCE ..........................................    30

      13.2  PERFORMANCE REPORTS ........................................    30

ARTICLE 14  GENERAL ....................................................    31

      14.1  ASSIGNMENT .................................................    31

      14.2  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES ....................................    32

      14.3  BUSINESS CONTINUITY PLAN ...................................    32

      14.4  STATE LAW ..................................................    32

      14.5  NOTICE .....................................................    33

      14.6  HEADINGS ...................................................    33

      14.7  WAIVER .....................................................    34

      14.8  FORCE MAJEURE AND RESTRICTED PERFORMANCE ...................    34

      14.9  SEVERABILITY ...............................................    34

      14.10 AUDIT ......................................................    34

      14.11 RISK OF LOSS ...............................................    34

      14.12 EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY ...............................    35

      14.13 INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION ................................    35

      14.14 ARBITRATION ................................................    35

      14.15 JUDICIAL PROCEDURE .........................................    37

      14.16 FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT ....................................    37

      14.17 SERVICE SUPPORT; MEETINGS ..................................    37

      14.18 ENTIRE AGREEMENT ...........................................    38
</TABLE>


                                      iii
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBITS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      Exhibit           Title
      -------           -----
<S>                     <C>
      A                 Services and Fees
      B                 CCAD Implementation
      C                 Performance Standards
      D                 Customer's Affiliate Agreement
</TABLE>


                                       iv
<PAGE>
                                SERVICE AGREEMENT


      This Service Agreement dated as of January 1, 2002 (the "Agreement") is
between Advanta Bank Corp., 11850 South Election Road, Salt Lake City, Utah
84020 ("Customer") and First Data Resources Inc., 7302 Pacific Street, Omaha,
Nebraska 68114 ("FDR").

                                    RECITALS

      WHEREAS, FDR is willing to continue to perform data processing and other
related services for the Transaction Card businesses of Customer in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the acknowledgment of
Customer that FDR is acting solely as an agent in performing the settlement
functions set forth herein and that FDR has no obligation to supply or advance
funds for settlement purposes.

      NOW, THEREFORE, Customer and FDR, in consideration of the foregoing
premises and of the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth,
intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                                   DEFINITIONS

      The following definitions apply to the terms set forth below when used in
this Agreement:

      1.1 "AAA" is defined in Section 14.14(a) of this Agreement.

      1.2 "Acquire(s)" means an acquisition, directly or indirectly, of an
interest through purchase, exchange or other acquisition of assets, stock or
other equity interests, any merger or consolidation or any similar transactions.

      1.3 "Acquirer" means an Entity which has an arrangement with a Merchant to
obtain Transaction Card Tickets from the Merchant and present the Transaction
Card Tickets through an Interchange to an Issuer.

      1.4 "Adjusted Gross Processing Fees" means the aggregate amount of
Processing Fees which would have been charged to Customer for services rendered
to Customer and its Affiliates by FDR during a Processing Year based upon the
fees and charges set forth in Exhibit A, without any adjustment for discounts or
credits permitted under this Agreement. Despite the foregoing, Adjusted Gross
Processing Fees shall not include any amounts represented by Processing Fees
associated with the services marked with an asterisk in Exhibit A.

      1.5 "Affiliate" means, with respect to Customer or FDR, any entity which,
directly or indirectly, owns or Controls, is owned or Controlled by, or is under
common ownership or common Control with Customer or FDR, as the case may be but,
with respect to Customer, means only those Affiliates Acquired by Customer after
the execution of this Agreement.
<PAGE>
      1.6 "Agreement" shall mean this Service Agreement as amended from time to
time including any Exhibits attached hereto from time to time.

      1.7 "Arbitration Demand" is defined in Section 14.14(b) of this Agreement.

      1.8 "Arbitration Panel" is defined in Section 14.14(b) of this Agreement.

      1.9 "Basic Qualifications" is defined in Section 14.14(b) of this
Agreement.

      1.10 "Business Continuity Plan" is defined in Section 14.3 of this
Agreement.

      1.11 "Cardholder" means an individual or Entity which has a Cardholder
Account with an Issuer.

      1.12 "Cardholder Account" means an arrangement between an individual or an
Entity and an Issuer which provides that the individual or the Entity may use
one or more Transaction Cards issued by the Issuer.

      1.13 "CCAD Implementation" means the implementation of the Commercial Card
Regroup Request (Program Request No. C2A0007).

      1.14 "Control" means the direct or indirect ownership of a majority of an
Entity's outstanding capital stock (or other form of ownership) and/or a
majority of the voting power in any election of directors.

      1.15 "CPI" is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

      1.16 "Customer" means Advanta Bank Corp. and Affiliates of Customer who
have entered into an Affiliate Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2.

      1.17 "Customer's Agent Bank" means an Entity which at any time during the
Term of this Agreement has an arrangement with Customer which (a) permits the
Entity to act as an Issuer or an Acquirer and obtain services related to the
activities from Customer, or (b) provides that an Entity may act as an Issuer or
Acquirer in conjunction with Customer.

      1.18 "Customer's Accounts" means the Cardholder Accounts of Customer.

      1.19 "Customer's Masterfiles" is defined in Section 10.1 of this
Agreement.

      1.20 "Customer's Proprietary Information" is defined in Section 10 of this
Agreement.

      1.21 "Daily Amount" is defined in Section 12 of this Agreement.

      1.22 "Deconversion" means the removal of information concerning Customer's
Accounts from the FDR System.

      1.23 "Dispute" is defined in Section 14.13 of this Agreement.

      1.24 "Disputing Party" is defined in Section 14.14(a) of this Agreement.

                                        2




<PAGE>
      1.25 "Entity" means a corporation, partnership, sole proprietorship, joint
venture, or other form of organization.

      1.26 "Failed Month" is defined in Section 13.2 of this Agreement.

      1.27 "FDR" means First Data Resources Inc.

      1.28 "FDR Processed Portfolio" is defined in Section 3.3 of this
Agreement.

      1.29 "FDR's Proprietary Information" is defined in Section 10 of this
Agreement.

      1.30 "FDR System" means the computer equipment, computer software and
related equipment and documentation used at any time and from time to time by
FDR to provide the services contemplated by this Agreement.

      1.31 "FDR Settlement Rules" means the policies, rules and procedures
adopted by FDR from time to time and in effect from time to time to provide for
the payment of amounts due as the result of Interchange Settlement.

      1.32 "Former Transaction Card Accounts" is defined in Section 3.6 of this
Agreement.

      1.33 "Indemnified Party" is defined in Section 5 of this Agreement.

      1.34 "Indemnifying Party" is defined in Section 5 of this Agreement.

      1.35 "InfoSight Software" is defined in Section III. A of Exhibit "A" to
this Agreement.

      1.36 "Insolvency Event" occurs, with respect to any party, when such
party:

            (i)   is dissolved, becomes insolvent, generally fails to pay or
                  admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as
                  they become due;

            (ii)  makes a general assignment, arrangement, or composition
                  agreement with or for the benefit of its creditors; or

            (iii) files a petition in bankruptcy or institutes any action under
                  federal or state law for the relief of debtors or seeks or
                  consents to the appointment of an administrator, receiver,
                  custodian, or similar official for the wind up of its business
                  (or has such a petition or action filed against it and such
                  petition, action or appointment is not dismissed or stayed
                  within thirty (30) days).

      1.37 "Interchange" means the contracts, agreements, rules, regulations and
procedures governing the relationships between, or the actions in accordance
with the contracts, agreements, rules, regulations and procedures by, any two or
more Entities in connection with the Interchange Settlement.

      1.38 "Interchange Settlement" means the process by which FDR, on behalf of
Customer, (a) initiates payment for MasterCard and VISA Transaction Card Tickets
presented by


                                       3
<PAGE>
Acquirers to Customer, (b) receives payment for MasterCard and VISA Transaction
Card Tickets presented by Customer to Issuers, and (c) remits and receives
payments for chargebacks and other Interchange fees and expenses of or payable
by Customer.

      1.39 "Issuer" means an Entity that has a Cardholder Account with a
Cardholder.

      1.40 "Liquidated Damages" is defined in Section 9.5 of this Agreement.

      1.41 "MasterCard" means MasterCard International Incorporated or its
successors or assigns.

      1.42 "Merchant" means an Entity that has the right to acquire or otherwise
acquires a Transaction Card Ticket as payment for goods, services, or otherwise.

      1.43 "Minimum Fee Shortfall" is defined in Section 4.5 of this Agreement.

      1.44 "Minimum Processing Fees" is defined in Section 4.5 of this
Agreement.

      1.45 "Monthly Processing Fees" is defined in Section 13.2 of this
Agreement.

      1.46 "Net Settlement Amount" means the net dollar amount for each business
day of FDR of all (a) transactions processed for Customer for the day determined
in accordance with the applicable rules of MasterCard, VISA and the FDR
Settlement Rules, (b) Interchange fees and expenses relating to Customer, and
(c) account expenses including overdraft charges, activity charges, wire
transfer fees and other charges relating to Customer.

      1.47 "Non FDR Agreement" is defined in Section 3.4 of this Agreement.

      1.48 "Non FDR Processed Portfolio" is defined in Section 3.4 of this
Agreement.

      1.49 "Old Year" is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

      1.50 "Oracle" is described in Section III. A of Exhibit "A" to this
Agreement.

      1.51 "Original Term" means the first four Processing Years during which
this Agreement is effective.

      1.52 "Other Agreement" is defined in Section 3.3 of this Agreement.

      1.53 "Performance Standards" is defined in Section 13.1 of this Agreement.

      1.54 "Pilot Program" is defined in Section 2.3 of this Agreement.

      1.55 "Processing Fees" means all fees and charges incurred for services
performed at the prices set forth in Exhibit "A" (including any Minimum Fee
Shortfall payments), as adjusted from time to time by FDR consistent with this
Agreement, with the exception of Special Fees and specifically excluding all
charges for taxes and interest.

      1.56 "Personal Information" is defined in Section 2.6 of this Agreement.


                                       4
<PAGE>
      1.57 "Processing Year" is defined in Section 8.1 of this Agreement.

      1.58 "Processing Year 1" is defined in Section 8.1 of this Agreement.

      1.59 "Purchaser" is defined in Section 3.3 of this Agreement.

      1.60 "Renewal Term" is defined in Section 8.2 of this Agreement.

      1.61 "Seller" is defined in Section 3.3 of this Agreement.

      1.62 "Services" is defined in Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

      1.63 "Settlement Account" is defined in Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

      1.64 "Settlement Late Payment Fee" is defined in Section 12.5 of this
Agreement.

      1.65 "Settlement System" is defined in Section 12 of this Agreement.

      1.66 "SLA" is defined in Section 13.2 of this Agreement.

      1.67 "Special Fees" means the tariff line rates, WATS lines rates, data
circuit charges or any other rates charged to FDR by a communications common
carrier, the United States Postal Service, any courier or other provider of
similar services, and any other charges and methods of reimbursement described
in Sections V and VI of Exhibit "A".

      1.68 "Standard Conversion Activities" means Data Mapping of files,
Conversion Mock, Conversion of files, Balancing Reports, Telecom Connectivity,
Training and Documentation, Standard Program Requests: Statement, Embossing/Card
Carrier Formats, Interface files in FDR Formats, ICASUBBY; and Custom
Development as appropriate to provide existing Customer processing capabilities.

      1.69 "Standard Transfer Activities" means ICASUBBY, Transfer Mock,
Transfer Balancing Reports, Cross Reference Build (if applicable) and Custom
Development as appropriate to provide existing Customer processing capabilities.

      1.70 "Surviving Entity" is defined in Section 3.5 of this Agreement.

      1.71 "Term" means the Original Term together with any Renewal Term or any
other extension of this Agreement.

      1.72 "Total Annual Processing Fees" is defined in Section 4.5 of this
Agreement.

      1.73 "Transaction Card" means a payment card issued by an Issuer pursuant
to a license from MasterCard, VISA or any other card-issuing organization for
which FDR currently provides service support. This shall include any small
business account card, purchasing account card or corporate travel and expense
card program offered by Customer for which FDR provides processing services.


                                       5
<PAGE>
      1.74 "Transaction Card Ticket" means a record (whether paper, magnetic,
electronic or otherwise) which is created to evidence the use of a Transaction
Card as payment for goods, services, cash advances or otherwise or for a credit
or refund or otherwise.

      1.75 "Unique Product" is defined in Section 3.1 of this
Agreement.

      1.76 "VISA" means, individually or collectively, as appropriate, VISA
U.S.A. Inc. or VISA INTERNATIONAL or either of their successors or assigns.

                                    ARTICLE 2
                                    SERVICES

      2.1 BASE SERVICES. FDR shall make available to and perform for Customer
the services described in Exhibit "A", except that the services described in
subsection (B) of Part IV of Exhibit A, though available for use by Customer,
are not utilized by Customer as of the date of this Agreement. Exhibit "A", as
may be agreed by FDR and Customer, and any document or service referred to as
Exhibit "A" shall be subject to revision by the mutual agreement of the parties
from time to time during the Term of this Agreement to reflect changes and
improvements to the FDR System or the services provided by FDR and offered
generally to FDR customers and to reflect any changes and improvements in the
specific services provided to Customer. Additionally, and without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, following completion of each of the first three
months of the provision of services pursuant to this Agreement, the parties will
review the services provided and will jointly address the possibility of
revising Exhibit A, Part IV.

      2.2 COMMUNICATION LINKS. FDR from time to time shall install, provide or
cause to be installed or provided the means for communicating data from its
facilities or equipment to the facilities or equipment of Customer, and third
parties designated by Customer as FDR and Customer mutually determine is
required to perform this Agreement. The method of transmission and the media
employed will be determined by FDR and Customer taking into consideration
relevant factors such as traffic type, inbound and outbound message sizes,
traffic loading distribution, and the equipment or devices which are or may be
used.

      2.3 NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. (a) FDR hereby agrees that if, during the
Term of this Agreement, FDR initiates a program with one or more customer(s) to
review, modify, test and enhance any new service or product which FDR intends to
offer generally to its customers, then FDR shall allow Customer the opportunity
to participate in such program (the "Pilot Program").

      (b) FDR hereby agrees that if, during the Term of this Agreement, FDR
offers generally to its customers any new service or product without the
establishment of a Pilot Program, then FDR shall notify Customer at the same
time that FDR first notifies its other customers of such new service or product
and when Customer commences to use such new service or product, Customer shall
pay for such service or product at the then current standard rate.

      2.4 PROGRAMMING SERVICES. FDR shall perform, at its expense, the computer
programming services necessary to effect the CCAD Implementation in accordance
with


                                       6
<PAGE>
Exhibit B attached hereto. Additionally, in connection with the services
provided by FDR pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, FDR shall perform, at
its expense, up to 1,000 hours of computer programming services during each of
Processing Years 2, 3 and 4 of this Agreement ("Free Programming"). FDR shall
charge, and Customer shall pay, $125 per hour for each hour of computer
programming services provided by FDR at the request of Customer in excess of
1,000 hours during a Processing Year. Unused hours of programming services from
one Processing Year shall not be carried forward into any other Processing Year.

      2.5 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. (a) Customer has reviewed the parameter settings
and options within the FDR System, as described in the User Manuals set forth in
Exhibit "A", Section I (which User Manuals are represented by FDR to be accurate
and complete), and has determined that FDR's System provides such features and
options which will, if properly selected by or on behalf of Customer, allow
Customer to comply with all applicable federal and state laws and contractual
agreements of Customer other than agreements with MasterCard, VISA or other
card-issuing organizations. To the extent that Customer notifies FDR of any
change in federal and state law, subject to the limitations set forth below, FDR
agrees at its expense to develop reasonable enhancements to the FDR System
responsive to the identified change in federal and state law as specifically
requested by Customer. The obligation of FDR set forth in the previous sentence
is subject to the following limitations:

            (i)   the change in federal and state law is generally applicable
                  and does not relate solely to a requirement or preference of
                  Customer;

            (ii)  if the responsive enhancement requested by Customer is
                  consistent with the response requested by the majority of the
                  affected client base, development of an enhancement responsive
                  to the change in law shall satisfy FDR's obligations under
                  this subsection (a);

            (iii) upon receipt of notice of the change in law with a detailed
                  explanation of the enhancement Customer deems necessary to
                  allow compliance with law, FDR will proceed diligently and in
                  good faith to develop and implement an appropriate enhancement
                  as soon as reasonably practicable and no later than 60 days
                  after receipt of such notice FDR will submit to Customer a
                  functional design of the requested enhancement, including
                  specified time frames for implementation to which FDR will
                  adhere;

            (iv)  FDR shall have a reasonable time from the date Customer
                  notifies FDR of the change in law and specifies the requested
                  enhancement in which to design, code, test and implement the
                  enhancement (in the determination of reasonableness, the
                  extent and impact of the change in law on the FDR client base,
                  the relative importance of other enhancements, the complexity
                  of the enhancement, and related issues of impact and resource
                  allocation and the effective date of the change in law shall
                  be considered); and

            (v)   the responsive enhancement requested by Customer does not
                  impose a burden on FDR (or the FDR System) to determine facts
                  not available on the FDR System, to make legal interpretations
                  or conclusions with respect


                                       7
<PAGE>
                  to state or federal law, or to in any way shift Customer's
                  compliance responsibility to FDR.

       (b) Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for
monitoring legal developments applicable to the operation of its business and
Transaction Card operations, interpreting applicable state and federal laws,
determining the requirements for compliance with all applicable state and
federal laws, and maintaining an ongoing compliance program. Customer
acknowledges that, while FDR advises its customers on compliance with
Association (VISA and MasterCard) rules, FDR provides Transaction Card
processing services to financial institutions chartered and regulated by various
state and federal agencies and nonfinancial institutions subject to different
regulatory oversight such that FDR cannot reasonably be expected to monitor or
interpret the laws applicable to its diverse customer base, or provide
compliance services to customers with respect to such laws. Consequently,
Customer agrees that FDR has no responsibility to monitor or interpret laws
applicable to Customer's business, to monitor or review the terms and conditions
of Customer's Transaction Card programs or Customer's selection of system
options and programming, or to assure that Customer's selection of any system
option or programming (either alone or acting in conjunction with other system
options and programming selected by Customer) is consistent with laws applicable
to Customer or the terms and conditions of Customer's credit agreements with, or
disclosure to, its Cardholders.

       (c) FDR shall be entitled to rely upon and use, without verification, any
and all information, data and instructions at any time submitted to FDR by
Customer having to do with Customer or Customer's Accounts, and FDR shall have
no responsibility or liability whatsoever for (i) the accuracy or inaccuracy
thereof, (ii) the wording or text authored or submitted by Customer to FDR, for
materials to be prepared or for other purposes, (iii) the wording or text
appearing on any forms, Transaction Cards or other materials furnished by
Customer to FDR, or (iv) any noncompliance of such information, data,
instruction, wording or text with applicable laws, or governmental rules or
regulations.

      2.6 PRIVACY OF PERSONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION. FDR and Customer
acknowledge the sensitivity and confidentiality of personal consumer financial
information which may be contained in Customer's Proprietary Information,
including all personally identifiable information relating to an individual
consumer in connection with a Customer's Account, any application for a
Customer's Account or the marketing or promotion of Customer's Accounts
("Personal Information"). In addition to the obligations of the parties under
Article 10, FDR and Customer acknowledge the protections afforded by law to such
Personal Information and each agrees to comply with all such legal requirements
applicable to it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
Specifically, Customer represents and warrants to FDR that Customer has provided
all required notices, opt-outs, opt-ins or other similar rights to consumers
with respect to any Personal Information delivered, transmitted or disclosed in
any other fashion (i) by Customer or its agents or representatives to FDR or its
agents and representatives, (ii) by FDR to any third party at the direction of
Customer, and (iii) with respect to each of the services provided by FDR under
this Agreement.

      2.7 THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE. It is understood that certain third-party
licensed software will be acquired or provided to Customer for use in connection
with the services described in the


                                       8
<PAGE>
Agreement. FDR agrees to and does hereby pass through to Customer any warranties
and indemnities provided by the third-party software vendors or suppliers that
are capable of being passed through. FDR agrees, to the extent reasonable and
practicable, to diligently exercise its rights relative to said third-party
licensed software for the benefit of Customer and to pass the allocable benefits
of any such exercise through to Customer.

      2.8 ENHANCEMENTS. (a) Customer may periodically request customizations,
enhancements, additions or modifications (each an "Enhancement") to the FDR
System. FDR shall evaluate all such requests and, if terms and conditions can be
agreed to (which shall include written specifications acceptable to and approved
by FDR, acting in good faith; and, except with respect to the Free Programming,
payment by Customer of FDR's development charges), FDR shall develop and
implement each such Enhancement pursuant to terms, conditions and specifications
mutually agreed to by the parties in writing prior to FDR's commencing work on
the Enhancement. Such written terms and conditions may, but need not
necessarily, include a period during which the Enhancement will be used solely
by and for the benefit of Customer. FDR will consider all such Customer requests
for Enhancement exclusivity periods in good faith. The parties understand and
agree that FDR is under no obligation to develop or implement any Enhancement if
terms and conditions (including specifications) acceptable to FDR, acting in
good faith, cannot be agreed to. Customer has the right, upon notice and at all
reasonable times and subject to applicable FDR confidentiality and security
policies, procedures and restrictions, to inspect the results of the Enhancement
development and implementation services provided by FDR. Enhancements shall be
accepted only upon written notice of acceptance from Customer, which may only be
withheld for their material failure to comply with applicable specifications.
Such specifications shall be agreed to by the parties in writing prior to FDR's
commencing work on the Enhancement. FDR shall promptly correct any such defects
at its own expense as a condition of Customer's acceptance. Timing of any
Enhancement is subject to scheduling and prioritization by FDR of FDR's
available resources; provided, however, that FDR shall comply with all
applicable milestones and deadlines agreed to by the parties in writing. The FDR
System and any Enhancements shall remain solely the property of FDR, and, except
for the license provided pursuant to Section 2.8(b), Customer shall acquire no
right, claim or interest in the FDR System or any Enhancement.

      (b) With respect to Enhancements either paid for by Customer or developed
for Customer using the Free Programming, FDR hereby grants to Customer a
worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as permitted in
Section 14.1 below) license to use said Enhancements (including, without
limitation, any ideas, concepts, inventions, know-how, drawings, specifications,
flowcharts and other documentation that are conceived, created or reduced to
practice by FDR as a result of the development and/or implementation of said
Enhancements) for its internal business and that of its Affiliates; provided,
however, that the license does not extend to or include any other part of the
FDR System, or any third-party software or other third-party intellectual
property that is a part of said Enhancements, which such third-party software or
other third-party intellectual property will be identified to Customer by FDR in
writing upon FDR's completion of the design specification process. Apart from
this limited license to use certain parts of certain Enhancements, nothing in
this Section shall be deemed to grant Customer any right to use the FDR System
other than as specifically allowed in this Agreement. Nor shall anything in this
Section be deemed to grant FDR any rights in Customer's Proprietary Information
other than those specifically allowed in this Agreement. For


                                       9
<PAGE>
the avoidance of doubt, the CCAD Implementation shall not be considered an
Enhancement for purposes of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 3
                     EXCLUSIVITY AND EXECUTION BY AFFILIATES

      3.1 SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE PROVIDER. (a) Except with respect to Excluded
Arrangements, during the Term of this Agreement, (i) FDR shall be the sole and
exclusive provider, in North America, to Customer of all Core Processing
Services; (ii) Customer shall not, in North America, perform or provide any Core
Processing Services for Customer without the consent of FDR; and (iii) Customer
shall not agree with any third party to have such third party perform or
provide, in North America, any Core Processing Services to Customer. An
"Excluded Arrangement" is a written agreement between Customer and an Entity
other than FDR, meeting all the following criteria: (i) it is entered into with
an Issuer whose transactions are not processed by FDR, with respect to the
issuance of Transaction Cards outside the United States; (ii) it is entered into
following the date of this Agreement; (iii) it is entered into for purposes of
facilitating Customer's Transaction Card issuing capabilities outside the United
States. "Core Processing Services" means the Services marked with an "X" on
Exhibit A, to the extent provided by FDR and used by Customer on the date of
this Agreement with respect to Transaction Cards issued by Customer pursuant to
a license from VISA or Master Card. The sole and exclusive rights of FDR set
forth in this Agreement shall be limited to the Services marked with an "X" on
Exhibit A.

      (b) If, after the execution of this Agreement, Customer requires any
transaction processing services or products related to Customer's Transaction
Card business not required by Customer on the date of this Agreement, Customer
grants FDR an opportunity to bid on the provision of such services or products.
If FDR's proposal is acceptable to Customer (including with respect to the cost,
quality and time periods requested by Customer), FDR shall provide such services
or products on terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon. If FDR's
proposal is not acceptable, then Customer may perform or provide for itself, or
have a third party perform or provide, the service or product.

      (c) Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prevent Customer from
receiving data from the FDR System on a daily, weekly and/or monthly basis to be
loaded into Customer's data warehouse for reporting, analytical and marketing
purposes, or to support Customer's operational processes, including, without
limitation, Customer's voice response units, Cardholder website, collections
dialer, and other user interfaces. In addition, nothing in this Section 3.1
shall be deemed to prevent Customer from (i) granting its third-party vendors
controlled access to certain Customer data on the FDR System from a
Customer-defined screen, (ii) delivering customer files from its data warehouse
to third parties for the purpose of producing and distributing marketing offers
to customers, or (iii) sending Customer data retrieved from the FDR System to
third parties for assistance in model development or other analytical purposes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this subsection (c) shall: (i) limit
or alter, by implication or otherwise, the undertakings and obligations of the
parties as set forth in this Agreement, specifically including but not limited
to those set forth in Section 2.6, Article 5 and Article 10; or (ii) create any
license or rights by implication, estoppel or otherwise under any patents or
other intellectual property rights owned or licensed by FDR.


                                       10
<PAGE>
      3.2 EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT BY CUSTOMER'S AFFILIATES. If, after the
execution of this Agreement, Customer Acquires one or more Affiliates, each such
Affiliate shall become subject to this Agreement. Each such Affiliate which has
a Bank Identification Number (BIN) with VISA or an Interbank Clearing Account
(ICA) with MasterCard which is different from that of Customer shall become a
party to this Agreement by signing a Customer's Affiliate Agreement
substantially similar to the one set forth as Exhibit "D". Customer and each of
Customer's Affiliates which executes a Customer's Affiliate Agreement, in
addition to the terms of the Customer's Affiliate Agreement, agree that:

      (a) Customer shall have full authority to represent Customer's Affiliates
and to act fully on Customer's Affiliates' behalf in connection with this
Agreement and the Customer's Affiliate Agreement including the negotiation with
FDR of any amendments, extensions or revisions of this Agreement or the
Customer's Affiliate Agreement, the assertion, negotiation and resolution of any
controversy, dispute or claim under this Agreement or the Customer's Affiliate
Agreement and the execution or delivery of any documents.

      (b) If Customer shall fail to pay any amounts due under this Agreement,
including but not limited to any Processing Fees, Special Fees, Liquidated
Damages or other fees, taxes, interest payments, charges or amounts due or
payable by Customer, each of Customer's Affiliates shall pay FDR on demand the
portion of the amounts due from Customer to FDR for services performed by FDR
for or on behalf of such Customer's Affiliate including a percentage of any
applicable Liquidated Damages, which approximates the percentage that the
Processing Fees relating to processing for such Customer's Affiliate are of the
total Processing Fees under this Agreement. Processing Fees paid by Customer's
Affiliates shall count against the Customer's Minimum Processing Fees
requirement.

      3.3 ACQUISITION OF PORTFOLIOS OR ENTITIES SERVICED BY FDR. If, after the
execution of this Agreement, Customer Acquires (i) any Transaction Card Accounts
from an Entity (a "Seller") (other than in connection with the acquisition of
Seller) or (ii) an Entity, in either case for which FDR then provides services
similar to the Services then being performed by FDR for Customer (an "FDR
Processed Portfolio"), then FDR shall continue to perform such services pursuant
to the then governing services agreement (the "Other Agreement") through its
expiration date. On the expiration or termination of the Other Agreement, the
FDR Processed Portfolio shall be processed in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. The transfer of the FDR Processed Portfolio from the Seller's
masterfiles on the FDR System to the Purchaser's masterfiles on the FDR System
shall occur as soon as practicable. However, Customer may terminate the Other
Agreement prior to its expiration date and process the FDR Processed Portfolio
under this Agreement, provided, however, that the Seller or Customer (in the
case of an acquired Entity) shall remain liable for the payment of any amounts
owed FDR under the Other Agreement by reason of such termination or otherwise.
Customer and FDR shall share the costs of Standard Transfer Activities relating
to such FDR Processed Portfolio on a 50/50 basis.

      3.4 ACQUISITION OF PORTFOLIOS OR ENTITIES NOT SERVICED BY FDR. If, after
the execution of this Agreement, Customer Acquires (i) any North American
Transaction Card Accounts from a Seller (other than in connection with the
acquisition of Seller) or (ii) an Entity based in North America, in either case
for which FDR does not provide services similar to the Services then being
performed by FDR for Customer (a "Non FDR Processed Portfolio"),


                                       11
<PAGE>
Customer shall convert such Non FDR Processed Portfolio to the FDR System within
twelve (12) months after the closing of the acquisition, or, if Customer is
bound by the terms of an existing agreement to obtain processing services for
such Non FDR Processed Portfolio from another party (a "Non FDR Agreement"),
upon the expiration of the then remaining term of the Non FDR Agreement,
whichever is later. However, if the Non FDR Agreement permits early termination
upon payment of specified termination fees, Customer and FDR will agree to
terminate the Non FDR Agreement prior to its expiration and to have FDR provide
Services for the Non FDR Processed Portfolio under this Agreement if FDR pays
any termination fees required under such Non FDR Agreement, unless Customer, in
its good faith judgment, requests a deferral of conversion for a period not to
exceed six (6) months. Customer and FDR shall share, on a 50/50 basis, the costs
and expenses of Standard Conversion Activities with respect to the conversion of
the Non FDR Processed Portfolio to the Purchaser's masterfiles on the FDR
System.

      3.5 MERGER OR CHANGE OF CONTROL. If there is a change of Control of
Customer or if Customer is merged into an Entity and such Entity is the survivor
of such merger (in either case, the "Surviving Entity"), then the provisions of
this Agreement shall continue to apply to all Transaction Card Accounts then
processed under this Agreement, but not to other Transaction Card Accounts of
the Surviving Entity or any of its affiliates. Except as otherwise set forth in
this Section 3.5, (i) as Customer's successor-in-interest, the Surviving Entity
shall continue to be bound by Customer's obligations hereunder and (ii) there
shall be no reduction in the Minimum Processing Fees set forth in Section 4.5.

      3.6 DISPOSITION OF TRANSACTION CARD ACCOUNT PORTFOLIOS. Upon the sale of
all or any portion of Customer's Transaction Card Accounts (the "Former
Transaction Card Accounts") FDR will no longer be obligated to provide services
for the Former Transaction Card Accounts pursuant to this Agreement and there
shall be no reduction in the Minimum Processing Fees set forth in Section 4.5;
provided, however, that Customer shall receive credit against the Minimum
Processing Fees in the amount of fees paid by the successor if the accounts are
processed by FDR for the successor under terms and conditions substantially
similar to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

      3.7 POSSIBLE PRICE ADJUSTMENT. If at any time while this Agreement is in
effect the number of Transaction Card Accounts processed by FDR under this
Agreement substantially increases as a result of the acquisition by Customer of
one or more Entities or portfolios of Transaction Card Accounts, then FDR will,
at the request of Customer, negotiate in good faith with Customer with a view
toward adopting a modification of the fees and charges hereunder that gives
reasonable and appropriate effect to the increased processing activity and any
material unit cost reductions resulting therefrom.

                                   ARTICLE 4
                              PAYMENT FOR SERVICES

      4.1 FEES AND CHARGES. The initial Processing Fees for the services to be
performed (or, in the case of subsection (B) of Part IV of Exhibit A, to be
performed only at and following such time as Customer requests their
performance) under this Agreement are set forth in Exhibit "A". Exhibit "A" also
contains initial prices to be charged or methods for computing


                                       12
<PAGE>
charges by FDR for Special Fees, such as, but not limited to reimbursements,
assessments and pass through fees.

      4.2 PRICE INCREASES. (a) subject to the final sentence of this Section
4.2(a), FDR may increase the fees and charges set forth in Section IV of Exhibit
"A" by notice to Customer, as follows; provided, however, that FDR shall not be
allowed to increase such fees and charges at any time while this Agreement is in
effect, unless the percentage change in the Consumer Price Index ("CPI") during
the calculation period described below for any Processing Year of the Original
Term after Processing Year 1 thereof is greater than four percent (4%), in which
case FDR may increase the Processing Fees which were in effect for the
immediately preceding Processing Year (the "Old Year") by an amount not to
exceed in the aggregate three quarters (3/4) of the percentage change in the CPI
over four percent (4%) during a period described below; provided, however, that
in no event shall such increase be less than 0% nor more than 6%. For purposes
of this paragraph, the CPI shall be the index compiled by the United States
Department of Labor's Bureau of Labor Statistics, Consumer Price Index for All
Urban Consumers (CPI-U) having a base of 100 in 1982-84, using that portion of
the index which appears under the caption "All Items." The CPI percentage shall
be communicated to Customer within forty-five (45) days of the end of each
Processing Year. The CPI will be expressed as a percentage determined by simple
average over the twelve (12) month period of the prior year. Any such adjustment
to the Processing Fees will be effective on the first day of each Processing
Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount by which FDR may
increase the fees and charges set forth in Section IV of Exhibit A during the
Original Term shall be capped at nine percent (9%).

       (b) If, at any time while this Agreement is in effect, there is a change
in the charges to FDR for items which are included in the Special Fees,
including tariff line rates, WATS lines rates, data circuit charges or other
rates charged to FDR by any communications common carrier, The United States
Postal Service, any courier or other provider of similar services, or if FDR
obtains communication or other services included in the Special Fees by another
method resulting in a change in the charges to FDR for the items, FDR shall
change by an equal amount the amount of Special Fees Customer is then paying FDR
for the items under this Agreement. If additional services are added which are
to be included in the Special Fees, FDR shall increase by an equal amount the
amount of the Special Fees Customer is then paying FDR for the items under this
Agreement, effective on the effective date of the increase to FDR, or add the
amount for the additional services effective on the beginning date of the
additional service.

      (c) If, at any time while this Agreement is in effect, the prices charged
to FDR for forms associated with first class mailing should be changed by FDR's
then current forms vendor(s), then FDR shall have the right to change, by an
equal amount, the prices charged to Customer in Exhibit "A" which are impacted
by such change in forms costs, including but not limited to Cardholder and
Merchant Statements, Letters and Notices. Any such change shall be effective on
the effective date of the change to FDR.

      (d) In determining increases pursuant to subsections (b) or (c) above,
credit shall be given for any incentives or special accommodations received by
FDR from its suppliers. FDR will give Customer 60 days prior notice of a change
in a significant supplier.


                                       13
<PAGE>
      4.3 METHOD OF PAYMENT. To facilitate the payment of Processing Fees,
Special Fees and any related tax payments due or payable to FDR under this
Agreement, Customer will provide FDR with access to a bank account of Customer's
funds not requiring signature including notifying FDR of the demand deposit
account number and transit routing number for the account. FDR may draw upon the
bank account daily to pay Processing Fees, Special Fees and related tax payments
due or payable to FDR under the terms of this Agreement. The detailed records of
the amounts drawn on the account of Customer will be provided by FDR to Customer
on a daily or monthly basis according to the nature of the transaction or charge
including, as applicable, the transaction types, prices, volumes and charges, or
the details of other fees, taxes, interest payments, charges or amounts.

      4.4 INTEREST. If FDR is unable to obtain payment of Processing Fees,
Special Fees, Liquidated Damages or any other fee, tax interest payment, charge
or amount due or payable to FDR under this Agreement at the time provided for
payment under this Agreement, the unpaid amount of any Processing Fees, Special
Fees, Liquidated Damages or other fee, tax, interest payment, charge or amount
shall bear interest, beginning on the date due, at The Wall Street Journal prime
rate as published from time to time, such rate to be adjusted automatically,
without notice, on the effective date of such change in rate, plus three percent
(3%) per annum. The Wall Street Journal prime rate is the "prime rate" (or high
point of any range of "prime rates") established for that date by the financial
institutions surveyed by The Wall Street Journal in publishing its "Money Rates"
(or any replacement) Table. The prime rate for any date will appear in The Wall
Street Journal on its first publication date after the particular date. If for
any reason no such information is published in The Wall Street Journal for four
consecutive days, and if the New York Times is then publishing a similar table
that only includes the "prime rates" of financial institutions surveyed by The
Wall Street Journal immediately prior to such time, the appropriate New York
Times table will be used until The Wall Street Journal resumes publishing the
necessary information. If neither newspaper publishes such information for four
consecutive days, Customer and FDR will select a substitute index that produces
a similar rate.

      4.5 MINIMUM FEES. In Processing Year 1 of the Original Term, Customer will
require and shall pay FDR for processing services sufficient to generate
aggregate Processing Fees of at least $4,000,000. In each Processing Year after
Processing Year 1 of the Original Term and in the Renewal Term, Customer shall
pay FDR for processing services sufficient to generate aggregate Processing Fees
at least equal to the greater of (i) 80% of the Processing Fees paid during the
immediately preceding Processing Year and (ii) $4,000,000 (the "Minimum
Processing Fees"). FDR shall calculate the total Processing Fees paid by
Customer in respect of services performed during each Processing Year (the
"Total Annual Processing Fees") within ninety (90) days after the end of each
Processing Year and will, after ten (10) days written notice to Customer, draw
upon Customer's account pursuant to Section 4.3 for the amount, if any, by which
the Minimum Processing Fees for the Processing Year exceed the Total Annual
Processing Fees for the Processing Year (such amount a "Minimum Fee Shortfall").

      4.6 TAXES. (a) Customer shall, in addition to the other amounts payable
under this Agreement, pay all taxes, federal, state or otherwise, or duties,
imposts, fees or charges, however designated, which are levied or imposed by any
governmental authority by reason of the sale or license of any services,
communication equipment, software or other goods and products covered by this
Agreement except for income taxes payable by FDR on amounts earned by FDR.


                                       14
<PAGE>
Without limiting the foregoing, Customer shall promptly pay to FDR an amount
equal to any items actually paid or required to be collected or paid by FDR.

       (b) Customer hereby authorizes FDR to calculate the total amount of sales
taxes due by Customer from the monies due FDR and remit the amount of sales
taxes to the appropriate taxing authority on behalf of Customer. FDR's
remittance of the sales taxes on behalf of Customer shall be computed by FDR on
the information available to FDR. FDR shall provide Customer with copies of all
such computations and records of payment. In the event of under or
overvaluations, as the case may be, Customer shall be responsible for any
additional monies due including any penalties or interest and for collecting any
refunds due to Customer from the appropriate taxing authority; provided,
however, that if the error is the result of the negligence of FDR, then FDR
shall be responsible for any penalties associated with such tax.

       (c) Prior to FDR making the sales tax remittance on behalf of Customer
provided in Section 4.6(b), Customer agrees to supply FDR with any and all
current information necessary for FDR to compute and remit the taxes, including
any tax exempt certificate, any tax exempt claim letter, or evidence
satisfactory to FDR authenticating the exemption. At the time of the execution
of this Agreement, Customer's Tax Identification Number is 23-2597173.

      4.7 GROWTH CREDIT. Within ninety (90) days after the end of each
Processing Year, FDR shall calculate the Adjusted Gross Processing Fees for such
Processing Year. If the Adjusted Gross Processing Fees for such Processing Year
is greater than $7,500,000, then Customer shall receive from FDR a credit or
credits for such Processing Year based on the following credit levels:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     Adjusted Gross
                     Processing Fees           Credit
                     ---------------           ------
<S>                                            <C>
                $0 -- $7,500,000                   0%
                $7,500,001 -- $9,000,000         5.0%
                $9,000,001 -- $10,500,000       10.0%
                $10,500,001 -- over             12.5%
</TABLE>

      For example, if Adjusted Gross Processing Fees for Processing Year 1 are
$11,000,000, Customer will be entitled to a credit of $1,375,000, or 12.5% of
the Adjusted Gross Processing Fees charged to Customer. The credit or credits,
computed as set forth in this Section 4.7, shall be applied by FDR against
future Processing Fees as they become due from Customer, and shall be reflected
on the first monthly invoice following completion of their computation. Upon
termination of this Agreement any unused credit or portion thereof shall be
applied by FDR against the amounts due from Customer pursuant to Section 9.4 or
Section 9.6 and any remaining amount shall be paid to Customer.

      4.8 ADDITIONAL CREDIT. In consideration of Customer's execution of this
Agreement, FDR shall pay to Customer, by check, the non-refundable amount of
$400,000 within seven (7) business days of the execution of this Agreement.


                                       15
<PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE 5
                                 INDEMNIFICATION

      5.1 CUSTOMER'S INDEMNIFICATION. Subject to the provisions of Article 6 of
this Agreement, Customer shall indemnify, protect and hold harmless FDR and its
directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates and their assigns from and
against any and all claims, liabilities, demands, disputes, losses and damages
together with all costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable attorney
fees, expert witness fees, expenses and costs of settlement) imposed in any
manner upon or accruing against FDR, its directors, officers, employees, agents,
Affiliates or their assigns arising out of or with respect to:

      (a) The negligence of Customer;

      (b) The breach by Customer of any representation or warranty of Customer
set forth in Section 11.2 of this Agreement, including but not limited to any
amount which FDR may be called upon to pay under the applicable rules of VISA or
MasterCard with respect to any Interchange obligations of Customer following the
failure of FDR to receive any Daily Amount; or

      (c) FDR's payment of fees and charges relating to Customer's Accounts
pursuant to Section 12.11, Trailing Activity.

Customer will, at its own expense, at Customer's election or if FDR, its
Affiliates or their assigns so request, defend any action or proceeding brought
against FDR, its Affiliates or their assigns, in connection with any such claim
liability, demand or dispute. Customer shall not have any obligation to
indemnify FDR against any claim, liability, loss or damage that FDR or its
directors, officers, employees, agents or Affiliates may suffer arising out of
FDR's negligent performance of any of the services provided under this Agreement
or out of the willful misconduct of FDR, its employees or agents.

      5.2 FDR'S INDEMNIFICATION. Subject to the provisions of Article 6 of this
Agreement, FDR shall indemnify Customer and its directors, officers, employees,
agents and Affiliates and their assigns from and against any and all claims,
liabilities, demands, disputes, losses and damages together with all costs,
charges and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees, expert witness fees,
expenses and costs of settlement) imposed in any manner upon or accruing against
Customer, its directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates or their
assigns arising out of or with respect to (a) FDR's negligence or negligent
performance of any of the services provided under this Agreement; (b) the breach
by FDR of any representation or warranty set forth in Section 11.1 of this
Agreement; or (c) a claim or action against Customer for actual or alleged
infringement of any patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights
of any person by the FDR System, FDR services, any proprietary software of FDR
provided in connection with this Agreement, any Enhancements or work product
created by FDR pursuant to Section 2.8 above, or any part thereof, except to the
extent such claim is caused by or arises from (i) Customer's failure to use the
FDR System as permitted under this Agreement; (ii) Customer's use of the FDR
System or FDR services in combination with other software or systems not
expressly authorized by FDR; (iii) if all or part of the FDR System may be used
in either a way that does not infringe a United States patent of a third party
or in a way that does infringe such


                                       16
<PAGE>
patent, any claim alleging infringement by the FDR System due to the way
Customer chooses to configure the FDR System, provided that if Customer
requests, pursuant to Section 2.8(a), that FDR assist Customer in configuring
the FDR System, or that FDR configure the FDR System on Customer's behalf in
accordance with Customer's instructions, then FDR will, prior to agreeing in
writing pursuant to Section 2.8(a) to furnish such assistance, disclose to
Customer all material information relating to any actual infringement claims
arising from the requested configuration of which FDR has Actual Knowledge; (iv)
services or portions of services where FDR does not provide each and every
element of the patented functions of the allegedly infringing process or systems
covered or implicated by any of the United States patents within the patent
portfolio held by Ronald A. Katz Technology Licensing, LP and any related
patents, provided that if Customer requests, pursuant to Section 2.8(a), that
FDR assist Customer in configuring the FDR System, or that FDR configure the FDR
System on Customer's behalf in accordance with Customer's instructions, then FDR
will, prior to agreeing in writing pursuant to Section 2.8(a) to furnish such
assistance, disclose to Customer all material information relating to any actual
infringement claims arising from the requested configuration of which FDR has
Actual Knowledge; (v) the combination of the FDR System or FDR services with
software, systems, hardware or processes which are not provided by FDR; or (vi)
actual or alleged infringement of United States patent number 5,025,372, titled
"System and Method for Administration of Incentive Award Program Through the Use
of Credit". For purposes hereof, "Actual Knowledge" means, subject to any
applicable confidentiality restrictions, the actual knowledge, as of the date
hereof, of the seven attorneys currently employed by FDR in the general
counsel's office, of infringement claims involving United States patents which
have been made in writing against FDR after December 31, 1999, or which have
been made in writing against an FDR customer after December 31, 1999 where a
copy of which such writing has been provided to the attorneys in the FDR general
counsel's office, and the actual knowledge acquired by the attorneys then
employed by FDR in the general counsel's office of infringement claims involving
United States patents which may hereafter be made in writing against FDR, or
which may hereafter be made in writing against an FDR customer where a copy of
such writing has been provided to the attorneys in the FDR general counsel's
office, it being understood that the attorneys of the FDR general counsel's
office have not and will not be required to undertake any inquiry or review of
any other employees or representatives of FDR or of any public records or
information from any source whatsoever.

      FDR will, at its own expense, if Customer, its Affiliates or their assigns
so request, defend any action or proceeding brought against Customer, its
Affiliates or their assigns, in connection with any such liability, claim,
demand or dispute. FDR shall not have any obligation to indemnify Customer
against any claim, liability, loss or damage that Customer or its assigns or
their respective directors, officers, employees or agents may suffer arising
solely out of Customer's negligent performance under this Agreement or solely
out of the willful misconduct of Customer, its employees or agents.

      5.3 NOTIFICATION. In the event a claim, suit or proceeding by a third
party for which indemnification may be available under this Agreement is made or
filed against a party or any Entity, the party against which the claim, suit or
proceeding is made (the "Indemnified Party"), shall promptly notify the other
party (the "Indemnifying Party") in writing of the claim, suit or proceeding.
The Indemnifying Party, within thirty (30) days, or such shorter period as is
required to avoid any prejudice in the claim, suit or proceeding, after the
notice, may elect to


                                       17
<PAGE>
defend, compromise, or settle the third party claim, suit or proceeding at its
expense. In any third party claim, suit or proceeding which the Indemnifying
Party has elected to defend, compromise or settle, the Indemnifying Party shall
not after the election be responsible for the expenses, including counsel fees,
of the Indemnified Party but the Indemnified Party may participate therein and
retain counsel at its own expense. In any third party claim, suit or proceeding
the defense of which the Indemnifying Party shall have assumed, the Indemnified
Party will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
with respect to the matter without the consent of the Indemnifying Party and the
Indemnifying Party will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into
any settlement affecting the Indemnified Party, to the extent that the judgment
or settlement involves more than the payment of money, without the written
consent of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall provide to the
Indemnifying Party all information, assistance and authority reasonably
requested in order to evaluate any third party claim, suit or proceeding and
effect any defense, compromise or settlement.

      5.4 CLAIMS PERIOD. Any claim for indemnification under this Agreement must
be made prior to the earlier of:

      (a) One year after the party claiming indemnification becomes aware of the
claim, suit or proceeding for which indemnification is claimed or

      (b) With respect to claims for indemnification pursuant to Section 5.2(c),
five years after the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the
expiration of the Term of this Agreement; and with respect to all other claims
for indemnification, two years after the earlier of the termination of this
Agreement or the expiration of the Term of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 6
                             LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

      6.1 LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. (a) Except as provided in Section 6.1(b), the
cumulative liability of each party for any loss or damage, for any cause
whatsoever (including, but not limited to any representations made by such party
pursuant to Section 11.1, Section 11.2 or any other cause arising out of or
related to this Agreement) with respect to claims relating to events in any one
Processing Year shall not under any circumstances exceed the amount of the
Processing Fees paid to FDR pursuant to this Agreement for services performed in
the immediately preceding Processing Year, and in the case of Processing Year 1,
the Minimum Processing Fees specified in Section 4.5.

      (b) Notwithstanding the limitation of liability provided in Section 6.1
(a), in the event the liability of a party arises as a result of:

            (i) a breach of its obligations under Article 10;

            (ii) in the case of FDR, a claim or action that may be asserted or
      brought against Customer for which FDR is required to indemnify pursuant
      to Section 5.2(c) above or relating to software provided by other
      third-party software vendors;

            (iii) the wrongful intentional misconduct of such party; or


                                       18
<PAGE>
            (iv)  the gross negligence of such party;

then the cumulative liability of such party for any such loss or damage for any
cause whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any representations made by
such party pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, as the case may be) or any
other cause arising out of or related to this Agreement with respect to claims
relating to events in any one Processing Year shall not under any circumstances
exceed two times the amount of the Processing Fees paid to FDR pursuant to this
Agreement for services performed in the immediately preceding Processing Year;
and in the case of Processing Year 1, two times the Minimum Processing Fee
specified in Section 4.5.

      6.2 NO SPECIAL DAMAGES. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF A
BREACH OF SECTION 6.1(b)(i), (ii) or (iii), IN NO EVENT SHALL FDR OR CUSTOMER BE
LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY OF TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR
EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EACH OF WHICH IS HEREBY EXCLUDED BY AGREEMENT
OF THE PARTIES REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT FDR OR CUSTOMER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

                                    ARTICLE 7
                            DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 11.1 HEREIN, FDR SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT, EACH OF
WHICH IS HEREBY EXCLUDED BY AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES. FDR AND CUSTOMER HEREBY
AGREE THAT FDR'S OBLIGATIONS TO CUSTOMER ARE RELATED TO FDR PROVIDING SERVICES,
THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS A SERVICE AGREEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE UNIFORM
COMMERCIAL CODE AND THEREFORE THE PROVISIONS OF THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE
SHALL NOT APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT.

                                   ARTICLE 8
                                TERM OF AGREEMENT

      8.1 TERM. This Agreement is effective from the date hereof and shall
extend for four (4) Processing Years (the "Original Term"). Processing Year 1 of
the Term shall commence on January 1, 2002 and continue through December 31,
2002. For purposes of this Agreement, a Processing Year means Processing Year 1
and each twelve (12) month period commencing on the first day following
completion of the immediately-preceding Processing Year and ending on the last
day of the twelfth (12th) month thereafter.

      8.2 RENEWAL. After the Original Term, this Agreement shall automatically
be renewed for one (1) period of one (1) Processing Year, (a "Renewal Term")
unless either party


                                       19
<PAGE>
gives the other party written notice at least six (6) months prior to the
termination date of the Original Term that the Agreement will not be renewed.

                                   ARTICLE 9
                                  TERMINATION

      9.1 TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY FDR. Despite anything to the contrary
herein contained, FDR, at its option, may terminate this Agreement under the
following circumstances:

      (a) If Customer fails to maintain the account established in Section 4.3
during the Term of this Agreement;

      (b) If FDR is unable to receive payment from Customer because sufficient
funds are not available in the account established pursuant to Section 4.3 and
Customer, within twenty-four (24) hours after written notice to Customer, fails
to provide and maintain sufficient funds in the account to permit FDR to receive
full payment from the account or immediately without notice if FDR has the right
more than three times in any twelve month period to give notice under this
Section 9.1(b) whether or not the notice is given;

      (c) Immediately without notice upon the termination of Customer's
membership in VISA or MasterCard or either of their successors in interest with
the effect that Customer has membership in neither VISA nor MasterCard or their
respective successors in interest, or if FDR has the right to give notice to
MasterCard and VISA (or to one of them if Customer is not then a member of both)
under Section 12 whether or not the notice is given (provided, however, that if
such notice of termination is effective to a Customer's Affiliate but not
Customer, then such termination shall not give FDR the right to terminate this
Agreement in relation to Customer or to any other Customer's Affiliate);

      (d) If Customer fails to pay any Daily Amount when required under Article
12 of this Agreement and does not cure the failure within four (4) hours after
written notice to Customer of the failure or immediately without notice if FDR
has the right more than three times in any twelve month period to give notice
under this Section 9.l(d) whether or not the notice is given;

      (e) If Customer fails to pay any amount due under this Agreement which
does not give rise to the right to terminate under any other provision of this
Section 9 within twenty-four (24) hours after written notice to Customer of its
failure to pay the amount;

      (f) Upon twenty-four (24) hours notice by FDR if FDR has terminated
Interchange Settlement of transactions on behalf of Customer pursuant to Section
12 for more than ten (10) consecutive days or for more than twenty (20) days in
any Processing Year;

      (g) Immediately without notice to Customer, if any Insolvency Event occurs
with respect to Customer.

The rights of FDR to terminate under this Section 9 are cumulative and the
existence of the right under any provision or subsection is not exclusive of the
right under any other provision or subsection.


                                       20
<PAGE>
      9.2 TERMINATION BY CUSTOMER. Despite anything to the contrary herein
contained, Customer, at its option, may terminate this Agreement under the
following circumstances:

      (a) Immediately without notice to FDR in the event any Insolvency Event
occurs with respect to FDR;

      (b) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.2, with respect to the
Performance Standards; and

      (c) Immediately upon notice to FDR, if FDR, in connection with a merger or
acquisition, acquires, directly or indirectly: (i) substantially all of the
assets of a competitor of Customer; or (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the
outstanding voting stock of a competitor of Customer. For purposes of this
Section 9.2(c), a competitor of Customer shall be defined as each of the top
fifty commercial card issuers based on managed balances as set forth on the most
recently published (determined as of the date of the acquisition) Nilson list of
credit card issuers, or, if such list shall cease to exist, on the Faulkner and
Gray list of credit card issuers, or, if such list shall cease to exist, on the
American Banker list of credit card issuers.

The rights of Customer to terminate under this Section 9.2 are cumulative and
the existence of the right under any provision or subsection is not exclusive of
the right under any other provision or subsection.

      9.3 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon the termination of this Agreement, FDR
shall have no further obligation to provide services to Customer and all
outstanding unpaid amounts due and owing to FDR under the terms of this
Agreement shall become immediately due and payable and any amount due to
Customer for services provided in the Processing Year in which this Agreement is
terminated shall become immediately due and payable by FDR. The termination of
this Agreement shall not affect the following:

      (a) The obligation of Customer to pay for services rendered or any other
obligation or liability owing or which becomes owing under this Agreement
whether the obligations arise prior to or after the date of termination,
including the obligations to make the payments provided in Sections 9.4, 12.11
and Article 4.

      (b) Any rebate or other payment due to Customer for services provided in
the Processing Year in which this Agreement is terminated.

      (c) The obligations in Section III of Exhibit A in connection with the
InfoSight Software;

      (d) The provisions of Article 5 or any other indemnification obligations
of either party;

      (e) The provisions of Article 6;

      (f) The provisions of Article 7;


                                       21
<PAGE>
      (g) The provisions of Article 10 or any other confidentiality obligations
of either party;

      (h) The obligation of FDR to provide Deconversion assistance as provided
in Section 9.6;

      (i) The obligation of FDR to provide services under this Agreement
following receipt of the notice of termination and prior to the effective date
of the termination of the Agreement and until Deconversion is complete; and

      (j) The license in the Enhancements granted pursuant to Section 2.8(b)
above and the rights in information and materials incident to Evolve Customer
Modifications which are recognized in Section III.E. (2)(b)(ii) of Exhibit "A".

      9.4 PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION. Despite anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, if FDR terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1 at any time
prior to the expiration of the Term, Customer shall pay to FDR upon the
termination, and prior to Deconversion, an amount equal to the sum of:

      (a) Minimum Processing Fees, as set forth in Section 4.5, for the
Processing Year in which the termination occurs (after crediting Customer for
any Processing Fees paid for services provided in the Processing Year); and

      (b) Liquidated Damages calculated as set forth in Section 9.5.

      9.5 LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. (a) The prices for services under this Agreement
were determined by mutual agreement based upon certain assumed volumes of
processing activity and the length of the Term of this Agreement.

      (b) Customer acknowledges that without the certainty of revenue from the
Minimum Processing Fees provided in Section 4.5, FDR would have been unwilling
to provide processing services at the prices set forth in this Agreement.

      (c) The parties agree it would be difficult or impossible to ascertain
FDR's actual damages for a termination by FDR pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof
before the end of the Term. The parties further agree that an amount equal to
the sum of (i) 25% of the sum of the present values of the Minimum Processing
Fees in each full Processing Year which remains during the Term of this
Agreement, plus (ii) the product of $8,500 multiplied by the number of months,
if any, which remain in the Original Term (the "Liquidated Damages") is a
reasonable estimation of the actual damages which FDR would suffer if FDR were
to fail to receive the processing business for the full Term.

      (d) In determining the present value of any amount, an interest rate equal
to the three (3) month Treasury Bill Rate, as quoted by The Wall Street Journal
as the rate in effect on the date on which termination occurs, shall be assumed
and the payments shall be assumed to be made on the first day of each Processing
Year.


                                       22
<PAGE>
      (e) The parties hereby agree that (i) no later than nine (9) months prior
to Deconversion FDR shall provide Customer a good faith estimate of the
Liquidated Damages owed to FDR by Customer for a termination hereunder and that
Customer shall pay 50% of such estimated amount six (6) months prior and the
balance of such estimated amount three (3) months prior to Deconversion; (ii) no
later than 90 days after the completion of Deconversion, FDR shall provide
Customer a calculation of actual Liquidated Damages owed to FDR by Customer for
a termination hereunder (accompanied by appropriate worksheets and backup
documentation) and (iii) no later than 30 days after the receipt by Customer of
such calculation, Customer shall pay to FDR the amount by which the calculated
amount exceeds the estimated amount or, alternatively, FDR shall pay to Customer
the amount by which the estimated amount exceeds the calculated amount.

      (f) Each party acknowledges and agrees, after taking into account the
terms of this Agreement and all relevant circumstances at the date hereof, that
the Liquidated Damages payable under this Section 9.5 represent a reasonable and
genuine pre-estimate of the damages which would be suffered by FDR in the event
of early termination of this Agreement and do not constitute a penalty.

      (g) Despite the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit FDR's
right to recover from Customer:

            (i) any amounts advanced by FDR on behalf of Customer or for
      Interchange Settlement;

            (ii) any amounts for which Customer is liable other than for
      Processing Fees; or

            (iii) any payment under any provision for indemnification under this
      Agreement.

      (h) Nothing in this Agreement shall limit the right of any party to this
Agreement to seek injunctive relief, to the extent available, in respect of
breaches of this Agreement.

      (i) Despite the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit
Customer's right to recover from FDR any payment under any provision for
indemnification under this Agreement.

      9.6 DECONVERSION. Upon the termination for any reason or the expiration of
this Agreement, Customer and FDR shall mutually, expeditiously and in good faith
proceed to agree upon and document a Deconversion project plan, which the
parties contemplate may involve a six (6) to nine (9) month time frame for
completion and implementation. As part of the Deconversion project plan, FDR
shall perform, and Customer shall pay FDR, at FDR's then current rates, for
system and programming related activities required to accomplish the
Deconversion and for all costs and expenses, including postage or shipping
costs, associated with transferring Customer's files from the FDR System to the
internal or third-party provided data processing system which Customer has
selected, and of complying


                                       23
<PAGE>
with Section 10.1, provided, however, that if this Agreement is terminated by
Customer pursuant to Section 9.2(a), 9.2(b) or 9.2(c), then FDR shall pay for
all activities completed by FDR in order to accomplish the Deconversion and for
all costs of FDR, including postage or shipping, associated with complying with
Section 10.1. In connection with the services which FDR is required to perform,
FDR shall transfer all Customer data and the data of files in machine-readable
magnetic tape media, including but not necessarily limited to, as applicable,
the following files and any new data files that may be incorporated into this
Agreement: Cardholder Master Files, Company Master Files, Merchant Master Files,
Agent Bank Master Files, Cardholder Revolving Transaction Files, CIS Memo Files,
CIS Statement Files, Collection Files, MSR Files and Non-Monetary Files (if
applicable). FDR agrees to assign, at no additional charge, a project
coordinator in connection with the Deconversion. In addition, upon (i) transfer
by Customer of any accounts from the FDR System to a third party, (ii)
abandonment or deletion by Customer (or by FDR, MasterCard or VISA on behalf of
Customer) of any BIN or ICA of Customer relating to accounts from the FDR
System, or (iii) manual removal by Customer of any accounts from the FDR System,
except in connection with the CCAD Implementation or a termination of this
Agreement by Customer as provided above, Customer shall pay FDR, at FDR's then
current rates, for each activity completed by FDR in order to accomplish the
Deconversion of affected accounts, including systematic stripping and removal of
all such account information from the FDR System.

                                   ARTICLE 10
                           CONFIDENTIAL NATURE OF DATA

      10.1 CUSTOMER'S PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. FDR agrees to return to Customer
upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, and within 45 days after
written request from Customer, all or any requested portion of the proprietary
and confidential data of Customer including, without limitation, the data listed
below ("Customer's Masterfiles"):

            Cardholder Master Files           CIS Memo Files
            Cardholder Flap Files             CIS Statement Files
            CIF File                          Monetary History
            Collection Master Files           Cardholder Revolving
            Additional Names Master Files     Transaction Files
            PIN File                          Company Master Files
            Live Authorizations               PCF Files
            Monthly Statement Record (MSR)    Quarterly MSR Files (RDT) and any
            Files                             other Customer files created

FDR shall not obtain any proprietary rights or right of use (except such use as
is necessary for FDR to perform its obligations under this Agreement) in any
proprietary or confidential information concerning Customer, including without
limitation, Customer's Masterfiles, Customer's investments, products, services,
financial plans, strategies and customer data (including, without limitation,
names, addresses and any other characteristics, identifying information or
aspects of the past, present or prospective customers of Customer, including any
customer information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or similar federal or
state laws regarding privacy or security of customer information, and their
implementing regulations or agency guidances); software, systems, system
architecture, methodologies, data and data formats; any intellectual property of
any third party licensed to or held or used by Customer, and any confidential
information of a third party held by Customer; and any documentation related to
each of the foregoing, whether transmitted or conveyed digitally, orally, in
writing, in the form of drawings, or perceived or observed by FDR while
performing services, and whether provided


                                       24
<PAGE>
by Customer and/or its Affiliates prior to the date of this Agreement or
provided during the term of this Agreement ("Customer's Proprietary
Information").

      10.2 FDR'S PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. FDR shall retain sole and exclusive
ownership in all works of authorship, ideas, concepts, know-how and inventions,
whether or not patentable, created or conceived by FDR in the course of
providing the services under this Agreement; however, Customer shall have the
limited license and other rights which are referenced in Section 9.3(j) above.
Customer acknowledges that FDR, in its sole discretion, may provide to other
customers, similar services to those outlined in this Agreement utilizing any of
the intellectual property owned or licensed by FDR as referenced in this
Agreement. Customer shall not obtain any proprietary rights in any proprietary
or confidential information which has been or is disclosed to Customer by FDR,
including without limitation, any data or information that is a trade secret or
competitively sensitive material, whether owned or licensed or otherwise
provided by FDR; User Manuals; screen displays and formats; computer software;
methodologies; systems; products; system architecture; documentation related to
each of the foregoing, in each case, whether owned, licensed or otherwise
provided or used by FDR; software performance results; flow charts and other
specifications (whether or not electronically stored); FDR data and data formats
(collectively, "FDR's Proprietary Information") whether any of the materials are
developed or purchased specifically for performance of this Agreement or
otherwise. Customer agrees to return to FDR all of FDR's Proprietary Information
upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

      10.3 CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT. Except as required by law, Customer,
FDR and its Affiliates shall keep confidential and not disclose, and shall cause
their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and
independent contractors to keep confidential and not disclose, any of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement to any third party without the prior written
consent of the other party. Each party will restrict access to the Agreement to
those employees, representatives, agents and independent contractors who have a
"need to know" with respect to their employment or engagement.

      10.4 CONFIDENTIALITY. FDR and Customer agree to maintain Customer's
Proprietary Information and FDR's Proprietary Information, respectively, in
strict confidence. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, FDR and
Customer each agree:

      (a) Not to disclose or permit any other person or Entity access to
Customer's Proprietary Information or FDR's Proprietary Information, as
appropriate, except that disclosure or access shall be permitted to an employee,
officer, director, agent, representative, external or internal auditors or
independent contractor of the party requiring access to the same in the course
of his or her employment or services or to supervisory or regulatory authorities
of Customer or FDR;

      (b) To ensure that its employees, officers, directors, agents,
representatives and independent contractors are advised of the confidential
nature of Customer's Proprietary Information and FDR's Proprietary Information,
as appropriate, and are precluded from taking any action prohibited under this
Article 10, provided that in any event Customer and FDR shall each be liable for
any breach of this Article 10 by their respective employees, officers,
directors, agents, representatives and independent contractors;


                                       25
<PAGE>
      (c) Not to alter or remove any identification, copyright or proprietary
rights notice which indicates the ownership of any part of Customer's
Proprietary Information or FDR's Proprietary Information, as appropriate; and

      (d) To notify the other promptly and in writing of the circumstances
surrounding any possession, use or knowledge of Customer's Proprietary
Information or FDR's Proprietary Information, as appropriate, at any location or
by any Entity other than those authorized by this Agreement.

      10.5 RELEASE OF INFORMATION. Despite the foregoing, Customer agrees that
Customer's Proprietary Information may be made available to VISA, MasterCard or
to supervisory or regulatory authorities of Customer upon the written request of
any of the foregoing, and FDR agrees that FDR's Proprietary Information may be
made available by Customer to VISA, MasterCard or to supervisory or regulatory
authorities of Customer upon written request of any of the foregoing. Each party
which releases the other's Proprietary Information pursuant to this Section 10.5
shall provide the other party with reasonable prior written notice of each such
release, unless the release is in the ordinary course of business as
contemplated by this Agreement.

      10.6 EXCLUSIONS. Nothing in this Article 10 shall restrict either party
with respect to information or data identical or similar to that contained in
Customer's Proprietary Information or FDR's Proprietary Information, as
appropriate, but which:

      (a) That party rightfully possessed before it received the information
from the other as evidenced by written documentation;

      (b) Subsequently becomes publicly available through no fault of that
party;

      (c) Is subsequently furnished rightfully to that party by a third party
(no Affiliate of FDR or Customer shall be considered to be a third party) not
known to be under restrictions on use or disclosure;

      (d) Is independently developed by an employee, agent or contractor of such
party; or

      (e) Is required to be disclosed by law, regulation or court order,
provided that the disclosing party will exercise reasonable efforts to notify
the other party prior to disclosure.

      10.7 REMEDY. In the event of any breach of this Article 10, the parties
agree that the non-breaching party will suffer irreparable harm and the total
amount of monetary damages for any injury to the non-breaching party from any
violation of this Article 10 will be impossible to calculate and will therefore
be an inadequate remedy. Accordingly, the parties agree that the non-breaching
party shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief against the
breaching party, its employees, officers, directors, agents, representatives or
independent contractors, and the other rights and remedies to which the
non-breaching party may be entitled at law or in equity and under this Agreement
for any violation of this Article 10. The provisions of this Article 10 shall
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.


                                       26
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE 11
                                 REPRESENTATIONS

      11.1 FDR'S REPRESENTATIONS. FDR represents and warrants that:

      (a) It is a corporation validly organized and existing under the laws of
the State of Delaware;

      (b) It has full power and authority under its organizational documents and
the laws of the State of Delaware to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder;

      (c) It has by proper action duly authorized the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and when validly executed and delivered this Agreement shall
constitute a legal, valid and binding Agreement of FDR enforceable in accordance
with its terms;

      (d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transaction herein contemplated does not conflict in any material respect
with or constitute a material breach or material default under its
organizational documents or under the terms and conditions of any documents,
agreements or other writings to which it is a party;

      (e) It has, and for the Term of this Agreement, will continue to have the
right to use all software and documentation it uses in connection with the FDR
System, the right to grant to Customer the license or right to use, for purposes
and in the manner set forth in this Agreement, all software and documentation
licensed to Customer by FDR under this Agreement, and the right to provide to
Customer any other software, services or documentation provided or made
available by FDR in connection with this Agreement;

      (f) The FDR System and all software developed or provided by FDR in
connection with this Agreement will: (i) at a minimum perform in accordance with
the Performance Standards set forth in Exhibit "C" and (ii) be modified if such
modifications are required by the applicable operating rules of VISA and
MasterCard relating to the business of Customer as soon as practicable after FDR
has been notified of such modifications by VISA or MasterCard; provided,
however, that if such modifications cannot reasonably be implemented, then FDR
shall provide Customer with reasonable alternatives to allow Customer to comply
with such requirements; and

      (g) It will perform all services under this Agreement in a professional
manner, consistent with generally accepted standards in FDR's industry.

      11.2 CUSTOMER'S REPRESENTATIONS. Customer represents and warrants that:

      (a) It is an Industrial Loan Corporation validly organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Utah;

      (b) It has full power and authority under its organizational documents and
the laws of the State of Utah to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder;


                                       27
<PAGE>
      (c) It has by proper action duly authorized the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and when validly executed and delivered this Agreement shall
constitute a legal, valid and binding agreement of Customer enforceable in
accordance with its terms; and

      (d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transaction herein contemplated does not conflict in any material respect
with or constitute a material breach or material default under its
organizational documents or under the terms and conditions of any documents,
agreements or other writings to which it is a party.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                             TRANSACTION SETTLEMENT

      12.1 INTERCHANGE SETTLEMENT ACCOUNT. In order for FDR to provide its
services to Customer pursuant to this Agreement, it is necessary for FDR to
handle and settle Interchange Settlement for Customer through the international
Interchange networks of MasterCard and VISA. It shall be the responsibility of
Customer to provide ICA and BIN numbers from MasterCard and VISA, respectively,
for use by FDR in the settlement of transactions for Customer. Customer
understands that FDR handles the Interchange Settlement with MasterCard and VISA
for its clients including Customer on a net settlement basis (the "Settlement
System"). To facilitate the Settlement System, FDR has established, will
establish or will direct Customer to establish and may in the future establish
or direct Customer to establish one or more interchange settlement Central
Clearing Accounts (collectively the "Settlement Account") at one or more banks.

      12.2 TRANSFER OF FUNDS. FDR shall calculate and inform Customer on each
business day of the amount of funds to be transferred (the "Daily Amount") as
the result of (a) current transaction processing, and (b) funding required for
incoming transactions of Customer. If the Daily Amount is negative, Customer
must transfer to the Settlement Account, by the close of business of the Federal
Reserve System in New York, an amount equal to the Daily Amount. If the Daily
Amount is positive, FDR will transfer to Customer, or will cause MasterCard or
VISA to transfer to Customer, immediately available funds equal to the Daily
Amount prior to the close of business of the Federal Reserve System in New York
on such date.

      12.3 DAILY AMOUNT. The Daily Amount shall equal:

      (a) The Net Settlement Amount for Customer, plus

      (b) The amount necessary to fund incoming Interchange transactions not yet
processed, determined in accordance with the FDR Settlement Rules, minus

      (c) The amount previously advanced by Customer with respect to prior
incoming Interchange transactions for which processing is complete.

      12.4 FAILURE TO TRANSFER. In the event of the failure of Customer on any
business day when required by the terms of this Agreement or the FDR Settlement
Rules, to transfer the Daily Amount to the Settlement Account, FDR may refuse,
without incurring any liability to Customer, to act as Customer's agent in
discharging any VISA or MasterCard Interchange obligations of Customer and shall
have the right to immediately notify MasterCard and VISA that it will no


                                       28
<PAGE>
longer cause the MasterCard or VISA Interchange obligations of Customer to be
discharged. In addition to the foregoing, FDR may take such actions with respect
to Customer's obligations under the Settlement System as FDR deems reasonable to
protect FDR or its customers from any loss arising from Customer's non-payment
of the Daily Amount.

      12.5 SETTLEMENT LATE PAYMENT FEE. In addition to any other provisions in
this Agreement, in the event of Customer's failure to transfer or make available
the Daily Amount for any business day, Customer shall pay to FDR a late payment
fee (the "Settlement Late Payment Fee") which shall be equal to the amount
Customer would have been required to pay as a late payment fee under MasterCard
and VISA rules. The amount shall be calculated in accordance with the rules and
shall continue to accrue until FDR shall have received the Daily Amount from
Customer. Settlement Late Payment Fees shall be paid to FDR based upon the rules
even though FDR may have elected to make settlement with MasterCard or VISA in a
timely manner on behalf of Customer. If FDR has received funds from VISA and/or
MasterCard as a result of Interchange Settlement on behalf of Customer and fails
to make available the Daily Amount to Customer, FDR shall pay to Customer a late
payment fee based on the Daily Amount calculated in the same manner as the
Settlement Late Payment Fee.

      12.6 NO INDEPENDENT OBLIGATION. The obligation of FDR to discharge any
VISA or MasterCard Interchange obligations of Customer shall be solely as an
agent of Customer in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement
and the FDR Settlement Rules. FDR shall have no independent obligation with
respect to the discharge of the Interchange obligations of Customer.

      12.7 VIOLATION OF RULES. In the event that MasterCard or VISA shall notify
FDR of any material violation of the rules and regulations of MasterCard or
VISA, relating to Customer or transactions processed for Customer, FDR shall
have the right, without liability to Customer, to terminate Interchange
Settlement of transactions on behalf of Customer under this Agreement until such
time as FDR shall have been notified by MasterCard or VISA that the violation
has been corrected.

      12.8 RELIANCE ON OTHER PARTIES. Customer acknowledges that performance of
Interchange Settlement involves the settlement of certain of Customer's
transactions jointly and on a combined net basis with the settlement of
transactions of other customers of FDR. Accordingly, the payment or receipt by
FDR of settlement monies on behalf of Customer may be dependent on equivalent
payments or receipts being received or made by or for other customers of FDR and
in respect of transactions involving Transaction Cards issued by such other
customers. FDR and Customer will cooperate and use all reasonable resources to
identify the reason for any settlement failure and shall attempt to work to its
resolution.

      12.9 COMPLIANCE WITH INSTRUCTIONS. FDR shall be entitled without further
inquiry to execute or otherwise act upon (a) instructions or information or
purported instructions or information received through the MasterCard and VISA
payment systems and instructions or information, or (b) purported instructions
or information received in accordance with the MasterCard and VISA rules or
settlement manuals otherwise than through the payment systems or in accordance
with the FDR Settlement Rules notwithstanding that it may afterwards be
discovered that the instructions or information were not genuine or were not
initiated by


                                       29
<PAGE>
Customer. Such execution or action shall constitute a good discharge to FDR, and
FDR shall not be liable for any liability, damage, expense, claim or loss
(including loss of business, loss of profit or exemplary, punitive, special,
indirect or consequential damages of any kind) whatsoever arising in whatever
manner, directly or indirectly, from or as a result of the execution or action.

      12.10 RESTRICTIONS ON SETOFF. Customer agrees to discharge its Interchange
Settlement obligations to FDR under this Article 12 in full and on first written
demand waiving any defense, setoff or right of counterclaim (without prejudice
to the ability of Customer to pursue these independently) and notwithstanding
any act or omission or alleged act or omission or any insufficiency or
deficiency that there is or has been or that may be alleged in the performance
by FDR of its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. FDR agrees,
however, that it shall not setoff against any payment to be made by it to
Customer pursuant to this Article 12 any amount due and payable by Customer to
FDR (without prejudice to the ability of FDR to pursue these independently)
other than amounts due and payable by Customer to FDR pursuant to this Article
12.

      12.11 TRAILING ACTIVITY. If Customer terminates this Agreement or if
Customer ceases to obtain processing services from FDR under this Agreement in a
manner which results in fees or charges relating to Customer's Accounts
continuing to be included as a part of FDR's net settlement with MasterCard or
VISA, FDR may obtain daily payment from the Settlement Account established under
Section 12 or Customer will provide FDR immediately upon notice with access to
an account of Customer's funds, not requiring signature, which FDR may draw upon
in order to receive payment for such fees and charges. FDR will provide Customer
with documentation for all fees and charges paid on behalf of Customer.

      12.12 DELETION, TRANSFER OR ABANDONMENT OF BINS AND ICAS. Customer will
notify FDR in writing at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to any
transfer or closing of all Customer Accounts on the FDR System associated with a
BIN or ICA belonging to Customer or the redirection of any BIN or ICA by
Customer to another processing system. Such notice shall include an instruction
to FDR to initiate a systematic removal from the FDR System of account
information associated with that BIN or ICA, which Customer shall be obligated
to pay for in accordance with Section 9.6 of this Agreement. Customer will
comply with all rules, regulations and policies of MasterCard and VISA with
respect to removal or deletion of unused or abandoned BINs or ICAs. In the event
that Customer fails to comply with such rules, regulations and policies, or
fails to provide the foregoing notice to FDR, Customer hereby authorizes FDR, as
its agent, to (i) request MasterCard or VISA to delete the BIN or ICA, and (ii)
remove all account information associated with the BIN or ICA from the FDR
System at Customer's expense, in accordance with Section 9.6 of this Agreement.
Customer shall be responsible, and will reimburse FDR, for any loss, expense or
other cost associated with or arising from abandoned or unused BINs and ICAs,
including trailing activity, fraudulent use or other similar costs.

                                   ARTICLE 13
                              PERFORMANCE STANDARDS

      13.1 FDR'S PERFORMANCE. While this Agreement is in effect, FDR shall at
all times maintain the necessary telephone lines, computer capacity and staff
necessary to provide services


                                       30
<PAGE>
in accordance with the performance standards set forth in Exhibit "C" (the
"Performance Standards").

      13.2 PERFORMANCE REPORTS. (a) As soon as practicable, but in no event
later than the twenty-fifth (25th) day of each calendar month, FDR agrees to
provide Customer with a monthly report setting forth its actual performance
during the just concluded calendar month with respect to the key measurement of
each Performance Standard set forth in Exhibit "C". FDR management will review
the monthly reporting package provided to Customer, for accuracy. On an annual
basis, FDR and Customer will review the Performance Standards set forth in
Exhibit "C" and, if agreed, will update and revise the key measurements and/or
Performance Standards to reflect any change in Customer's business needs or
technology improvements by FDR. From time to time, as new products and services
(including interfaces) are utilized by Customer, FDR and Customer mutually agree
to consider adding the appropriate metrics to Exhibit C in respect of such new
products and services, and to revise this Article 13 as appropriate.

      (b) The Performance Standards set forth in Exhibit "C" are divided into
two Categories. FDR's performance with respect to the Performance Standards in
each Category during the just concluded calendar month will be managed as
follows: (i) Category I - Achievement by FDR of all four (4) of the Category I
Performance Standards constitutes a Successful Month for which Customer will pay
FDR a service level agreement ("SLA") incentive payment equal to one percent
(1%) of the Processing Fees (but not to exceed $10,000) payable by Customer for
such month ("Monthly Processing Fees"); failure by FDR to achieve any one (1) of
the Category I Performance Standards constitutes a Failed Month for which FDR
will pay Customer an SLA remedy payment equal to one percent (1%) of Monthly
Processing Fees (but not to exceed $10,000); and (ii) Category II - Achievement
by FDR of all ten (10) Category II Performance Standards constitutes a
Successful Month for which Customer will pay FDR an SLA incentive payment equal
to one-half of one percent (.5%) of Monthly Processing Fees (but not to exceed
$5,000); failure by FDR to achieve any five (5) of the Category II Performance
Standards constitutes a Failed Month for which FDR will pay Customer a remedy
payment equal to one-half of one percent (.5%) of Monthly Processing Fees (but
not to exceed $5,000). All SLA incentive payments payable by Customer and all
SLA remedy payments payable by FDR with respect to any month will be netted. Any
resulting net SLA incentive payment will be billed and any resulting net SLA
remedy payment will be credited to Customer on Customer's next monthly invoice
following quarter end. For a period of three (3) months from the date of this
Agreement, no remedy or incentive payments will be exchanged related to or for
Category II Performance Standards.

      (c) If, during any twelve (12) consecutive months, FDR's actual
performance is less than or equal to the termination performance level (i) for
any Category I Performance Standard in any three (3) months or (ii) for any
Category II Performance Standard in a total of five (5) months (provided,
however, that any month in which FDR's performance is less than or equal to the
termination performance level with respect to Performance Standards in both
Category I and Category II shall be included only in the number of months
required for termination with respect to the Category I Performance Standard),
then Customer, at its election, may terminate this Agreement; provided that this
termination option is exercised by Customer by written notice to FDR within
ninety (90) days after the receipt by Customer of the monthly performance report
for


                                       31
<PAGE>
such third or fifth month, as applicable. In such event, the Deconversion
associated with such termination by Customer shall be commenced not more than
nine (9) months following Customer's delivery of such notice of termination to
FDR and shall be concluded not more than eighteen (18) months following
Customer's delivery of such notice of termination to FDR.

      (d) Customer hereby agrees that due to the difficulty of determining and
calculating its damages upon FDR's failure to perform in accordance with the
Performance Standards, the remedy payments and/or termination upon FDR failure
as set forth herein are Customer's sole and exclusive remedies and that Customer
elects to waive any and all other remedies to which Customer might otherwise be
entitled under this Agreement, at law or in equity, except as expressly provided
in Section 5.2.

      (e) Consistent with their prior course of dealing, FDR and Customer will
work together in good faith to resolve any issues which may from time to time
arise with respect to FDR's performance of the services provided pursuant to
this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 14
                                     GENERAL

      14.1 ASSIGNMENT. Except as otherwise provided herein, the rights and
obligations of FDR under this Agreement are personal and not assignable, either
voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of
Customer which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however,
FDR may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or to an Entity which acquires (by
merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise) all or substantially all of
the assets of the business to which this Agreement relates upon thirty (30)
days' prior written notice to Customer without the prior written consent of
Customer, provided that such Affiliate or acquiring Entity is, in the reasonable
judgment of Customer, in a financial condition equal to or better than FDR.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the rights and obligations of Customer
under this Agreement are personal and not assignable, either voluntarily or by
operation of law, without the prior written consent of FDR, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that Customer may assign this
Agreement to an Affiliate of Customer or to an Entity which acquires (by merger,
consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise) all or substantially all of the
assets of the business to which this Agreement relates after delivering written
notice to FDR at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such
assignment if such Affiliate or acquiring Entity is a member of VISA and/or
MasterCard as appropriate and the financial condition of the Affiliate or
acquiring Entity to which this Agreement shall be assigned is, in the reasonable
determination of FDR, equal to or better than the financial condition of
Customer at the time Customer elects to make such assignment.

      14.2 RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be
deemed or construed by the parties, or by any third party, to create the
relationship of partnership or joint venture between the parties hereto, it
being understood and agreed that neither the method of computing compensation
nor any other provision contained herein shall be deemed to create any
relationship between the parties hereto other than the relationship of
independent parties contracting for services and, for purposes of Interchange
Settlement only, the relationship of principal and agent as set forth in Section
12. Neither Customer nor FDR has, and shall not hold itself out as having, any
authority to enter into any contract or create any obligation or liability


                                       32
<PAGE>
on behalf of, in the name of, or binding upon the other except as specifically
provided in connection with the Interchange Settlement.

      14.3 BUSINESS CONTINUITY PLAN. FDR has created a business continuity plan
(the "Business Continuity Plan"). By September 30 of each year FDR shall provide
Customer with a written summary of such Business Continuity Plan and will
provide Customer with a summary of the results of performance tests performed
for other FDR customers. Despite the foregoing, FDR reserves the right to change
such Business Continuity Plan from time to time during the Term of this
Agreement. At any time, upon Customer's request, FDR shall explain all changes
made to the Business Continuity Plan. Any such change shall not degrade the
quality of the Business Continuity Plan in a manner which has a material,
adverse impact on the services provided hereunder. FDR will undertake and make
all revisions to its Business Continuity Plan which are necessary to meet
regulatory agency contingency planning criteria. FDR's Business Continuity Plan
includes a time frame schedule for recovering critical business functions. FDR
will not discriminate against Customer by reason of size.

      14.4 STATE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State
of Nebraska as to all matters including validity, construction, effect,
performance and remedies without giving effect to the principles of choice of
law thereof. With respect to any claim arising out of this Agreement, Customer
irrevocably waives any objection which it may have at any time to the venue of
any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
brought in the courts of the State of Nebraska and the United States District
Court located in the city of Omaha, Nebraska and Customer further waives any
claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum
and further irrevocably waives the right to object, with respect to such suit,
action or proceeding brought in any such court, that such court does not have
jurisdiction over Customer. For purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding
Customer agrees that any process to be served in connection therewith shall, if
delivered, sent or mailed in accordance with Section 14.5, constitute good,
proper and sufficient service thereof.

      14.5 NOTICE. All notices which either party may be required or desire to
give to the other party shall be in writing and shall be given by personal
service, telecopy, registered mail or certified mail (or its equivalent), or
overnight courier to the other party at its respective address or telecopy
telephone number set forth below. Mailed notices and notices by overnight
courier shall be deemed to be given upon actual receipt by the party to be
notified. Notices delivered by telecopy shall be confirmed in writing by
overnight courier and shall be deemed to be given upon actual receipt by the
party to be notified.

If to FDR:              First Data Resources Inc.
                        10825 Farnam Drive
                        Omaha, Nebraska  68154
                        Attn: President
                        Telecopy Number: 402-222-7334


                                       33
<PAGE>
With a copy to:         First Data Resources Inc.
                        10825 Farnam Drive
                        Omaha, Nebraska  68154
                        Attn: General Counsel
                        Telecopy Number: 402-222-7700

If to Customer:         Advanta Bank Corp.
                        11850 South Election Road
                        Salt Lake City, Utah  84020
                        Attn: Jeff Beck
                               President

With a copy to:         Advanta Corp.
                        Welsh and McKean Roads
                        Spring House, Pennsylvania 19477
                        Attn: Senior Vice President
                               Operations

And with an additional  Advanta Corp.
copy to:                Welsh and McKean Roads
                        Spring House, Pennsylvania  19477
                        Attn: Senior Vice President
                             and General Counsel

A party may change its address or addresses set forth above by giving the other
party notice of the change in accordance with the provisions of this section.

      14.6 HEADINGS. The section headings in this Agreement are solely for
convenience and shall not be considered in its interpretation. The recitals set
forth on the first page of this Agreement are incorporated into the body of the
Agreement. The Exhibits referred to throughout this Agreement are attached to
this Agreement and are incorporated into this Agreement. Unless the context
clearly indicates, words used in the singular include the plural, words in the
plural include the singular and the word "including" means "including but not
limited to."

      14.7 WAIVER. The failure of either party at any time to require
performance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement shall not
affect in any way the full right to require the performance at any subsequent
time. The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement
shall not be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. Any course of
performance shall not be deemed to amend or limit any provision of this
Agreement.

      14.8 FORCE MAJEURE AND RESTRICTED PERFORMANCE. If performance by either
party of any service or obligation under this Agreement, including Deconversion,
is prevented, restricted, delayed or interfered with by reason of labor
disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods, lightning, severe weather, shortages of
materials, rationing, utility or communication failures, failure of MasterCard
or VISA, failure or delay in receiving electronic data, earthquakes, war,
revolution, civil commotion, acts of public enemies, blockade, embargo, or any
law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or requirement having
legal effect of any government or any


                                       34
<PAGE>
judicial authority or representative of any such government, or any other act or
omission whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to those referred to in this
clause, which are beyond the reasonable control of such party, the parties shall
perform their obligations pursuant to the Business Continuity Plan described in
Section 14.3 and such party shall be excused from the performance to the extent
of the prevention, restriction, delay or interference; provided, however, that
if non-performance or substandard performance on the part of FDR would, under
the other provisions of this Agreement, give Customer the right to terminate
this Agreement, Customer shall continue to have that right. As a condition to
continuing to perform embossing services for card issuing members of VISA, FDR
was required to enter into VISA Card Personalization Agreements (the "VISA
Agreements"). Under certain circumstances VISA is permitted, pursuant to the
VISA Agreements, to temporarily or permanently prevent or restrict FDR's right
to perform embossing services for card issuing members of VISA. Customer hereby
agrees that if, as a result of VISA exercising its rights under the VISA
Agreements with no default on the part of FDR, FDR is prevented or restricted by
VISA from performing embossing services for Customer, then FDR shall be excused
from the performance of such embossing services to the extent of such prevention
or restriction by VISA. FDR will give Customer prompt notice of any assertion of
this right by VISA and of any complaint by VISA or MasterCard that could lead to
a disruption of services by FDR.

      14.9 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable for any reason, the invalidity shall not affect the validity of
the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and the parties shall substitute for
the invalid provision a valid provision which most closely approximates the
intent and economic effect of the invalid provision.

      14.10 AUDIT. From time to time during the Term of this Agreement, FDR will
engage a third party, selected by FDR, to perform an audit of the electronic
data processing environment maintained by FDR to provide the services
contemplated under this Agreement. FDR shall provide Customer with a copy of the
results of the audit if Customer requests a copy in writing.

      14.11 RISK OF LOSS. Customer shall be responsible for any and all risk of
loss to any tangible item (a) provided by FDR for Customer (including without
limitation statements and embossed cards) upon the delivery of such items to the
U.S. Postal Service or such other courier as Customer may select, and (b)
provided by Customer to FDR until actual receipt of such items by FDR. It is
expressly understood that the U.S. Postal Service and any courier selected by
Customer are the agents of Customer and not FDR.

      14.12 EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY. FDR will not discriminate against any
employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, disability, age or veteran status as ordered by the Secretary
of Labor pursuant to Section 202 of Executive Order 11246, Section 503 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and Section 402 of the Vietnam Era Veterans
Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974.

      14.13 INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION. Any controversy or claim between FDR,
on the one hand, and Customer on the other hand, arising from or in connection
with this Agreement or the relationship of the parties under this Agreement
whether based on contract, tort, common law, equity, statute, regulation, order
or otherwise, ("Dispute") shall be resolved as follows:


                                       35
<PAGE>
      (a) Upon written request of either FDR, on the one hand, or Customer, on
the other hand, the parties will appoint a designated representative whose task
it will be to meet for the purpose of endeavoring to resolve such Dispute.

      (b) The designated representatives shall meet as often as the parties
reasonably deem necessary to discuss the problem in an effort to resolve the
Dispute without the necessity of any formal proceeding.

      (c) Formal proceedings for the resolution of a Dispute may not be
commenced until the earlier of:

            (i) the designated representatives concluding in good faith that
      amicable resolution through continued negotiation of the matter does not
      appear likely; or

            (ii) the expiration of the thirty (30) day period immediately
      following the initial request to negotiate the Dispute;

            (iii) the expiration of the sixty (60) day period immediately
      following notice from Customer of a dispute with respect to the accuracy
      of the volumes, transaction types or prices associated with all or any
      portion of an amount (as indicated on the appropriate invoice) drawn from
      Customer's account in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.5;

provided, however, that this Section 14.13 will not be construed to prevent a
party from instituting formal proceedings earlier to avoid the expiration of any
applicable limitations period, to preserve a superior position with respect to
other creditors or to seek temporary or preliminary injunctive relief pursuant
to Section 10.7.

      14.14 ARBITRATION. (a) If the parties are unable to resolve any Dispute as
contemplated by Section 14.13, such Dispute shall be submitted to mandatory and
binding arbitration at the election of either FDR, on the one hand, or Customer,
on the other hand (the "Disputing Party"). Except as otherwise provided in this
Section 14.14, the arbitration shall be pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration
Rules of the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA").

      (b) To initiate the arbitration, the Disputing Party shall notify the
other party in writing (the "Arbitration Demand"), which shall (i) describe in
reasonable detail the nature of the Dispute, (ii) state the amount of the claim,
(iii) specify the requested relief and (iv) name an arbitrator who (A) has been
licensed to practice law in the U.S. for at least ten years, (B) is not then an
employee of Customer or FDR or an employee of an Affiliate of either Customer or
FDR, and (C) is experienced in representing clients in connection with
commercial agreements (the "Basic Qualifications"). Within thirty (30) days
after the other party's receipt of the Arbitration Demand, such other party
shall file, and serve on the Disputing Party, a written statement (i) answering
the claims set forth in the Arbitration Demand and including any affirmative
defenses of such party; (ii) asserting any counterclaim, which shall (A)
describe in reasonable detail the nature of the Dispute relating to the
counterclaim, (B) state the amount of the counterclaim, and (C) specify the
requested relief; and (iii) naming a second arbitrator satisfying the Basic
Qualifications. Promptly, but in any event within thirty (30) days thereafter,
the two arbitrators so named will select a third neutral arbitrator from a list
provided by the AAA


                                       36
<PAGE>
of potential arbitrators who satisfy the Basic Qualifications and who have no
past or present relationships with the parties or their counsel, except as
otherwise disclosed in writing to and approved by the parties. The arbitration
will be heard by a panel of the three arbitrators so chosen (the "Arbitration
Panel"), with the third arbitrator so chosen serving as the chairperson of the
Arbitration Panel. Decisions of a majority of the members of the Arbitration
Panel shall be determinative.

      (c) The arbitration hearing shall be held in such neutral location as the
parties may mutually agree. The Arbitration Panel is specifically authorized to
render partial or full summary judgment as provided for in the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure. In the event summary judgment or partial summary judgment is
granted, the non-prevailing party may not raise as a basis for a motion to
vacate an award that the Arbitration Panel failed or refused to consider
evidence bearing on the dismissed claim(s) or issue(s). The Federal Rules of
Evidence shall apply to the arbitration hearing. The party bringing a particular
claim or asserting an affirmative defense will have the burden of proof with
respect thereto. The arbitration proceedings and all testimony, filings,
documents and information relating to or presented during the arbitration
proceedings shall be deemed to be information subject to the confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement. The Arbitration Panel will have no power or
authority, under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the AAA or otherwise, to
relieve the parties from their agreement hereunder to arbitrate or otherwise to
amend or disregard any provision of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the provisions of this Section 14.14.

      (d) Should an arbitrator refuse or be unable to proceed with arbitration
proceedings as called for by this Section 14.14, the arbitrator shall be
replaced by the party who selected such arbitrator, or if such arbitrator was
selected by the two party-appointed arbitrators, by such two party-appointed
arbitrators selecting a new third arbitrator in accordance with Section
14.14(b). Each such replacement arbitrator shall satisfy the Basic
Qualifications. If an arbitrator is replaced pursuant to this Section 14.14(d)
after the arbitration hearing has commenced, then a rehearing shall take place
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.14 and the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the AAA.

      (e) At the time of granting or denying a motion for summary judgment as
provided for in Section 14.14(c) and within fifteen (15) days after the closing
of the arbitration hearing, the Arbitration Panel shall prepare and distribute
to the parties a writing setting forth the Arbitration Panel's finding of facts
and conclusions of law relating to the Dispute, including the reasons for the
giving or denial of any award. The findings and conclusions and the award, if
any, shall be deemed to be information subject to the confidentiality provisions
of this Agreement.

      (f) The Arbitration Panel is instructed to schedule promptly all discovery
and other procedural steps and otherwise to assume case management initiative
and control to effect an efficient and expeditious resolution of the Dispute.
The Arbitration Panel is authorized to issue monetary sanctions against either
party if, upon a showing of good cause, such party is unreasonably delaying the
proceeding.

                                       37
<PAGE>
       (g) Any award rendered by the Arbitration Panel will be final,
conclusive and binding upon the parties and any judgment hereon may be entered
and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction.

      (h) Each party will bear a one-half share of all fees, costs and expenses
of the arbitrators, and, notwithstanding any law to the contrary, each party
will bear all the fees, costs and expenses of its own attorneys, experts and
witnesses; provided, however, that in connection with any judicial proceeding to
compel arbitration pursuant to this Agreement or to confirm, vacate or enforce
any award rendered by the Arbitration Panel, the prevailing party in such a
proceeding will be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses
incurred in connection with such proceeding, in addition to any other relief to
which it may be entitled.

      14.15 JUDICIAL PROCEDURE. Nothing in Sections 14.13 or 14.14 shall be
construed to prevent any party from seeking from a court a temporary restraining
order or other temporary or preliminary relief pending final resolution of a
Dispute pursuant to Section 14.13 or 14.14.

      14.16 FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT. The parties acknowledge and agree that
performance of the obligations under this contract necessitates the use of
instrumentalities of interstate commerce and, notwithstanding other general
choice of law provisions in this Agreement, the parties agree that the Federal
Arbitration Act shall govern and control with respect to relevant provisions of
Sections 14.13 and 14.14.

      14.17 SERVICE SUPPORT; MEETINGS. FDR and Customer hereby agree to attend
and participate in quarterly service support meetings and monthly planning
meetings to review and discuss the then current services which FDR is providing
to Customer, the status of the FDR-Customer relationship, and any future
opportunities between FDR and Customer. The quarterly service support meetings
will include a review of Customer's then current service support levels. FDR
shall provide Customer with support as set forth more fully in the
"Advanta/First Data Service Plan" which has been agreed to by the parties, as
such document may be revised or supplemented from time to time by the mutual
agreement of the parties. As of the date of this Agreement, Customer's service
support will include the assistance of two (2) FDR support personnel dedicated
to understanding, defining and meeting Customer's needs, as well as the
assignment of a Client Business Executive and a Service Manager and the
additional personnel referenced in the Service Plan.

      14.18 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, including Exhibits and the
executed Affiliate Agreements, if any, and that certain letter agreement between
the parties dated November 15, 2001 concerning First Data Integrated Analytics,
set forth all of the promises, agreements, conditions and understandings between
the parties respecting the subject matter hereof and supersede all negotiations,
conversations, discussions, correspondence, memorandums and agreements between
the parties concerning the subject matter. This Agreement may not be modified
except by a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties to this
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.


                                       38
<PAGE>
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Agreement have caused it to be
executed by their duly authorized officers as of the day and year first written
above. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

FIRST DATA RESOURCES INC.


By:  /s/ Donal J. Gogarty

Name:  Donal J. Gogarty

Title:  Vice President




ADVANTA BANK CORP.

By:  /s/ Conrad D. Vasquez

Name:  Conrad D. Vasquez

Title:  Senior Vice President



                                       39


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>w58410ex12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATIO EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      Exhibit 12


                         ADVANTA CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             Statement setting forth details of computation of ratio
                          of earnings to fixed charges

                COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
($ in thousands)                                                             For The Years Ended December 31,
                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           2001              2000          1999           1998           1997
                                                        ---------         ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------
<S>                                                     <C>               <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
Income (loss) from continuing operations                $ (30,456)        $  11,192     $  41,334      $ 408,604      $  25,920
Federal and state income tax expense (benefit)            (11,995)                0       (55,785)       (25,748)        19,664
                                                        ---------         ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------
Earnings (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)       (42,451)(A)        11,192       (14,451)       382,856(B)      45,584
                                                        ---------         ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------

Fixed charges:
   Interest                                                82,470            86,508        80,800        101,226        266,118
   One-third of all rentals                                 1,736             1,853         1,759          1,366          2,721
   Preferred stock dividend of
        subsidiary trust                                    8,990             8,990         8,990          8,990          8,990
                                                        ---------         ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------
  Total fixed charges                                      93,196            97,351        91,549        111,582        277,829
                                                        ---------         ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------

  Earnings (loss) before income
        tax expense (benefit) and fixed charges         $  50,745         $ 108,543     $  77,098      $ 494,438      $ 323,413
                                                        ---------         ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------

  Ratio of earnings to fixed
        charges (C)                                           N/M (D)          1.11x          N/M (D)       4.43x          1.16x
</TABLE>


(A)  Earnings before income taxes in 2001 included $41.8 million of unusual
     charges. Unusual charges include severance, outplacement and other
     compensation costs associated with restructuring our corporate functions
     commensurate with the ongoing businesses as well as expenses associated
     with exited businesses and asset impairments.

(B)  Earnings before income taxes in 1998 included a $541.3 million gain on the
     transfer of the consumer credit card business and $125.1 million of unusual
     charges including severance and outplacement costs associated with
     workforce reduction, option exercise and other employee costs associated
     with the Consumer Credit Card Transaction/Tender Offer; expense associated
     with exited businesses/products; and asset impairment.

(C)  For purposes of computing these ratios, "earnings" represent income from
     continuing operations before income taxes plus fixed charges. "Fixed
     charges" consist of interest expense, one-third (the portion deemed
     representative of the interest factor) of rental expense on operating
     leases, and preferred stock dividends of subsidiary trust.

(D)  The ratios calculated in the years ended December 31, 2001 and 1999 are
     less than 1.00 and therefore, not meaningful. In order to achieve a ratio
     of 1.00, earnings before income taxes and fixed charges would need to
     increase by $42,451 for the year ended December 31, 2001 and $14,451 for
     the year ended December 31, 1999.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>w58410ex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21



                   CURRENT LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Advanta Corp. (DE)
      Advanta National Corp. (DE)
         Advanta National Bank
         Colonial Mortgage Management Corp. (CA) (INACTIVE)
      Advanta Bank Corp. (UT)
         Advanta Business Receivables Corp. (NV)
         Advanta Equipment Receivables Series 2000-1 LLC
      Advanta GP Corp. (DE)
         Advanta Partners LP (PA)
         Advanta 101 GP Corp. (DE)
      Advanta GP II Corp. (DE)
      Advanta GCF GP Corp. (DE)
         Advanta Growth Capital Fund LP (DE)
      Advanta Investment Corp. (DE)
      Advanta Investment Corp. II (DE)
         E-Commerce Investments, Inc.
      Advanta Information Services, Inc. (DE)
      Advanta International Corporation I (DE)
      Advanta International Corporation II (DE)
      Advanta Business Services Holding Corp. (DE)
         Advanta Business Services Corp. (DE)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. (DE)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. II (DE)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. III (NV)
               Advanta Business Receivables LLC (NV)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. IV (NV)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. V (NV)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. VI (NV)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. VII (NV)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. VIII (NV)
            Advanta Leasing Receivables Corp. IX (NV)
            Advanta Commercial Credit Corp. (NV)
            Mt. Vernon Leasing, Inc. (NJ)
      Advanta Service Corp. (DE)
      Advanta Shared Services Corp. (DE)
      Coltex Leverage Lease Corporation I (DE)
      TSLL Jedobert Cal, Inc. (DE)
      Advanta Properties I Corp. (PA)
      Advanta Properties II Corp. (PA)
      Advanta Life Insurance Company (AZ)
      Advanta Insurance Company (AZ)
         Advanta Insurance Agency Inc. (DE)
         First Advanta Insurance Agency Inc. (PA)
      AICM, Inc. (AZ)
      Advanta Name Corp. (DE)
      Advanta Advertising, Inc. (DE)
         ADVANTENNIS Corp. (DE)
      Advanta Mortgage Holding Company (DE)
         Advanta Auto Finance Corporation (NV)
            Advanta Auto Receivables Corp. I (NV)
         Advanta Mortgage Corp. USA (DE)
            Advanta Finance Corp. (NV)
               Advanta Finance Residential Mortgage Corp. (NV)
               Advanta Finance Residual Corporation (DE)
            Advanta Mortgage Corp. Midatlantic (PA)
            Advanta Mortgage Corp. Midatlantic II (PA)
            Advanta Mortgage Corp. New Jersey (NJ)
            Advanta Mortgage Corp. Northeast (NY)
            Advanta Mortgage Corp. Midwest (PA)
            Advanta Nominee Services, Inc. (DE)
            Advanta Mortgage Conduit Services, Inc. (DE)
               Advanta Conduit Receivables, Inc. (NV)
               Advanta Mortgage Receivables Inc. (DE)
               Advanta Mortgage Funding Corp. (DE)
      Advanta Residual Holding Corp. (DE)



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>w58410ex23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      Exhibit 23









                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of our
report included in this Form 10-K, into the Company's previously filed
Registration Statements; File No. 33-19290, No. 33-31456, No. 33-32969, No.
33-47305, No. 33-53205, No. 33-53475, No. 33-54991, No. 33-59219, No. 33-60419,
No. 333-01681, No. 333-01833, No. 333-04471, No. 333-05701, No. 333-18993,
333-74575, No. 333-71995, No. 333-92151, No. 333-33136 and No. 333-49116.

                                                         /s/ ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP



Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
March 15, 2002

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>w58410ex99.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER TO SEC PURSUANT TO TEMPORARY NOTE 3T
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 99



                                                                  March 18, 2002




Securities and Exchange Commission
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20549-0408


Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter is written pursuant to Temporary Note 3T to Article 3 of Regulation
S-X.

Advanta Corp. has received a representation letter from Arthur Andersen LLP
("Andersen") stating that the audit of the consolidated balance sheets of
Advanta Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001, was subject to
Andersen's quality control system for the U.S. accounting and auditing practice
to provide reasonable assurance that the engagement was conducted in compliance
with professional standards, that there was appropriate continuity of Andersen
personnel working on the audit, availability of national office consultation,
and availability of personnel at foreign affiliates of Andersen to conduct the
relevant portions of the audit.

Very truly yours,


/s/  PHILIP M. BROWNE
- ---------------------
Philip M. Browne
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
Advanta Corp.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
