-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KEKgyZEra0QPr/LnR08T9c6ipXrD5I21ab0XghEGDg2iy/wo7hMFL3SbO7hgUnvc
 cR9R9z9lscm+nxNegAodCw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000895450-00-000011.txt : 20000331
<SEC-HEADER>0000895450-00-000011.hdr.sgml : 20000331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000895450-00-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19991231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WILLBROS GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				980160660
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			R1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11953
		FILM NUMBER:		587545

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		DRESDNER BANK BUILDING
		STREET 2:		50TH STREET 8TH FLOOR  PO BOX 850048
		CITY:			PANAMA 5 REPUBLIC OF
		STATE:			R1
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5072639282

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WILLBROS USA INC
		STREET 2:		2431 EAST 61ST STREET SUITE 700
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74136
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

=============================================================================

                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     Washington, D.C. 20549
                        ________________

                            FORM 10-K
 (Mark One)
   x     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 -----   SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

           For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999

                               OR

         TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 -----   SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

           For the transition period from             to
                                          -----------    -----------

                 Commission file number 1-11953

                      Willbros Group, Inc.
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

    Republic of Panama                         98-0160660
(Jurisdiction of incorporation)  (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

                     Dresdner Bank Building
                     50th Street, 8th Floor
                        P. O. Box 850048
                  Panama 5, Republic of Panama
                 Telephone No.: (50-7) 263-9282
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including
    area code, of principal executive offices of registrant)

   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                       Name of each exchange
       Title of each class              on which registered
       -------------------              -------------------
   Common stock, $.05 Par Value       New York Stock Exchange
 Preferred Share Purchase Rights      New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   X     No
                                         -----       -----

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant's
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.     X
                               -----

     As of March 22, 2000, 13,993,187 shares of the Registrant's
Common Stock were outstanding, and the aggregate market value of
the Common Stock held by non-affiliates was approximately
$70,197,697.

               DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, are incorporated by
reference into Parts I and II of this Form 10-K.

     Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 4, 2000 are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.
=============================================================================


<PAGE>



                      WILLBROS GROUP, INC.

                            FORM 10-K

                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999

                        TABLE OF CONTENTS



                                                             Page
                                                             ----
                             PART I

Items 1
  and 2.   Business and Properties                             4

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings                                  25

Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of
           Security Holders                                   25

Item 4A.   Executive Officers of the Registrant               25

                             PART II

Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity
           and Related Stockholder Matters                    28

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data                            28

Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of
           Financial Condition and Results of Operations      28

Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
           About Market Risk                                  28

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data        28

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
           on Accounting and Financial Disclosure             28

                            PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the
           Registrant                                         28

Item 11.   Executive Compensation                             29

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
           Owners and Management                              29

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related
           Transactions                                       29

                             PART IV

Item 14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,
           and Reports on Form 8-K.                           29

Signatures                                                    32


                                2


<PAGE>



                   Forward-Looking Statements


  This Form 10-K includes "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.  All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K
which address activities, events or developments which the
Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future,
including such things as future capital expenditures (including
the amount and nature thereof), oil and gas prices and demand,
expansion and other development trends of the oil and gas
industry, business strategy, expansion and growth of the
Company's business and operations, movement of the Tulsa,
Oklahoma administrative offices to Houston, Texas, and other such
matters are forward-looking statements.  These statements are
based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in
light of its experience and its perception of historical trends,
current conditions and expected future developments as well as
other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances.
However, whether actual results and developments will conform
with the Company's expectations and predictions is subject to a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results to differ materially from the Company's expectations
including the timely award of one or more projects; exceeding
project cost and schedule targets; failing to realize cost
recoveries from projects completed or in progress within a
reasonable period after completion of the relevant project;
identifying and acquiring suitable acquisition targets on
reasonable terms; the demand for energy diminishing; political
circumstances impeding the progress of work; general economic,
market or business conditions; changes in laws or regulations;
the risk factors listed from time to time in the Company's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and other
factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Company.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this
Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and there
can be no assurance that the actual results or developments
anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if
substantially realized, that they will have the expected
consequences to or effects on the Company or its business or
operations.  The Company assumes no obligation to update publicly
any such forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

                                3



<PAGE>

                             PART I


Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties

General

  Willbros Group, Inc. ("the Company") is one of the leading
independent contractors serving the oil and gas industry,
providing construction, engineering and specialty services to
industry and government entities worldwide.  The Company places
particular emphasis on projects in developing countries where the
Company believes its experience gives it a competitive advantage.
The Company's construction services include the building and
replacement of major pipelines and gathering systems, flow
stations, pump stations, gas compressor stations, gas processing
facilities, oil and gas production facilities, piers, dock
facilities and bridges.  The Company's engineering services
include feasibility studies, conceptual and detailed design,
field services, material procurement and overall project
management. The Company's specialty services include dredging,
pipe coating, pipe double jointing, removal and installation of
flowlines, fabrication of piles and platforms, maintenance and
repair of pipelines, stations and other facilities, pipeline
rehabilitation, general oilfield services and transport of
oilfield equipment, rigs and vessels.  The Company's backlog was
$253.1 million at December 31, 1999, compared to $286.5 million
at December 31, 1998.

  The Company provides its services utilizing a large fleet of
Company-owned equipment comprised of, among other things, marine
vessels, barges, dredges, pipelaying equipment, heavy
construction equipment, transportation equipment and camp
equipment.  At March 2, 2000, the Company had approximately 676
units of heavy construction equipment, 926 units of
transportation equipment and 5,278 units of support equipment.
The Company's equipment fleet is supported by warehouses of spare
parts and tools, which are located to maximize availability and
minimize cost.

  The Company traces its roots to the construction business of
Williams Brothers Company, founded in 1908.  Through successors
to that business, Willbros has completed many landmark projects
around the world, including the "Big Inch" and "Little Big Inch"
War Emergency Pipelines (1942-44), the Mid-America Pipeline
(1960), the TransNiger Pipeline (1962-64), the Trans-Ecuadorian
Pipeline (1970-72), the northernmost portion of the Trans-Alaskan
Pipeline System (1974-76), the All American Pipeline System (1984-
86), Colombia's Alto Magdalena Pipeline System (1989-90) and a
portion of the Pacific Gas Transmission System expansion (1992-
93).

  Over the years, Willbros has been employed by more than 400
clients to carry out work in over 50 countries.  Within the past
10 years, Willbros has worked in Africa, Asia, Australia, the
Middle East, North America and South America.  Willbros'
relatively steady base of ongoing construction, engineering and
specialty services operations in Nigeria, Oman, the United States
and Venezuela has been enhanced by major construction and
engineering projects in Abu Dhabi, Australia, Cameroon, Colombia,
Egypt, Gabon, Indonesia, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Morocco, Nigeria,
Oman, Pakistan, Russia, the United States and Venezuela.

  Representative clients (or affiliates of clients) of the
Company include Royal Dutch Shell; Asamera (Overseas) Limited;
Apache Cote d'lvoire; Pecten Cameroon; Bilfinger + Berger;
Conoco; Chevron; Kuwait Oil Company; Abu Dhabi National Oil
Company; U.S. Army; U.S. Navy; Pacific Gas & Electric; Petroleum
Development Oman; Enron; El Paso Energy; Petroleos de Venezuela
S.A. ("PDVSA"); Transredes; Occidental Petroleum; Duke Energy;
Great Lakes Gas Transmission Company; E.N.I.; The Williams
Companies; Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ("NNPC"); and
the Pak-Arab Refinery, Ltd. ("PARCO").  Private sector clients
such as Royal Dutch Shell have historically accounted for the
majority of the Company's revenues. Government entities and
agencies, such as Kuwait Oil Company, U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, NNPC
and PDVSA, have accounted for the remainder.  Ten clients were
responsible for 67% of the Company's total revenues in 1999 (78%
in 1998 and 74% in 1997).  Operating units of Royal Dutch

                                4



<PAGE>


Shell and Duke Energy accounted for 36% and 11%, respectively, of
the Company's total revenues in 1999.

  The Company is incorporated in the Republic of Panama and
maintains its headquarters at Dresdner Bank Building, 50th
Street, 8th Floor, Panama 5, Republic of Panama; its telephone
number is (50-7) 263-9282.  Administrative services for the
Company are provided by Willbros USA, Inc., which is located at
600 Willbros Place, 2431 East 61st Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74136-
1267; its telephone number is (918) 748-7000.


Current Market Conditions

  The world's economies have begun their recovery following the
downturn of 1997-98.  That fact, along with the recent run-up in
oil prices, suggests that many significant development projects
and energy infrastructure projects will now likely proceed,
including a number of projects in emerging markets which were put
on hold over the past two to three years.  These projects include
natural gas, crude oil and petroleum products, pipeline systems,
LNG projects and ancillary projects.  Industry sources estimate
that worldwide pipeline construction expenditures will be
approximately $17.6 billion for projects completed in 2000 and
another $30.2 billion for projects planned to begin during 2000
and be completed in 2001 or later.

  The Company believes that certain of these projects will meet
its bidding criteria, and that the Company's worldwide pipeline
construction, engineering and specialty services experience place
it in an advantageous position to compete for such projects.  The
Company currently has a number of significant bids outstanding
with respect to potential contract awards in Algeria, Bolivia,
Cameroon, Chad, Egypt, Ghana, Indonesia, Ivory Coast, Nigeria,
Oman, the United States and Venezuela.  The Company is currently
preparing bids with respect to potential contract awards in
Australia, Indonesia, Nigeria, Oman, the United States and
Venezuela.  Finally, the Company expects to prepare and submit
bids with respect to certain other potential construction and
engineering projects in Africa, Asia, Australia, the Middle East,
North America and South America during 2000.

  Over the long term, the Company believes several factors
influencing the global energy market have led to and will
continue to result in increased activity across its types of
service.  The factors leading to higher levels of energy-related
capital expenditures include (a) rising global energy demand
resulting from economic growth in developing countries, (b) the
privatization of certain state-controlled oil and gas companies,
and (c) the need for larger oil and gas transportation
infrastructures in a number of developing countries.


Business Strategy

  The Company seeks to maximize stockholder value through its
business strategy.  The core elements of this strategy are to
concentrate on projects and prospects in areas where it can be
most competitive and obtain the highest profit margins, pursue
engineer-procure-construct contracts with a renewed vigor because
they can often yield higher profit margins than construction-only
contract, focus on performance and project execution in order to
maximize the profit potential on each contract awarded, maintain
its commitment to safety and quality, develop alliances with
companies who will enhance its capability and competitiveness in
markets throughout the world and pursue growth through expansion,
mergers, acquisitions and equity investments while maintaining a
strong balance sheet.

  In pursuing this strategy, the Company relies on (a) the
competitive advantage gained from its experience in completing
logistically complex and technically difficult projects in remote
areas with difficult terrain and harsh climatic conditions, and
(b) its experienced multinational work force of approximately
2,030 employees, of whom more than 80 percent are citizens of the
respective countries in which they work.

                                5



<PAGE>


  The Company continues to invest in its employees to ensure that
they have the training and tools needed to be successful in
today's challenging environment.  For example, during the recent
business cycle downturn, the Company converted all of its
worldwide information systems to a new, fully integrated
enterprise system that will increase efficiency, standardize the
way operations are managed throughout the world and make it
easier for company personnel to adapt quickly to a change of
locations.

  The Company's short-term strategy during this cycle has been to
(a) reduce operating and overhead costs to a level that is
justified by expected revenues, (b) evaluate and consider closing
operations or offices in work countries where expected returns
have not materialized, and (c) identify and sell surplus
equipment.  The Company's long-term strategies, summarized below,
remain unchanged.

  Geographic Expansion.   The Company's objective is to maintain
and enhance its presence in regions where it has developed a
strong base of operations, such as Africa, Asia, the Middle East,
North America and South America, by capitalizing on its local
experience, established contacts with local customers and
suppliers, and familiarity with local working conditions.  In
addition, the Company seeks to establish a presence in other
strategically important areas, such as Algeria, Bolivia,
Cameroon, and Chad, as well as certain other selected areas in
South America and Asia.  In pursuing this strategy, the Company
seeks to identify a limited number of long-term niche markets in
which the Company can outperform the competition and establish an
advantageous position.

  Strategic Alliances.   The Company seeks to establish strategic
alliances with companies whose resources, skills and strategies
are complementary to and are likely to enhance the Company's
business opportunities, including the formation of joint ventures
and consortia to achieve competitive advantage and share risks.
Such alliances have already been established in Argentina,
Australia, Bolivia, Cameroon, Chad, Indonesia, Malaysia,
Thailand, the United States and Venezuela.  As a related
strategy, the Company may decide to make an equity investment in
a project in order to enhance its competitive position and/or
maximize project returns.  In 1998, this strategy led to the
Company's Venezuelan subsidiary taking a 10 percent equity stake in a
16-year contract to operate, maintain and refurbish water injection
facilities in Lake Maracaibo, Venezuela.

  Acquisitions.   The Company seeks to identify, evaluate and
acquire companies that offer growth opportunities and the ability
to complement the Company's resources and capabilities.
Consistent with this strategy, in 1994 the Company acquired
Construcciones Acuaticas Mundiales, S.A. ("CAMSA").  CAMSA
operates in Venezuela and, in addition to performing onshore
construction and specialty services, possesses expertise in
marine construction and the fabrication and installation of
concrete piles and platforms for offshore projects.  Further to
this strategy, in 1997 the Company entered into a new credit
agreement, a substantial portion of which can be used for
acquisitions.  In January 2000, the Company acquired Rogers &
Phillips, Inc. (RPI), a closely held pipeline construction
company in Houston, Texas with an experienced management team and
a strong market position in the Gulf Coast area.

  Quality Improvements.   The Company's quality program enhances
the Company's ability to meet the specific requirements of its
customers through continuous improvement of all its business
processes, while at the same time improving competitiveness and
profitability. ISO 9000, an internationally recognized
verification system for quality management, has in recent years
been made a criterion for prequalification of contractors by
certain clients and potential clients, and this trend is expected
to continue.  The certification process involves a rigorous
review and audit of the Company's management processes and
quality control procedures.  Four of the Company's key operating
subsidiaries currently have ISO 9000 certification.

  Conservative Financial Management.   The Company emphasizes the
maintenance of a conservative balance sheet in order to finance
the development and growth of its business.  The Company also
seeks to obtain contracts that are likely to result in recurring
revenues in order to partially mitigate the cyclical
nature of its construction and engineering businesses.  For
example, the Company generally seeks to obtain specialty services
contracts of more than one year in duration.  Additionally, the
Company acts to minimize its exposure to currency fluctuations
through the use of U.S. dollar-denominated contracts

                                6



<PAGE>


whenever possible, by limiting payments in local currency to
approximately the amount of local currency expenses, and
otherwise by engaging in hedging activities such as purchasing
foreign currency forward contracts.  The Company had no forward
contracts at December 31, 1999.


Willbros Background

  The Company is the successor to the pipeline construction
business of Williams Brothers Company, which was started in 1908
by Miller and David Williams.  In 1949, the business was
reconstituted and acquired by the next generation of the Williams
family.  The resulting enterprise eventually became The Williams
Companies, Inc., a major U.S. energy, communications and
interstate natural gas and petroleum products transportation
company ("Williams").

  In 1975, Williams elected to discontinue its pipeline
construction activities and, in December 1975, sold substantially
all of the non-U.S. assets and entities comprising its pipeline
construction division to a newly formed Panama corporation
(eventually renamed "Willbros Group, Inc.") owned by employees of
the division.  In 1979, Willbros Group, Inc. retired its debt
incurred in the acquisition by selling a 60 percent equity stake to
Heerema Holding Construction, Inc. ("Heerema").  In 1986, Heerema
acquired the balance of Willbros Group, Inc., which then operated
as a wholly owned subsidiary of Heerema until April 1992.

  In April 1992, Heerema sold Willbros Group, Inc. to a
corporation formed December 31, 1991, in the Republic of Panama
by members of the Company's management, certain other investors,
and Heerema.  Subsequently, the original Willbros Group, Inc. was
dissolved into the acquiring corporation which was renamed
"Willbros Group, Inc."  In August 1996, the Company completed an
initial public offering of Common Stock in which Heerema sold all
of its shares of Common Stock; and in October 1997, the Company
completed a secondary offering in which such other investors sold
substantially all of their shares of Common Stock.

  The term "Willbros," as used in this Form 10-K, includes the
Company, the original Willbros Group, Inc. and their predecessors
in the pipeline construction business, as described above.  All
references in this Form 10-K to the "Company" refer to Willbros
Group, Inc. ("WGI") and its consolidated subsidiaries.


Willbros Milestones

  The following are selected milestones which Willbros has
achieved:

1915     Began pipeline work in the United States.

1939     Began international pipeline work in Venezuela.

1942-44  Served as principal contractor on the "Big Inch" and
         "Little Big Inch" War Emergency Pipelines in the United
         States which delivered Gulf Coast crude oil to the Eastern
         Seaboard.

1947-48  Built the 370-mile (600-kilometer) Camiri to Sucre and
         Cochabamba crude oil pipeline in Bolivia.

1951     Completed the 400-mile (645-kilometer) western segment of
         the Trans-Arabian Pipeline System in Jordan, Syria and
         Lebanon.

1954-55  Built Alaska's first major pipeline system, consisting
         of 625 miles (1,000 kilometers) of petroleum products
         pipeline, housing, communications, two tank farms, five
         pump stations, and marine dock and loading facilities.

1956-57  Led a joint venture which constructed the 335-mile
         (535-kilometer) southern section of the Trans-Iranian
         Pipeline, a products pipeline system extending from Abadan
         to Tehran.

                                7



<PAGE>


1958     Constructed pipelines and related facilities for the
         world's largest oil export terminal at Kharg Island, Iran.

1960     Built the first major liquefied petroleum gas pipeline
         system, the 2,175-mile (3,480-kilometer) Mid-America
         Pipeline in the United States, including six delivery
         terminals, two operating terminals, 13 pump stations,
         communications and cavern storage.

1962     Began operations in Nigeria with the commencement of
         construction of the TransNiger Pipeline, a 170-mile (275-
         kilometer) crude oil pipeline.

1964-65  Built the 390-mile (625-kilometer) Santa Cruz to Sica
         Sica crude oil pipeline in Bolivia.  The highest altitude
         reached by this line is 14,760 feet (4,500 meters) above
         sea level, which management believes is higher than the
         altitude of any other pipeline in the world.

1965     Began operations in Oman with the commencement of
         construction of the 175-mile (280-kilometer) Fahud to
         Muscat crude oil pipeline system.

1967-68  Built the 190-mile (310-kilometer) Orito to Tumaco
         crude oil pipeline in Colombia, one of five Willbros
         crossings of the Andes Mountains, a project notable for the
         use of helicopters in high-altitude construction.

1969     Completed a gas gathering system and 105 miles (170
         kilometers) of 42-inch trunkline for the Iranian Gas
         Trunkline Project (IGAT) in Iran to supply gas to the USSR.

1970-72  Built the Trans-Ecuadorian Pipeline, consisting of 315 miles
         (505 kilometers) of 20- and 26-inch pipeline, seven
         pump stations, four pressure-reducing stations and six
         storage tanks.

1974-76  Led a joint venture which built the northernmost 225 miles
         (365 kilometers) of the Trans-Alaskan Pipeline System.

1974-76  Led a joint venture which constructed 290 miles
         (465 kilometers) of pipeline and two pump stations in the
         inaccessible western Amazon basin of Peru.

1974-79  Designed and engineered the 500-mile (795-kilometer)
         Sarakhs-Neka gas transmission line in northeastern Iran.

1976-79  Acted as technical leader of a consortium which
         designed and supplied six modularized gas compressor
         stations totaling 726,000 horsepower for the 56-inch
         Urengoy to Chelyabinsk gas pipeline system in western
         Siberia.

1982-83  Built the Cortez carbon dioxide pipeline system in the
         southwestern United States, consisting of 505 miles
         (815 kilometers) of 30-inch pipe.

1984-86  Constructed, through a joint venture, the All American
         Pipeline System, a 1,240-mile (1,995-kilometer), 30-inch
         heated pipeline, including 23 pump stations, in the
         United States.

1984-95  Developed and furnished a rapid deployment fuel
         pipeline distribution and storage system for the U.S. Army
         which was used extensively and successfully in Saudi Arabia
         during Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm in 1990/1991
         and in Somalia during 1993.

1985-86  Built a 185-mile (300-kilometer), 24-inch crude oil
         pipeline from Ayacucho to Covenas in Colombia.

1987     Rebuilt 25 miles (40 kilometers) of the Trans-Ecuadorian
         crude oil pipeline within six months after major portions
         were destroyed by an earthquake.

                                8



<PAGE>


1988-92  Performed the project management, engineering,
         procurement and field support services to expand the Great
         Lakes Gas Transmission System in the northern
         United States.  The expansion involved modifications to 13
         compressor stations and the addition of 660 miles
         (1,060 kilometers) of 36-inch pipeline in 50 separate
         loops.

1989-90  Built the Alto Magdalena Pipeline System in Colombia,
         consisting of 250 miles (400 kilometers) of 20-inch crude
         oil pipeline, one pump station and a tank farm.

1989-92  Provided pipeline engineering and field support
         services for the Kern River Gas Transmission System, a 36-
         inch pipeline project extending over 685 miles
         (1,100 kilometers) of desert and mountains from Wyoming to
         California in the United States.

1992-93  Rebuilt oil field gathering systems in Kuwait as part
         of the post-war reconstruction effort.

1992-93  Built 150 miles (240 kilometers) of 42-inch pipeline
         in Oregon to expand the Pacific Gas Transmission System.

1992-94  Resumed activities in the C.I.S.  Selected to develop
         export pipeline system for Caspian Pipeline Consortium from
         Tengiz field in Kazakstan to Black Sea oil terminal at
         Novorossiysk, Russia, and established a representative
         office and joint stock company in Russia.

1994     Re-entered Venezuela oil service market through the
         acquisition of CAMSA.

1995     Entered into an agreement with a Japanese trading company
         providing for the joint development of projects in selected
         markets in Southeast Asia and established an office in
         Jakarta, Indonesia, to pursue major projects in the region.

1995-97  Executed two contracts in Pakistan for construction,
         material procurement and engineering of the MFM Pipeline
         Extension Project, which consisted of 225 miles
         (365 kilometers) of 18- and 16-inch multi-product pipeline and
         related facilities.

1996     Listed shares in an initial public offering of Common Stock
         on the NYSE under the symbol "WG."

1996-97  Achieved ISO Certification for seven operating
         companies.

1996-98  Performed an EPC contract with Asamera (Overseas) Limited
         to design and construct pipelines, flowlines and
         related facilities for the Corridor Block Gas Project
         located in southern Sumatra, Indonesia.

1997-98  Carried out a contract for the construction of 120 miles
         (200 kilometers) each of 36- and 20-inch pipelines in
         the Zuata Region of the Orinoco Belt in Venezuela.

1997-98  Executed a contract with an MW Kellogg joint venture
         for the construction of a 35-mile (55-kilometer) gas
         pipeline for a LNG plant in Kalimantan, Indonesia,
         furthering the Company's efforts to establish Indonesia
         as an ongoing work country.

1997-98  Completed an EPC contract for El Paso Natural Gas Company
         and Gasoductos de Chihuahua, a joint venture
         between El Paso and PEMEX, to construct a 45-mile
         (75-kilometer) gas pipeline system in Texas and Mexico.

1998     Made a 10 percent equity investment in a consortium which was
         awarded a 16-year contract to build, operate and transfer
         water injection facilities on Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela.

1998     Acquired a multi-purpose marine construction barge to
         pursue shallow water pipelay, utility and maintenance
         opportunities in offshore West Africa.

                                9



<PAGE>


1999     Entered Australia market through a joint venture to
         construct a 492-mile (792-kilometer), 18-inch gas pipeline.

2000     Acquired Rogers & Phillips, Inc.


Services Provided

  The Company operates in a single operating segment providing
contract construction, engineering and specialty services to the
oil and gas industry.  The following table reflects the Company's
contract revenue by type of service for 1999, 1998 and 1997.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Year Ended December 31,
                               ----------------------------------------------
                                        1999                    1998
                               ----------------------  ----------------------
                                 Amount     Percent      Amount     Percent
                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                        (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<S>                            <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>

Construction services          $   67,690       38%    $  185,995       66%
Engineering services               70,500       40         63,258       22
Specialty services                 38,374       22         32,365       12
                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------

  Total                        $  176,564      100%    $  281,618      100%
                               ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========


- -CONTINUED-


                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                     -----------------------
                                                              1997
                                                     ----------------------
                                                       Amount     Percent
                                                     ----------   ----------
                                                 (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<S>                                                  <C>         <C>

Construction services                                $  118,277        47%
Engineering services                                     75,674        30
Specialty services                                       57,926        23
                                                     ----------   ----------

  Total                                              $  251,877       100%
                                                     ==========   ==========

</TABLE>

 Construction Services

  The Company is one of the most experienced contractors serving
the oil and gas industry.  The Company's construction
capabilities include the expertise to construct and replace large-
diameter cross-country pipelines; to construct oil and gas
production facilities, pump stations, flow stations, gas
compressor stations, gas processing facilities and other related
facilities; and to construct piers, docks and bridges.

  Pipeline Construction.   World demand for pipelines results
from the need to move millions of barrels of crude oil and
petroleum products and billions of cubic feet of natural gas to
refiners, processors and consumers each day.  Pipeline
construction is capital-intensive, and the Company owns, operates
and maintains a fleet of specialized equipment necessary for it
to engage in the pipeline construction business.  The Company
focuses on pipeline construction activity in remote areas and
harsh climates where it believes its experience gives it a
competitive advantage.  Willbros believes that it has constructed
more miles of pipeline than any other private sector company.

  The construction of a cross-country pipeline involves a number
of sequential operations along the designated pipeline right-of-
way.  These operations are virtually the same for all overland
pipelines, but personnel and equipment may vary widely depending
upon such factors as the time required for completion, general
climatic conditions, seasonal weather patterns, the number of
road crossings, the number and size of river crossings, terrain
considerations, extent of rock formations, density of heavy
timber and amount of swamp. Construction often involves separate
crews to perform the following different functions: clear the
right-of-way; grade the right-of-way; excavate a trench in which
to bury the pipe; haul pipe to intermediate stockpiles from which
stringing trucks carry pipe and place individual lengths (joints)
of pipe alongside the ditch; bend pipe joints to conform to
changes of direction and elevation; clean pipe ends and line up
the succeeding joint; perform various welding operations; non-
destructively inspect welds; clean pipe and apply anti-corrosion
coatings; lower pipe into the ditch; backfill the ditch; bore and
install highway and railroad crossings; drill, excavate or dredge
and install pipeline river crossings; tie in all crossings to the
pipeline; install mainline valve stations; conduct pressure
testing; install cathodic protection system; and perform final
clean up.

                               10



<PAGE>



  Special equipment and techniques are required to construct
pipelines across wetlands.  From a launching station on dry land,
a section of several joints of pipe, which have been welded
together, may be pushed into a flooded ditch.  By securing
floaters to the pipe, it is possible to float the pipe.  The next
section is then welded to the end of the previous section, after
which it is pushed into the flooded ditch.  The same method can
be used from a properly secured and anchored barge.  Another
specialized swamp pipelaying technique is to lay the pipe from a
lay barge which moves along the right-of-way, laying one joint at
a time; each joint is aligned and welded, and the weld non-
destructively inspected and coated before being lowered in.  The
Company uses swamp pipelaying methods extensively in Nigeria,
where most of its construction operations are carried out in the
Niger River delta.  In addition to primary equipment such as
laybarges, dredges and swamp backhoes, the Company has a
substantial investment in support vessels, including tugboats,
barges, supply boats and houseboats, which are required in order
to maintain a capability in swamp pipeline construction.

  Station Construction.   Oil and gas companies require various
facilities in the course of producing, processing, storing and
moving oil and gas.  The Company is experienced in and capable of
constructing facilities such as pump stations, flow stations, gas
processing facilities, gas compressor stations and metering
stations.  The Company is capable of building such facilities
onshore, offshore or in swamp locations.  The construction of
station facilities, while not nearly as capital-intensive as
pipeline construction, is generally characterized by complex
logistics and scheduling, particularly on projects in locations
where seasonal weather patterns limit construction options, and
in countries where the importation process is difficult.
Willbros' capabilities have been enhanced by its experience in
dealing with such challenges in numerous countries around the
world.

  Marine Construction.   The Company constructs and installs
fixed drilling and production platforms in Venezuela, primarily
in Lake Maracaibo.  Because of the extremely corrosive
conditions, concrete, rather than steel, piling is driven deep
into the lakebed to support such platforms.  The Company is also
capable of building bridges, docks, jetties and mooring or
breasting dolphins.  The Company's marine fleet includes pile
driving barges, derrick barges and other vessels, which support
marine construction operations.  During 1998, the Company
purchased a multi-purpose marine construction barge to pursue
shallow water pipelay and maintenance opportunities in offshore
West Africa.

 Engineering Services

  The Company provides engineering, project management and
material procurement services to the oil and gas industry and
government agencies.  The Company specializes in providing
engineering services to assist clients in constructing or
expanding pipeline systems, compressor stations, pump stations,
fuel storage facilities, and field gathering and production
facilities.  Through experience, the Company has developed
expertise in addressing the unique engineering issues involved
with pipeline systems and associated facilities to be installed
where climatic conditions are extreme, where areas of
environmental sensitivity must be crossed, where fluids which
present extreme health hazards must be transported, and where
fluids which present technical challenges regarding material
selection are to be transported.

  To complement its engineering services, the Company also
provides a full range of field services, including surveying,
right-of-way acquisition, material receiving and control,
construction inspection and facilities startup assistance.  Such
services are furnished to a number of oil and gas industry and
government clients on a stand-alone basis; and, in addition, are
provided as part of engineering, procurement and construction
contracts undertaken by the Company.

  Climatic Constraints.   In the design of pipelines and
associated facilities to be installed in harsh environments,
special provisions for metallurgy of materials and foundation
design must be addressed. The Company is experienced in designing
pipelines for arctic conditions, where permafrost and extremely
low temperatures are prevalent, and for desert conditions,
mountainous terrain and swamps.

                               11



<PAGE>



  Environmental Impact of River Crossings.   The Company has
considerable capability in designing pipeline crossings of rivers
and streams in such a way as to minimize environmental impact.
The Company possesses expertise to determine the optimal crossing
techniques (e.g., open cut, directionally-drilled or overhead)
and to develop site-specific construction methods to minimize
bank erosion, sedimentation and other environmental impacts.

  Seismic Design and Stress Analysis.   Company engineers are
experienced in seismic design of pipeline crossings of active
faults and areas where liquefaction or slope instability may
occur due to seismic events.  Company engineers also carry out
specialized stress analyses of piping systems that are subjected
to expansion and contraction due to temperature changes, as well
as loads from equipment and other sources.

  Hazardous Materials.   Special care must be taken in the design
of pipeline systems transporting sour gas. Sour gas not only
presents challenges regarding personnel safety (hydrogen sulfide
leaks can be extremely hazardous), but also requires that
material be specified to withstand highly corrosive conditions.

  Hydraulics Analysis for Fluid Flow in Piping Systems.   The
Company employs engineers with the specialized knowledge
necessary to address properly the effects of both steady state
and transient flow conditions for a wide variety of fluids
transported by pipelines (natural gas, crude oil, refined
petroleum products, natural gas liquids, carbon dioxide and
water).  This expertise is important in optimizing the capital
costs of pipeline projects where pipe material costs typically
represent a significant portion of total project capital costs.

  Natural Gas Transmission Systems.   The expansion of the
natural gas transportation network in the United States in recent
years has been a major contributor to the engineering business of
the Company.  The Company believes it has established a strong
position as a leading supplier of engineering services to natural
gas pipeline transmission companies in the United States.  Since
1988, Willbros has provided, or is providing, engineering
services for seven major natural gas pipeline projects in the
United States, totaling more than 3,300 miles (5,400 kilometers)
of large diameter pipe for new systems and expansions of existing
systems.  During this same period, Willbros was also the
engineering contractor for 15 compressor stations (or additions
to existing stations) for six clients.

  Liquids Pipelines and Storage Facility Design.   Willbros has
engineered a number of crude oil and refined petroleum products
systems throughout the world, and has become recognized for its
expertise in the engineering of systems for the storage and
transportation of petroleum products and crude oil.  In recent
years, the Company has been responsible for the engineering of a
major expansion of a products pipeline system in the United
States, involving 395 miles (640 kilometers) of pipeline in New
Mexico and Texas.  Currently, the Company is providing
engineering and field services for a major expansion of a crude
oil system in Wisconsin and Illinois, involving over 450 miles
(725 kilometers) of large diameter pipeline to serve the upper
Midwest refineries with Canadian crude oil.

  U.S. Government Services.   Since 1981, Willbros has
established its position with U.S. government agencies as a
leading engineering contractor for jet fuel storage and aircraft
fueling facilities, having performed the engineering for major
projects at seven U.S. military bases including three air bases
outside the U.S.  The award of these projects was based largely
on contractor experience and personnel qualifications.

  Design of Peripheral Systems.   The Company's expertise extends
to the engineering of a wide range of project peripherals,
including various types of support buildings and utility systems,
power generation and electrical transmission, communications
systems, fire protection, water and sewage treatment, water
transmission, roads and railroad sidings.

  Material Procurement.   Because material procurement plays such
a critical part in the success of any project, the Company
maintains an experienced staff to carry out material procurement
activities.  Material procurement services are provided to
clients as a complement to the engineering services performed for
a

                               12



<PAGE>


project.  On engineering, procurement and construction contracts
undertaken by the Company, material procurement is especially
critical to the timely completion of construction.  The Company
maintains a computer-based material procurement, tracking and
control system, which utilizes software enhanced to meet the
Company's specific requirements.

 Specialty Services

  The Company provides a wide range of support and ancillary
services related to the construction, operation, repair and
rehabilitation of pipelines.  Frequently, such services require
the utilization of specialized equipment, which is costly and
requires operating expertise.  Due to the initial equipment cost
and operating expertise required, many companies contract for the
use of such specialized equipment and experienced personnel.  The
Company owns and operates a variety of specialized equipment that
is used to support construction projects and to provide a wide
range of oilfield services.  The following is a description of
the primary types of specialty services.

  Dredging.   The Company conducts dredging operations on its own
projects and as a subcontractor to other companies.  Dredging
equipment is required to pump sand to establish a land location
in a swamp and to excavate trenches for pipelines in swamps or
offshore locations and for river crossings.  Dredging equipment
is also used to maintain required depth of navigation channels
for barges and other watercraft.  This maintenance dredging is
often performed on annual or multi-year contracts.  The Company
owns a fleet of dredges, including cutter suction dredges and
grab dredges, which are routinely used in Nigeria and can be
readily deployed to other projects in the region.

  Pipe Coating.   The Company owns and operates coating
equipment, which applies a variety of protective anti-corrosion
coatings to the external surface of line pipe.  The external
coating is required to protect buried pipe in order to mitigate
external corrosion.

  Concrete Weight Coating.   Pipelines installed in wetlands or
marine environments must be heavy enough to offset the buoyancy
forces on the buried pipeline to keep the pipeline from floating
out of the ditch.  The most effective method of achieving the
required negative buoyancy is concrete coating applied over the
anti-corrosion coating to a calculated thickness.  The Company
owns and operates a facility in Nigeria to apply concrete weight
coating to line pipe.

  Pipe Double-Jointing.   Large diameter pipe for onshore
pipeline projects is normally manufactured in 40-foot (12-meter)
nominal lengths (joints) to facilitate ocean transportation.  On
long distance, large diameter pipeline projects, it is usually
economical to weld two joints into an 80-foot (24-meter) double
joint at a location or locations along the pipeline route.  This
technique reduces the amount of field welding by 50 percent, and,
because welding is often the critical operation, it may
accelerate construction of the pipeline.  The double-joint welds
are made with a semi-automatic submerged arc welding process,
which produces high quality, consistent welds at lower costs than
field welding.  The Company owns two transportable, self-contained
double-joint plants, which can handle 24- to 48-inch diameter
pipe and are used on both domestic and international projects.

  Piling.   The Company's subsidiary in Venezuela specializes in
the fabrication and installation of 36-inch concrete piles up to
220 feet (67 meters) in length.  These piles are used to
construct marine facilities such as drilling platforms,
production platforms, bridges, docks, jetties and mooring or
breasting dolphins.  The Company also owns barges and pile
driving equipment to install piles in Venezuela and Nigeria.

  Marine Heavy Lift Services.   The primary equipment used for
offshore oil and gas production facilities is usually
manufactured on skids at the vendor's shop and transported to the
production site by ocean-going water craft.  The Company owns a
variety of heavy lift barges and tugs to transport such equipment
from the receiving country port to the production location and to
install the equipment on the platforms.  Other services include
marine salvage and dry-dock facilities for inland water barges.

                               13



<PAGE>


  Transport of Dry and Liquid Cargo.   Exploration and production
operations in marine environments require logistical support
services to transport a variety of liquid and dry cargo to the
work sites.  The Company owns and operates a diversified fleet of
marine equipment to provide transportation services to support
these operations in Nigeria and Venezuela.

  Rig Moves.   Derricks used for drilling oil and gas wells and
for well work-overs require heavy transportation equipment to
move such equipment and tanks and storage vessels between well
locations. The Company owns a fleet of heavy trucks and trailers,
and provides transportation services to move rigs for clients in
Oman and Venezuela.

  Maintenance and Repair Services.   The Company provides a wide
range of other services including mechanical, electrical,
instrumentation, civil works, road maintenance and provision of
camp services for operating personnel associated with operation
and maintenance of oil and gas gathering systems and production
equipment.


Geographic Regions

  The Company currently operates in the following geographic
regions: Africa, Asia and Australia, the Middle East, North
America and South America.  The following table reflects the
Company's contract revenue by geographic region for 1999, 1998
and 1997.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                          Year Ended December 31,
                               ----------------------------------------------
                                        1999                   1998
                               ----------------------  ----------------------
                                 Amount     Percent      Amount     Percent
                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                        (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<S>                            <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>

Africa                         $   79,777      45%     $   64,180      23%
Asia and Australia                 21,979      12          32,481      12
Middle East                         8,026       5          17,806       6
North America                      42,981      24          91,801      33
South America                      23,801      14          75,350      26
                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Total                        $  176,564     100%     $  281,618     100%
                               ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========


- -CONTINUED-


                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                       -----------------------
                                                               1997
                                                       ----------------------
                                                         Amount     Percent
                                                       ----------  ----------
                                                 (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<S>                                                    <C>         <C>

Africa                                                 $   75,982      30%
Asia and Australia                                         42,098      17
Middle East                                                22,846       9
North America                                              79,121      31
South America                                              31,830      13
                                                       ----------  ----------
  Total                                                $  251,877     100%
                                                       ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 44
of the Company's 1999 Annual Report to Stockholders (which is
incorporated by reference herein) for additional information
about the Company's operations in its work countries.

 Africa

  Africa has been and will continue to be an important strategic
market for the Company.  The Company believes that there will be
opportunities to expand its business in Africa, particularly
through the development of natural gas projects.  There are
large, potentially exploitable reserves of natural gas in West
Africa, extending from the Ivory Coast to Angola. Depending upon
the world market for natural gas and the availability of
financing, the amount of potential new work could be substantial.
The Company intends to maintain its presence in Africa and seeks
to increase its share of available work.  Willbros is currently
monitoring or bidding major work prospects in Cameroon, Chad,
Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Nigeria and Tanzania.

  Over the past 50 years, Willbros has completed major projects
in a number of African countries including Algeria, Cameroon,
Egypt, Gabon, Ivory Coast, Libya, Morocco and Nigeria.  The
Company has management staff resident in Africa, assisted by
engineers, managers and craftsmen with extensive African
experience, capable of providing construction expertise, repair
and maintenance services, dredging operations, pipe coating and
engineering support.  Strong local relationships have enabled
Willbros to satisfy the varied needs of its clientele in the
region.

                               14



<PAGE>


  Willbros has had a continuous presence in Nigeria since 1962.
The Company's activities in Nigeria are directed from a fully
staffed operational base near Port Harcourt.  This 60-acre
compound includes office and living facilities, equipment and
vehicle repair shops, a marine jetty and warehouses for both
Company and client materials and spare parts.  The Company has
diversified its range of services by adding dredging and pipe
coating expertise.  Having diverse yet complementary capabilities
has often given the Company a competitive advantage on projects
that contain several distinct work elements within the project's
scope of work.  For example, the Company believes that it is
currently the only contractor operating in the Nigerian oil and
gas sector capable, on its own, of executing a pipeline
construction project which requires yard coating of line pipe,
installation of major water crossings, and both swamp and cross-
country segments of pipeline.  During 1998, the Company purchased
a multi-purpose marine construction barge to further diversify
its range of services by pursuing shallow water pipelay, utility
and maintenance opportunities in offshore West Africa.  In late
1998, the Company successfully completed an offshore project in
Cameroon for the installation of decks and other production
facilities on two offshore platforms and the construction of
approximately five miles (7.5 kilometers) of 8-inch and 10-inch
pipelines.  During 1999, the vessel was deployed part of the year
in offshore Nigeria, performing various services for Texaco.

  The Company's current activities in Nigeria include two major
contracts for Shell:  (a) to engineer, procure and construct the
Nembe Creek gas gathering pipeline system, and (b) to construct
four concrete barge-mounted gas compressor facilities for Shell's
Nembe Creek Associated Gas project.  Other ongoing activities in
Nigeria are multi-year contracts with Shell to provide dredging
services and swamp flowline maintenance services.  In February
2000, the Company was awarded a contract valued at $13.0 million
to provide engineering, procurement and construction services to
install a single-point mooring and a 2-mile, 20-inch offshore
pipeline.

  Elsewhere, in West Africa, the Company completed a $15 million
gas pipeline construction contract in Ivory Coast in January 1999
for Apache Cote d'lvoire.

  The Company's backlog in Africa was $150.2 million at December 31,
1999, compared to $220.7 million at December 31, 1998.

 Asia and Australia

  Despite the recent economic difficulties in certain countries
in the region, it appears that recovery may be underway and that
Asia will eventually develop and distribute more energy resources
to implement ongoing modernization programs.  The relative
abundance of undeveloped natural gas resources, along with
environmental concerns, favor the use of natural gas for power
generation and industrial and residential usage in the region
assuming a stable political and economic environment that will
allow projects to be financed and go forward.

  In March 1995, the Company established an office in Jakarta,
Indonesia, to pursue potential major projects in Asia and
Australia.  In October 1995, the Company entered into a
cooperation agreement with a major Japanese trading company
providing for the joint development of projects in Indonesia,
Malaysia and Thailand.  In November 1996, the Company was awarded
a $33 million contract by Asamera (Overseas) Limited to construct
pipelines, flowlines and related facilities for the Corridor
Block Gas Project in southern Sumatra, Indonesia.  In June 1997,
the Company was awarded a $22 million contract by a MW Kellogg
joint venture for the construction of a gas pipeline for a LNG
plant in Kalimantan, Indonesia.  Despite these successes, the
Company continues to evaluate maintaining a presence in the
region due to the delay of new projects.

   In June 1999, Duke Energy International awarded a $100 million
gas  pipeline construction contract in Australia to a  consortium
in  which  a  Willbros  operating subsidiary  has  a  35  percent
interest.  The 18-inch pipeline will transport natural  gas  from
Longford,  Victoria to Sydney.  This project marks the  Company's
first  construction activity in Australia, a  country  known  for
being highly competitive and for having difficult labor practices
which  make it difficult to maintain a high level of productivity
and stay on schedule and

                               15



<PAGE>


budget.   The Company reported a loss of $0.6 million in 1999 on
this project, and the project continues to be behind schedule and
over budget.

  The Company recently completed contracts for Pak-Arab Refinery,
Ltd. relating to the MFM Pipeline Extension Project in Pakistan.
The contracts included the supply of project materials, the
engineering and construction of 225 miles (365 kilometers) of 18-
and 16-inch petroleum products pipeline, the expansion of an existing
terminal (including 267,000 barrels of storage capacity), the
addition of a new terminal and pump station (including 270,000
barrels of storage), the addition of a storage terminal
(including 443,000 barrels of storage) and the design of a future
pump station.

  Willbros' activities in the Commonwealth of Independent States
("C.I.S.") date back to 1976.  The C.I.S. continues to be an area
of interest to the Company because it contains vast reserves of
oil and gas and many of the Company's clients are major oil and
gas companies who are candidates to participate in the
development of energy resources in the C.I.S.

  The Company is currently monitoring or bidding work prospects
in Australia, Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Pakistan
and Papua New Guinea. The Company's backlog in Asia and Australia
was $19.9 million at December 31, 1999, compared to $3.2 million
at December 31, 1998.

 Middle East

  The Company believes that increased exploration and production
activity in the Middle East will continue to be the primary
factor influencing the construction of new energy transportation
systems.  The majority of future transportation projects in the
region are expected to be centered around natural gas due to
increased regional demand, governments' realization of gas as an
important asset and an underdeveloped gas transportation
infrastructure throughout the region.  The Company is
aggressively pursuing business opportunities throughout the
Middle East and is currently bidding work or monitoring prospects
in Abu Dhabi, Jordan, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and
Yemen.

  Willbros operations in the Middle East date back to 1948.  It
has worked in most of the countries in the region, with
particularly heavy involvement in Iran, Kuwait, Oman and Saudi
Arabia. In Iran, Willbros designed or constructed a substantial
portion of the pipelines and related facilities that exist today.
During 1992 and 1993, following the Gulf War, the Company carried
out a significant program of gathering line replacement in Kuwait
to help Kuwait Oil Company restore its production capacity.

  Currently, the Company has ongoing operations in Oman, where
Willbros has been active for more than 30 years.  The Company
maintains a fully staffed facility in Oman with equipment repair
facilities and spare parts on site and offers construction
expertise, repair and maintenance services, engineering support,
oil field transport services, materials procurement and a variety
of related services to its clients.  In November 1999, the
Company was awarded a five-year contract by Oman LNG for general
maintenance services.  Minimum contract revenue is expected to be
$10 million over the contract term, with a potential of $25
million based on the capacity of the project organization and
resources which have been put in place.  Other current operations
in Oman include a general oilfield services contract for
Occidental of Oman and an ad hoc services contract for Petroleum
Development Oman ("PDO").  Work carried out in Oman during 1999
includes pipeline construction, pipeline maintenance, mechanical
services and flowline work for Occidental of Oman and PDO.

  The Company's backlog in the Middle East was $11.1 million at
December 31, 1999, compared to no reportable backlog at December 31,
1998.  The Company has active call out service contracts in
place in Oman under which it performs work for such clients as
Occidental and PDO; such contracts are not reflected in backlog.

                               16



<PAGE>


 North America

  Willbros has provided services to the U.S. oil and gas industry
for more than 80 years.  The Company believes that the United
States will continue to be an important market for its services.
Recent deregulation of the electric power and natural gas
pipeline industries in the United States has led to the
consolidation and reconfiguration of existing pipeline
infrastructure and the establishment of new energy transport
systems, which the Company expects will result in continued
demand for its services.  The demand for natural gas for
industrial and power usage in the Upper Midwest and the
Southeastern and Northeastern United States will also fuel the
requirement to build new natural gas transportation
infrastructure in the region. Supply to satisfy such market
demand for natural gas will come from existing and new production
in Western Canada, the Gulf of Mexico and the Canadian Atlantic
offshore region.  Environmental concerns will likely continue to
require careful, thorough and specialized professional
engineering and planning for all new facilities within the oil
and gas sector.  Furthermore, the demand for replacement and
rehabilitation of pipelines is expected to increase as pipeline
systems in the United States approach the end of their design
lives and population trends influence overall energy needs.

  Willbros is recognized as an industry leader in the United
States for providing state-of-the-art engineering and
construction services.  The Company maintains a staff of
experienced management, construction, engineering and support
personnel in the United States.  Among Willbros' significant
achievements in the United States are (a) the construction of the
two northernmost segments of the Trans-Alaskan Pipeline System
(1974-76), which consisted of a 225-mile (365-kilometer) crude
oil pipeline and a 140-mile (225-kilometer) fuel gas pipeline and
(b) a joint venture to build the All American Pipeline System
(1984-86), a 1,240-mile (1,995-kilometer) heated crude oil
pipeline with 23 pumping and heating stations.  The Company was a
construction contractor on the Pacific Gas & Electric-PGT
pipeline expansion project in Oregon and the Tuscarora Gas
Transmission project in Nevada and California.  Since 1988,
Willbros has provided engineering services for the Great Lakes
Gas Transmission Company's system expansion, the Kern River Gas
Transmission System, the Northwest Pipeline System expansion, the
NorAm Line AC pipeline project and the Northern Border Pipeline
Company's expansion project in Iowa and Illinois.  During the
same period, Willbros was the engineering contractor for
15 compressor stations or station expansions on behalf of six
different clients in the United States.  Currently, the Company
is providing project management and engineering services for the
following projects:  ANR Pipeline Company's Gulfstream Project to
transport natural gas from southern Alabama and Mississippi to
markets throughout central and south Florida; CMS Gas
Transmission's Guardian Project to transport natural gas from the
Chicago area into Wisconsin; Southern Natural Gas Company's
Southern Company Expansion Project to increase the capacity to
transport natural gas in their existing system in Mississippi,
Alabama and Georgia; Trans-Union Interstate Pipeline's Project to
transport natural gas from Louisiana to a planned power plant in
Arkansas; and El Paso Natural Gas Company's Caballero Pipeline
Project to transport natural gas from producing areas in
northeastern New Mexico to a connecting pipeline in the Texas
panhandle.

  Willbros has also provided significant engineering services to
the U.S. Government during the past 15 years, particularly in
fuel storage and distribution systems and aircraft fueling
facilities.  Willbros performed the engineering for major
projects on seven U.S. military bases, four of which were located
within the United States. In 1984, Willbros was selected by the
U.S. Army to act as the systems integration contractor for the
Southwest Asia Petroleum Distribution Operational Project.
Willbros was responsible for developing and procuring a tactical
fuel distribution and storage system to support military
operations worldwide.  The system was successfully deployed in
Saudi Arabia during Operation Desert Storm.  Willbros acted as
the systems integrator for this project until 1996.  Currently,
the Company owns and operates two fueling facilities at Ft.
Bragg, North Carolina, which were constructed in 1998 by the
Company.  The Company will be completing a similar facility in
2000 at Twenty-nine Palms Marine Corps Base in California.  The
Company recently completed the engineering and construction of an
airfield lighting project for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers at
an air base in Ismailia, Egypt.

                               17



<PAGE>


  On January 24, 2000, the Company acquired Rogers & Phillips,
Inc. ("RPI"), a closely held pipeline construction company in
Houston, Texas, with an experienced management team and a strong
market position in the Gulf Coast area.

  The Company's backlog in North America was $30.8 million at
December 31, 1999, compared to $14.8 million at December 31,
1998.  An additional $13.7 million was added to backlog in
January 2000 as a result of the acquisition of RPI.

 South America

  Willbros' first entry into South America was in Venezuela in
1939.  Recent developments involving political changes and
privatization efforts in many of the South American countries
make this region especially attractive to the Company.  In
particular, privatization and deregulation in this region are
allowing more foreign and domestic private investment in the
energy sector which, until recently, had traditionally been
controlled by state-owned energy companies. In Argentina,
Bolivia, Brazil, Chile and Peru, gas transportation projects will
continue to evolve to meet increasing demand for gas for
industrial and power usage in the rapidly growing urban areas.
In Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador, crude oil transportation
systems will need to be built and upgraded so that the vast crude
reserves in these countries can be efficiently exported to the
world market.  The Company is aggressively pursuing business
opportunities throughout South America and currently bidding work
or monitoring prospects in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia,
Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.

  Willbros has performed numerous major projects in South
America, where its accomplishments include the construction of
five major pipeline crossings of the Andes Mountains and setting
a world altitude record for constructing a pipeline.  Willbros'
largest project in South America was a $134.0 million turnkey
project for the procurement and construction of the Alto
Magdalena Crude Oil Pipeline System in Colombia, awarded to
Willbros in 1989 and completed in 1990.

  Venezuela, the largest oil producer in South America, is a
particularly important market for the Company.  With conservative
estimates of proven reserves of more than 72 billion barrels of
oil, PDVSA's plans for the future include an increase in oil
production from its current level of approximately 3.0 million
barrels per day to approximately 6.0 million barrels per day by
2006.  In addition, the opening of Venezuela's previously
nationalized oil and gas industry to foreign energy company
participation has attracted the interest of most of the world's
major oil and gas companies.

  In May 1994, in anticipation of significant opportunities in
Venezuela, the Company acquired CAMSA, a Venezuelan company
located in the city of Maracaibo.  When acquired, CAMSA's primary
expertise was marine construction and the fabrication and
installation of cylindrical concrete piles and platforms for
offshore projects.  Since the acquisition, the Company has added
onshore construction equipment to complement the marine fleet,
enabling CAMSA to compete for both onshore and offshore
construction projects, as well as specialty services contracts.

  The Company maintains a fully staffed facility including
offices, equipment yard and dock facilities on a 15-acre
waterfront site on Lake Maracaibo, with resident management
personnel assigned who are responsible for estimating and
tendering bids, providing construction expertise, repair and
maintenance services, marine related services, engineering
support and other needed services.  Major clients include
international oil companies such as Shell, Occidental Petroleum,
Chevron and operating subsidiaries of PDVSA, including Maraven,
Corpoven and Lagoven.  In 1998, the Company successfully
completed a contract to construct 120 miles (200 kilometers) each
of 36- and 20-inch pipelines originating from the Zuata Region of
the Orinoco Belt for Petrozuata, a joint venture between Conoco
and Maraven.  Also during 1998, a consortium in which CAMSA holds
a 10 percent equity interest was awarded a 16-year contract valued
at $785.0 million to operate, maintain and refurbish the Lake
Maracaibo water injection program for PDVSA Gas.  Current
activities include fabrication and installation of concrete piles
and platform fabrication and installation for the abovementioned
consortium and recurring service and maintenance work for various
clients.

                               18



<PAGE>


  The Company's backlog in South America was $40.1 million at
December 31, 1999, compared to $47.8 million at December 31,
1998.


Backlog

  The Company's backlog (anticipated revenue from the uncompleted
portions of existing contracts and contracts whose award is
reasonably assured) was $253.1 million at December 31, 1999,
compared to $286.5 million at December 31, 1998.  The Company
believes the backlog figures are firm, subject only to the
cancellation and modification provisions contained in various
contracts.  It is expected that approximately $186.3 million
(74%) of the backlog existing at December 31, 1999, will be
recognized in revenue during 2000.  Historically, a substantial
amount of the Company's revenue in a given year has not been
reflected in its backlog at the beginning of that year; such
revenue may result from contracts of long or short duration
entered into during a year as well as from various contractual
processes, including change orders, extra work, variations in the
scope of work and the effect of escalation or currency
fluctuation formulas.  These revenue sources are not added to
backlog until realization is assured.

  The following is a breakdown of the Company's backlog by
geographic region as of December 31, 1999 and 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                        1999                   1998
                               ----------------------  ----------------------
                                 Amount     Percent      Amount     Percent
                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)

     <S>                       <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>

     Africa                    $  150,262      59%     $  220,688      77%
     Asia and Australia            19,880       8           3,223       1
     Middle East                   11,032       5               -       -
     North America                 30,768      12          14,763       5
     South America                 41,138      16          47,799      17
                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
       Total                   $  253,080     100%     $  286,473     100%
                               ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

  The $33.4 million (12%) decrease in backlog is due mainly to
work performed on the engineering, procurement and construction
of the Nembe Creek AG Gathering Pipelines Project in Nigeria
consisting of pipelines varying from 12 to 28 inches in diameter
and 2 to 13 miles (3 to 21 kilometers) in length and five
concrete barge-mounted compressor stations, on a three-year
dredging contract in Nigeria, and on the construction and
installation of five concrete water injection platforms in
Venezuela, offset by additions for a mechanical service contract
in Oman, a contract awarded to a consortium in which the Company
has a 35 percent interest to construct a 492-mile (792-kilometer),
18-inch gas pipeline in Australia, and engineering service
contracts in the United States.

  A substantial percentage of the Company's revenue in past years
resulted from contracts entered into during that year or the
immediately preceding year.  The following table sets forth revenue
for each of the last five years as a percentage of backlog at the
beginning of each such year:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                      Revenue for
                                          Backlog at  Year Ended
                                          January 1   December 31   Percent
                                          ----------  -----------  ----------
                                             (Dollar amounts in thousands)

     <S>                                  <C>         <C>          <C>

     1995                                 $   97,493  $   220,506     226%
     1996                                    139,359      197,688     142
     1997                                    108,751      251,877     231
     1998                                    135,797      281,618     207
     1999                                    286,473      176,564      61

</TABLE>

No assurance can be given that future experience will be similar
to historical results in this respect.

                               19



<PAGE>


Competition

  The Company operates in a highly competitive environment.  The
Company competes against government-owned or supported companies
and other companies that have financial and other resources
substantially in excess of those available to the Company.  In
certain markets, there is competition from national and regional
firms against which the Company may not be price competitive.

  The Company's primary competitors on construction projects in
developing countries include Entrepose (France), Mannesmann
(Germany), CCC (Lebanon), Nippon Kokan (Japan), Saipem (Italy),
Spie-Capag (France), Techint (Argentina) and Bechtel (U.S.).  The
Company believes that it is one of the few companies among its
competitors possessing the ability to carry out large projects in
developing countries on a turnkey basis (engineering, procurement
and construction), without subcontracting major elements of the
work.  As a result, the Company may be more cost effective than
its competitors in certain instances.

  The Company has different competitors in different markets.  In
Nigeria, the Company competes for pipe coating work with Bredero
Price (Netherlands), while its dredging competitors include Bos
Kalis Westminster (Netherlands), Dredging International
(Belgium), Bilfinger + Berger (Germany), Nigerian Dredging &
Marine (Netherlands) and Ham Dredging (Netherlands). In Oman,
competitors in oil field transport services include Desert Line,
Al Ahram, Hamdam and TruckOman, all Omani companies; and in
construction and the installation of flowlines and mechanical
services, the Company competes with Taylor Woodrow Towell
(Britain), CCC (Lebanon), Dodsal (India), Saipem (Italy), Desert
Line (Oman) and Galfar (Oman).  In Venezuela, competitors in
marine support services include Raymond de Venezuela, Petrolago,
Flag Instalaciones and Siemogas, all Venezuelan companies. In
Indonesia, major competitors include Saipem (Italy), Spie-Capag
(France), McConnell Dowell (Australia) and Mannesmann (Germany).

  In the United States, the Company's primary construction
competitors on a national basis include Associated, Gregory &
Cook, Henkels & McCoy, Murphy Brothers, H. C. Price, Sheehan and
Welded.  In addition, there are a number of regional competitors.
Primary competitors for engineering services include Bechtel,
Brown and Root, Gulf Interstate, Marmac, Fluor Daniel Williams
Brothers, Mustang Engineering, Stone & Webster, Paragon
Engineering, Trigon Engineering and Universal Ensco.


Contract Provisions and Subcontracting

  Most of the Company's revenues are derived from construction,
engineering and specialty services contracts.  The Company enters
into four basic types of construction contracts: (a) firm fixed-
price or lump sum fixed-price contracts providing for a single
price for the total amount of work or for a number of fixed lump
sums for the various work elements comprising the total price;
(b) unit-price contracts which specify a price for each unit of
work performed; (c) time and materials contracts under which
personnel and equipment are provided under an agreed schedule of
daily rates with other direct costs being reimbursable; and (d) a
combination of the above (for example, lump sums for certain
items and unit rates for others).

  The Company enters into three types of engineering contracts:
firm fixed-price or lump sum fixed-price contracts; time and
materials contracts pursuant to which engineering services are
provided under an agreed schedule of hourly rates for different
categories of personnel, and materials and other direct costs are
reimbursable; and cost-plus-fee contracts, common with U.S.
government clients under which income is earned solely from the
fee received.  Cost-plus-fee contracts are often used for
material procurement services.

  Specialty services contracts generally are unit-price
contracts, which specify a price payable per unit of work
performed (e.g., per cubic meter, per lineal meter, etc.).  Such
contracts usually include hourly rates for various categories of
personnel and equipment to be applied in cases where no unit
price exists for a particular work element.  Under a services
contract, the client is typically responsible for supplying all

                               20



<PAGE>


materials; a cost-plus-percentage-fee provision is generally
included in the contract to enable the client to direct the
contractor to furnish certain materials.

  The Company usually obtains contracts through competitive
bidding or through negotiations with long-standing clients.  The
Company is typically invited to bid on projects undertaken by its
clients who maintain approved bidder lists. Bidders are pre-
qualified by virtue of their prior performance for such clients,
as well as their experience, reputation for quality, safety
record, financial strength and bonding capacity.

  In evaluating bid opportunities, the Company considers such
factors as the client, the geographic location and the difficulty
of the work, the Company's current and projected workload, the
likelihood of additional work, the project's cost and
profitability estimates, and the Company's competitive advantage
relative to other likely bidders.  The Company uses a computer-
based estimating system.  The bid estimate forms the basis of a
project budget against which performance is tracked through a
project control system, enabling management to monitor projects
effectively.  Project costs are accumulated weekly and monitored
against billings and payments to facilitate cash flow management
on the project.

  All U.S. government contracts and many of the Company's other
contracts provide for termination of the contract for the
convenience of the client.  In addition, many contracts are
subject to certain completion schedule requirements with
liquidated damages in the event schedules are not met as the
result of circumstances within the control of Willbros.  As an
example, the Australian project, which is currently behind
schedule and over budget, is subject to liquidated damages if the
project is not complete by July 1, 2000.  The Company has not
been materially adversely affected by these provisions in the
past.

  The Company acts as prime contractor on a majority of the
construction projects it undertakes.  In its capacity as prime
contractor and when acting as a subcontractor, the Company
performs most of the work on its projects with its own resources
and typically subcontracts only such specialized activities as
hazardous waste removal, non-destructive inspection, tank
erection, catering and security.  In the construction industry,
the prime contractor is normally responsible for the performance
of the entire contract, including subcontract work.  Thus, when
acting as a prime contractor, the Company is subject to the risk
associated with the failure of one or more subcontractors to
perform as anticipated.  The Company has not incurred any
significant loss or liability on work performed by subcontractors
to date.


Employees

  The Company believes its employees are its most valuable asset
and that their loyalty, productivity, pioneering spirit, work
ethic and strong commitment in providing quality services have
been crucial elements in the successes Willbros has achieved on
numerous projects in remote, logistically challenging locations
around the world.

  At December 31, 1999, the Company employed a multi-national
work force of approximately 2,030 persons, over 80 percent of whom
are citizens of the respective countries in which they work.
Although the level of activity varies from year to year, Willbros
has maintained an average work force of approximately 3,290 over
the past five years.  The minimum employment during that period
has been 2,010 and the maximum 4,750.  At December 31, 1999,
approximately 1,210 of the Company's employees were covered by
collective bargaining agreements.  The Company believes its
relations with its employees are good.

                               21



<PAGE>


  The following table sets forth an approximate breakdown of the
Company's employees as of December 31, 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Number of
                                                       Employees    Percent
                                                       ----------  ----------

     <S>                                               <C>         <C>

     Nigeria                                             1,010         50%
     Oman                                                  300         15
     Venezuela                                             330         16
     Indonesia                                              20          1
     Australia                                              20          1
     U.S. Engineering                                      220         10
     U.S. Administration                                   110          5
     U.S. Construction                                      10          1
     Other Countries                                        10          1
                                                       ----------  ----------
                                                         2,030        100%
                                                       ==========  ==========
</TABLE>


Equipment

  The Company owns and maintains a fleet of generally
standardized construction, transportation and support equipment
and spare parts.  In 1999 and 1998, expenditures for capital
equipment and spare parts were $12.2 million and $36.1 million,
respectively.  At December 31, 1999, the Company's net book value
of property, plant, equipment and spare parts was $71.4 million.
An estimated breakdown of the Company's major capital equipment
at March 2, 2000, is as follows: heavy construction equipment,
676 units; transportation equipment, 926 units; and support
equipment, 5,278 units. During 1999, surplus equipment with a net
book value of $14.2 million was sold for approximately $20.0
million, resulting in a gain of $2.9 million after selling
expenses.

  Historically, the Company has preferred to own rather than
lease equipment to ensure that standardized equipment is
available as needed.  The Company believes that ownership of
standardized equipment has resulted in lower equipment costs.
However, depending on market conditions, the availability of
equipment and other considerations, the Company may from time to
time pursue the leasing of equipment to support projects and may
dispose of surplus equipment.  The Company attempts to obtain
projects that will keep its equipment fully utilized in order to
increase profitability.  All equipment is subject to scheduled
maintenance to maximize fleet readiness.  The Company has
maintenance facilities at Port Harcourt, Nigeria; Azaiba, Oman;
Maracaibo, Venezuela; and Broken Arrow, Oklahoma; as well as
temporary site facilities on major jobs to minimize downtime.


Facilities

  The Company owns a 14-acre equipment yard/maintenance facility
and an adjoining 29-acre undeveloped industrial site at Broken
Arrow, Oklahoma, a short distance from Tulsa, Oklahoma.  In
Venezuela, the Company's offices and construction facilities are
located on 15 acres of land, which it owns, on the shores of Lake
Maracaibo.  The Company leases all other facilities used in its
operations, including corporate offices in Panama; administrative
and engineering offices in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Houston, Texas;
and various office facilities, equipment sites and expatriate
housing units in Abu Dhabi, England, Nigeria, Oman, Egypt, Kuwait
and Indonesia.  The aggregate lease payments made by the Company
for its facilities were $2.3 million in 1999 and $3.3 million in
1998.


Insurance and Bonding

  The Company maintains workers' compensation, employers'
liability, general liability, directors' and officers' liability,
automobile liability, aircraft liability, marine liability and
excess liability insurance to

                               22



<PAGE>


provide benefits to employees and to protect the Company against
claims by third parties.  Such insurance is underwritten by A+ or
better rated insurance companies (AM Best rating as to claims
paying ability) and, when possible, in loss-sensitive plans with
return premiums for favorable loss experience.  The Company also
maintains physical damage insurance covering loss of or damage to
Company property on a worldwide basis, with special insurance
covering loss or damage caused by political or terrorist risks in
locations where such coverage is deemed prudent.  Formal risk
management and safety programs are maintained, which have
resulted in favorable loss ratios and cost savings.  The Company
believes its risk management, safety and insurance programs are
adequate to meet its needs.

  The Company is often required to provide surety bonds
guaranteeing its performance and/or financial obligations.  The
amounts of bonding available depend upon experience and
reputation in the industry, financial condition, backlog and
management expertise, among other factors.  The Company maintains
relationships with two top-rated surety companies to provide
surety bonds.


Political and Economic Risks; Operational Risks

  The Company has substantial operations and assets in developing
countries in Africa, Asia, the Middle East and South America.
Accordingly, the Company is subject to risks which ordinarily
would not be expected to exist in the United States, Canada,
Japan or western Europe.  Some of these risks include foreign
currency restrictions (such as those which existed in Venezuela
until 1996), extreme exchange rate fluctuations (for example, in
Venezuela and Nigeria), expropriation of assets, civil uprisings
and riots, availability of suitable personnel and equipment,
government instability and legal systems of decrees, laws,
regulations, interpretations and court decisions which are not
always fully developed and which may be retroactively applied.
The Company's operations in developing countries may be adversely
affected in the event any governmental agencies in these
countries interpret laws, regulations or court decisions in a
manner which might be considered inconsistent or inequitable in
the United States, Canada, Japan or western Europe.  The Company
may be subject to unanticipated taxes including income taxes,
excise duties, import taxes, export taxes, sales taxes, or other
governmental assessments, which could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's results of operations for any quarter or
year.

  Given the unpredictable nature of the risks described in the
preceding paragraph, there can be no assurance that such risks
will not result in a loss of business which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's results of operations.  The
Company has attempted to mitigate the risks of doing business in
developing countries by separately incorporating its operations
in many such countries; working with local partners in certain
countries; contracting whenever possible with major international
oil and gas companies; obtaining sizeable down payments or
securing payment guarantees; entering into contracts providing
for payment in U.S. dollars instead of the local currency
whenever possible; maintaining reserves for credit losses;
maintaining insurance on equipment against certain political
risks and terrorism; and limiting its capital investment in each
country.  The Company retains local advisors to assist it in
interpreting the laws, practices and customs of the countries in
which the Company operates.

  From time to time, international oil companies operating in
Nigeria, including Royal Dutch Shell, have expressed concern over
the Nigerian government's tardiness in meeting its payment
obligations and have threatened to reduce their planned
investments, and/or cut production, in Nigeria.  In addition,
indecision by the Nigerian government over agreeing to budget
expenditure plans for oil companies involved in joint ventures
with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation may also lead
these companies to curtail their planned investments in Nigeria.
Any such reduction in the level of investment or production could
reduce the amount of contract work awarded in Nigeria, which
could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its
results of operations.  The Company cannot predict whether any
such actions will be taken in the future and, if taken, the
extent to which such actions would impact current or future
prospects of the Company in Nigeria.

  During 1999, local protestors looted and vandalized a Company
facility near Port Harcourt, Nigeria.  Reports of similar
disturbances were frequent within the country during 1999, with
many of the oil

                               23



<PAGE>


production and oilfield services companies sustaining similar
problems.  While the disturbance interfered with the Company's
operations, progress on some ongoing projects was not halted.
The Nigerian government intervened and restored order in the
area.  The Company has successfully operated in Nigeria for the
past 37 years with very favorable relationships with the local
communities, and believes that order can be maintained and that
it can continue to operate in the area.

  Due to the limited number of major projects worldwide, the
Company may, at any one time, have a substantial portion of its
resources dedicated to one country.  The Company's results of
operations are, therefore, susceptible to adverse events beyond
its control, which may occur in a particular country in which the
Company's business may be concentrated.

  The Company's operations include pipeline construction,
dredging, pipeline rehabilitation services, marine support
services and the operation of vessels and heavy equipment.  These
operations involve a high degree of operational risk.  Natural
disasters, adverse weather conditions, collisions, and operator
or navigational error could cause personal injury or loss of
life, severe damage to and destruction of property, equipment and
the environment and suspension of operations.  In locations where
we perform work with equipment that is owned by others, our
continued use of equipment can be subject to unexpected or
arbitrary interruption or termination.  The occurrence of any of
these events could result in work stoppage, loss of revenue,
casualty loss, increased costs and significant liability to third
parties.  Litigation arising from the occurrence of any of these
events could result in the Company being named as a defendant in
lawsuits asserting substantial claims.

  The Company maintains risk management and safety programs to
mitigate the effects of loss or damage.  While the Company
maintains such insurance protection as it deems prudent, there
can be no assurance that any such insurance will be sufficient or
effective under all circumstances or against all hazards to which
the Company may be subject.  An enforceable claim for which the
Company is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect
on the Company.  Moreover, no assurance can be given that the
Company will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future
at rates that it considers reasonable.


Government Regulations

 General

  Many aspects of the Company's operations are subject to
government regulations in the countries in which the Company
operates, including those relating to currency conversion and
repatriation, taxation of its earnings and earnings of its
personnel, and its use of local employees and suppliers.  In
addition, the Company depends on the demand for its services from
the oil and gas industry and, therefore, is affected by changing
taxes, price controls and laws and regulations relating to the
oil and gas industry generally.  The ability of the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries to meet and maintain production
targets also influences the demand for the Company's services.
The adoption of laws and regulations by countries in which the
Company operates, curtailing exploration and development drilling
for oil and gas for economic and other policy reasons, could
adversely affect the Company's operations by limiting demand for
its services.  The Company's operations are also subject to the
risk of changes in foreign and domestic laws and policies which
may impose restrictions on the Company, including trade
restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company's operations.  Other types of government regulation which
could, if enacted or implemented, adversely affect the Company's
operations include expropriation or nationalization decrees,
confiscatory tax systems, primary or secondary boycotts directed
at specific countries or companies, embargoes, extensive import
restrictions or other trade barriers, mandatory sourcing rules
and unrealistically high labor rate and fuel price regulation.
The Company cannot determine to what extent future operations and
earnings of the Company may be affected by new legislation, new
regulations or changes in, or new interpretations of, existing
regulations.

                               24



<PAGE>



 Environmental

  The Company's operations are subject to numerous environmental
protection laws and regulations, which are complex and stringent.
The Company regularly works in and around sensitive environmental
areas such as rivers, lakes and wetlands.  Significant fines and
penalties may be imposed for non-compliance with environmental
laws and regulations, and certain environmental laws provide for
joint and several strict liability for remediation of releases of
hazardous substances, rendering a person liable for environmental
damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such
person.  In addition to potential liabilities that may be
incurred in satisfying these requirements, the Company may be
subject to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as
a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances. Such laws
and regulations may expose the Company to liability arising out
of the conduct of operations or conditions caused by others, or
for the acts of the Company which were in compliance with all
applicable laws at the time such acts were performed.  The
Company is not aware of any non-compliance with or liability
under any environmental law that could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business or operations.


Item 3.   Legal Proceedings

   The Company is a party to a number of legal proceedings.   The
Company  believes that the nature and number of these proceedings
are  typical for a firm of its size engaged in the Company's type
of business and that none of these proceedings is material to the
Company's financial position.


Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

  No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders during
the fourth quarter of 1999 through the solicitation of proxies or
otherwise.


Item 4A.  Executive Officers of the Registrant

  The following table sets forth certain information regarding
the executive officers and key personnel of the Company.
Officers are elected annually by, and serve at the discretion of,
the Board of Directors.

Name                  Age                Position
- ----                  ---   ------------------------------------------------
Larry J. Bump         60    Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors
                            and Chief Executive Officer

Michael F. Curran     59    Director,  Vice Chairman of the Board of
                            Directors, President and Chief Operating Officer

Melvin F. Spreitzer   61    Director, Executive Vice President, Chief
                            Financial Officer and Treasurer

James R. Beasley      57    President of Willbros Engineers, Inc.

John N. Hove          52    General Counsel and Secretary

William R. Phillips   49    President and Chief Executive
                            Officer of Rogers & Phillips, Inc.

David L. Kavanaugh    52    Senior Vice President of Willbros
                            International, Inc.

                               25



<PAGE>


Name                  Age                Position
- ----                  ---   -----------------------------------------------

Joel M. Gall          51    Vice President of Willbros International, Inc.

Arthur J. West        56    Vice President of Willbros International, Inc.

Adrian P. Wright      53    Vice President of Willbros International, Inc.

Lance H. Foster       41    President of Willbros Energy Services Company

Carlos A. Atik        36    General Manager of Willbros Construction &
                            Engineering-Egypt, LLC

Monica M. Bagguley    59    Director of Willbros (Overseas) Limited

Latif A. Razek        59    General Manager of The Oman Construction
                            Company, LLC

G. Patrick Riga       44    General Manager of Constructora CAMSA, C.A.

J. K. Tillery         41    Managing Director of Willbros (Nigeria)
                            Limited

  Larry J. Bump joined Willbros in 1977 as President and Chief
Operating Officer and was elected to the Board of Directors. He
was named Chief Executive Officer in 1980 and elected Chairman of
the Board of Directors in 1981.  His forty-year career includes
significant U.S. and international management experience.  Prior
to joining Willbros, he managed major international projects in
North Africa and the Middle East, and was Chief Executive Officer
of a major international pipeline construction company.  From
1985 until mid-1988, he also served as Chief Executive Officer of
a major international marine engineering and construction
company, which at that time was the controlling shareholder of
Willbros.

  Michael F. Curran joined Willbros in 2000 as a Director, Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Operating
Officer.  Mr. Curran has over 35 years of diversified experience
of pipeline construction around the world, including 30 years as
President and Chief Executive Officer of various pipeline
construction firms.

  Melvin F. Spreitzer joined Willbros in 1974 as Controller and
was elected Vice President of Finance in 1978.  He was elected
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
in 1987, and a Director in 1992. He has over 43 years of
experience in corporate finance and public accounting.

  James R. Beasley joined Willbros in 1981 when Willbros
Engineers, Inc. ("WEI") was acquired.  He was elected Vice
President of WEI in 1981, Senior Vice President and General
Manager of WEI in 1982 and President of WEI in 1986.  Mr. Beasley
has more than 29 years of experience in pipeline engineering and
operations.

  John N. Hove became General Counsel of Willbros in 1991.  He
was elected Secretary of Willbros in 1996.  He has more than 28
years of experience as a lawyer and has provided legal assistance
to Willbros since 1973. Prior to 1991, he was a shareholder in a
law firm in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he concentrated his practice
on international business transactions.

  William R. Phillips joined Willbros in 2000 when Rogers &
Phillips, Inc. ("RPI") was acquired.  He was elected Vice
President of RPI in 1992, and President and Chief Executive
Officer of RPI in 1997.  Mr. Phillips has more than 26 years of
experience in pipeline construction.

  David L. Kavanaugh joined Willbros in 1977 as an engineer
assigned to Saudi Arabia.  From 1979 until 1988, he served as
Project Engineer and Project Manager in Nigeria.  From 1988 to
1991, he managed construction projects in Gabon and Colombia.  In
1991, he was elected Vice President of

                               26



<PAGE>



Willbros International, Inc. ("WII"), and in 1995 he was promoted
to Senior Vice President of operations and business development
for WII.  Mr. Kavanaugh has over 29 years of pipeline
construction experience.

  Joel M. Gall joined Willbros in 1978 as an Office Manager in
the Middle East.  He was transferred to Nigeria in 1979 where he
served as Administrative Manager, General Manager and Managing
Director until 1991 when he was elected Vice President of WII.
Since 1994, he has been responsible for business development
activities in Southeast Asia and Australia.  Mr. Gall has over 28
years of experience in the international pipeline construction
industry.

  Arthur J. West joined Willbros in 1962 in North Africa.  In
1988, he became Vice President of Willbros Middle East, Inc.
("WMEI") and, in 1992, he was elected Vice President of WII and
became responsible for business development and operations for
WMEI in the Middle East.  Mr. West has over 34 years of
experience in pipeline construction in the areas of
administrative and project management.

  Adrian P. Wright joined Willbros in 1973 as an engineer
assigned to Algeria.  From 1974 until 1982, he served as Project
Engineer and Project Manager in Nigeria.  From 1982 to 1992, he
served as Project Manager in Oman, Colombia and the United
States.  In 1992, Mr. Wright was elected Vice President of WII,
and he is currently responsible for WII's estimating and
technical services.  Mr. Wright has over 33 years of experience
in the construction industry.

  Lance H. Foster was employed by WEI from 1990 to 1992 as a
Design Engineer and Project Engineer.  He was Manager of
Engineering for EVI Cherrington Environmental from 1992 to 1993,
Project Manager for WEI from 1993 to 1994 and Manager of Pipeline
Construction for ARB, Incorporated from 1994 to 1996.  He
subsequently joined Willbros USA, Inc. as an estimator/project
manager in 1996, was promoted to Vice President of Willbros
Energy Services Company in January 1998, and promoted to
President of WESCO in 2000.  Mr. Foster has over 22 years of
experience in pipeline construction in the areas of estimating,
planning, administration, and management.

  Carlos A. Atik joined Willbros in 1991 as an assistant Project
Manager in Egypt.  He assumed the duties of Project Manager in
1992 and continued in that role until 1995 when he was named
General Manager of Willbros Construction & Engineering-Egypt, LLC.
Mr. Atik has over 15 years of engineering and construction
experience in Africa and the Middle East.

  Monica M. Bagguley joined Willbros (Overseas) Limited ("WOL")
in 1974. Since 1985, she has served as Director of Personnel and
Purchasing for WOL.  Ms. Bagguley has over 24 years of experience
in international personnel management and project procurement.

  Latif A. Razek joined Willbros in 1973 and was promoted to
General Manager of The Oman Construction Company, L.L.C. in 1999.
He has over 27 years of experience in the pipeline construction
industry.

  G. Patrick Riga joined Willbros in 1981 in Oman as a
warehouseman.  From 1985 to 1988, he served in administrative
capacities in Colombia and Ecuador.  From 1989 until 1994, he was
employed by HDI, a horizontal drilling company. He rejoined the
Company in 1994 as Assistant General Manager in Venezuela and, in
1995, was promoted to General Manager of Constructora CAMSA, C.A.
Mr. Riga has over 21 years of experience in the pipeline
industry, including operations, quality control and
administrative management.

  J. K. Tillery joined Willbros in 1983 as a field engineer.  He
has over 19 years of experience as an Engineer and Project
Manager working in both U.S. and international pipeline
construction.  In 1995, he was named Managing Director of
Willbros (Nigeria) Limited.

                               27



<PAGE>


                             PART II


Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
          Stockholder Matters

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from (a) the section on page 48 of the Company's 1999
Annual Report to Stockholders entitled "Common Stock Information
and Dividend Policy" and (b) the section on pages 27 and 28 of
the Company's 1999 Annual Report to Stockholders entitled
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations - Capital Structure, Liquidity and Capital
Resources."


Item 6.   Selected Financial Data

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from page 21 of the Company's 1999 Annual Report to
Stockholders.


Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
          Condition and Results of Operations

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from pages 22 through 28 of the Company's 1999 Annual
Report to Stockholders.


Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
          Risk

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from page 28 of the Company's 1999 Annual Report to
Stockholders entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Financial Risk
Management."


Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from pages 29 through 47 of the Company's 1999 Annual
Report to Stockholders.


Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
          Accounting and Financial Disclosure

  None.

                            PART III


Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

  The information required by this Item with respect to the
Company's directors is incorporated by reference from the
sections of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2000
Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") entitled
"Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance."  The information required by this Item
with respect to the Company's executive officers appears in Item
4A of Part I of this Form 10-K.

                               28



<PAGE>


Item 11.  Executive Compensation

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the section of the Proxy Statement entitled
"Executive Compensation."


Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
          Management

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the section of the Proxy Statement entitled
"Principal Stockholders and Security Ownership of Management."


Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

  The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the section of the Proxy Statement entitled
"Certain Transactions."


                             PART IV


Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports
          on Form 8-K

(a)   (1)  Financial Statements:

  The financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
and report of independent auditors listed below are incorporated
by reference from the following pages of the Company's 1999
Annual Report to Stockholders:



                                                           1999
                                                       Annual Report
                                                          Page(s)
                                                      ---------------


  Report of Independent Auditors                            29
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
   December 31, 1999 and 1998                               30
  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
   years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997             31
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for
   the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997         32
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
   years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997             33
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               34-47


                                                           1999
                                                         Form 10-K
                                                          Page(s)
                                                      ---------------

  (2)  Financial Statement Schedule:


  Independent Auditors' Report                              33
  Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and
   Qualifying Accounts                                      34

  All other schedules are omitted as inapplicable or because the
required information is contained in the financial statements or
included in the footnotes thereto.

                               29



<PAGE>


  (3) Exhibits:

  The following documents are included as exhibits to this Form 10-K.
Those exhibits below incorporated by reference herein are
indicated as such by the information supplied in the
parenthetical thereafter.  If no parenthetical appears after an
exhibit, such exhibit is filed herewith.

3.1    Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  the
       Company  (Filed  as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's  report  on
       Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 1998,  filed
       November 16, 1998).

3.2    Restated By-laws of the Company (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
       Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-1,  Registration
       No. 333-5413 (the "S-1 Registration Statement")).

4.1    Form  of  stock certificate for the Company's Common  Stock,
       par  value  $.05 per share (Filed as Exhibit 4  to  the
       S-1 Registration Statement).

4.2    Rights  Agreement, dated April 1, 1999, between the  Company
       and  ChaseMellon  Shareholder Services,  L.L.C.,  as  Rights
       Agent  (Filed  as  an Exhibit to the Company's  Registration
       Statement on Form 8-A, dated April 9, 1999).

4.3    Certificate  of Designation of Series A Junior Participating
       Preferred Stock of the Company (Filed as Exhibit  3  to  the
       Company's  report on Form 10-Q for the quarter  ended
       March 31, 1999, filed May 17, 1999).

10.1   Credit  Agreement dated February 20, 1997, by and among  the
       Company,  certain designated subsidiaries,  Credit  Lyonnais
       New    York   Branch,   as   co-agent,   certain   financial
       institutions,  and ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as  agent  (Filed  as
       Exhibit  10.1 to the Company's report on Form 10-K  for  the
       year  ended  December 31, 1996, filed March  31,  1997  (the
       "1996 Form 10-K")).

10.2   Parent  Pledge  Agreement dated February 20,  1997,  by  the
       Company, in favor of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as agent (Filed  as
       Exhibit 10.2 to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.3   Pledge  Agreement dated February 20, 1997, by Musketeer  Oil
       B.V.,  in  favor of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as agent  (Filed  as
       Exhibit 10.3 to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.4   Pledge  Agreement dated February 20, 1997, by Willbros  USA,
       Inc.,  in  favor of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as agent  (Filed  as
       Exhibit 10.4 to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.5*  Form  of Indemnification Agreement between the Company
       and   its  officers  (Filed  as  Exhibit  10.7  to  the
       S-1 Registration Statement).

10.6*  Form  of Indemnification Agreement between the Company
       and  its  directors  (Filed  as Exhibit  10.16  to  the
       S-1 Registration Statement).

10.7*  Willbros Group, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (Filed as
       Exhibit 10.8 to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.8*  Amendment Number 1 to Willbros Group, Inc. 1996  Stock
       Plan  dated  February 24, 1999 (Filed as Exhibit  A  to  the
       Company's Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders
       dated March 31, 1999).

10.9*  Form  of  Incentive Stock Option Agreement  under  the
       Willbros Group, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.13
       to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.10* Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the
       Willbros Group, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.14
       to the 1996 Form 10-K).

                               30



<PAGE>



10.11* Willbros  Group, Inc. Director Stock  Plan  (Filed  as
       Exhibit 10.9 to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.12* Willbros USA, Inc. Executive Benefit Restoration  Plan
       (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.13* Form  of  Secured Promissory Note under  the  Willbros
       International,  Inc. and Willbros USA, Inc. 1995  Management
       Personnel  Non-Qualified  Stock Ownership  Plans  (Filed  as
       Exhibit 10.11 to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.14* Form  of  Secured Promissory Note under  the  Willbros
       International, Inc. and Willbros USA, Inc. 1992 Employee Non-
       Qualified Stock Ownership Plans (Filed as Exhibit  10.12  to
       the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.15  Registration  Rights Agreement dated  April  9,  1992,
       between the Company and Heerema Holding Construction,  Inc.,
       Yorktown  Energy Partners, L.P., Concord Partners II,  L.P.,
       Concord   Partners   Japan   Limited   and   certain   other
       stockholders of the Company (Filed as Exhibit 10.13  to  the
       S-1 Registration Statement).

10.16* Willbros  Group, Inc. Severance Plan dated January  1, 1999
       (Filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's report on Form 10-K
       for the year ended December 31, 1998, filed March  31,
       1999 (the "1998 Form 10-K")).

10.17* Separation Agreement and Release dated March 31, 1999,
       by  and  between  Willbros USA, Inc. and M.  Kieth  Phillips
       (Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

10.18* Consulting Services Agreement dated April 1, 1999,  by  and
       between Willbros International, Inc.  and M. Kieth Phillips
       (Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

10.19  First  Amendment to Credit Agreement  dated  April  2,
       1998,   by   and  among  the  Company,  certain   designated
       subsidiaries, Credit Lyonnais New York Branch, as  co-agent,
       certain  financial institutions, and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.,  as
       agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

10.20  Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October  1,
       1998,   by   and  among  the  Company,  certain   designated
       subsidiaries, Credit Lyonnais New York Branch, as  co-agent,
       certain  financial institutions, and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.,  as
       agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

13.    Portions   of   the  Company's  1999  Annual   Report   to
       Stockholders.

21.    Subsidiaries of the Company.

23.    Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick.

27.    Financial Data Schedule.

- ------------------
* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K.

     No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fourth quarter of
     1999.

                               31


<PAGE>




                           SIGNATURES


  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

                               WILLBROS GROUP, INC.


Date: March 30, 2000           By:  /s/  Larry J. Bump
                                    ----------------------------------
                                    Larry J. Bump
                                    Chairman of the Board and
                                    Chief Executive Officer

  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated:

Signature                   Title                          Date
- ----------                  -----                          ----

/s/  Larry J. Bump          Director, Chairman             March 30, 2000
- --------------------------  of the Board and Chief
Larry J. Bump               Executive Officer (Principal
                            Executive Officer)


/s/  Michael F. Curran      Director, Vice Chairman of     March 30, 2000
- --------------------------  the Board, President and
Michael F. Curran           Chief Operating Officer


/s/  Melvin F. Spreitzer    Director, Executive            March 30, 2000
- --------------------------  Vice President,
Melvin F. Spreitzer         Chief Financial Officer
                            and Treasurer
                            (Principal Financial
                            Officer and Principal
                            Accounting Officer)


/s/  Guy E. Waldvogel       Director                       March 30, 2000
- --------------------------
Guy E. Waldvogel


/s/  Peter A. Leidel        Director                       March 30, 2000
- --------------------------
Peter A. Leidel


/s/  John H. Williams       Director                       March 30, 2000
- --------------------------
John H. Williams


/s/  Michael J. Pink        Director                       March 30, 2000
- --------------------------
Michael J. Pink


/s/  James B. Taylor, Jr.   Director                       March 30, 2000
- --------------------------
James B. Taylor, Jr.

                               32



<PAGE>








                INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT ON
           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE



The Stockholders and Board of Directors
Willbros Group, Inc.:

  The audits referred to in our report dated February 11, 2000
included the related consolidated financial statement schedule
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
1999.  This consolidated financial statement schedule is the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statement
schedule based on our audits.  In our opinion, such consolidated
financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the
basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set
forth therein.


                                   KPMG


Panama City, Panama
February 11, 2000


                               33



<PAGE>






                      WILLBROS GROUP, INC.
  SCHEDULE II - CONSOLIDATED VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                         (In thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                               Charged
                                                              (Credited)
                                                  Balance at   to Costs
                                                  Beginning      and
    Year Ended              Description            of Year     Expenses
    ----------        -----------------------     ----------  -----------

<S>                   <C>                         <C>         <C>

December 31, 1997     Allowance for bad debts     $    1,119  $        (8)

December 31, 1998     Allowance for bad debts     $    1,001  $        72

December 31, 1999     Allowance for bad debts     $      988  $       573


- -CONTINUED-


                                                    Charge      Balance
                                                   Offs and     at End
    Year Ended              Description             Other       of Year
    ----------        -----------------------     ----------  -----------

<S>                   <C>                         <C>         <C>

December 31, 1997     Allowance for bad debts     $     (110) $     1,001

December 31, 1998     Allowance for bad debts     $      (85) $       988

December 31, 1999     Allowance for bad debts     $     (294) $     1,267


                               34



<PAGE>


                        INDEX TO EXHIBITS

  The following documents are included as exhibits to this Form 10-K.
Those exhibits below incorporated by reference herein are
indicated as such by the information supplied in the
parenthetical thereafter.  If no parenthetical appears after an
exhibit, such exhibit is filed herewith.

Exhibit
Number                      Description
- ------                      -----------

3.1     Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  the
        Company  (Filed  as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's  report  on
        Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 1998,  filed
        November 16, 1998).

3.2     Restated By-laws of the Company (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
        Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-1,  Registration
        No. 333-5413 (the "S-1 Registration Statement")).

4.1     Form  of  stock certificate for the Company's Common  Stock,
        par  value  $.05 per share (Filed as Exhibit 4  to  the
        S-1 Registration Statement).

4.2     Rights  Agreement, dated April 1, 1999, between the  Company
        and  ChaseMellon  Shareholder Services,  L.L.C.,  as  Rights
        Agent  (Filed  as  an Exhibit to the Company's  Registration
        Statement on Form 8-A, dated April 9, 1999).

4.3     Certificate  of Designation of Series A Junior Participating
        Preferred Stock of the Company (Filed as Exhibit  3  to  the
        Company's  report on Form 10-Q for the quarter  ended
        March 31, 1999, filed May 17, 1999).

10.1    Credit  Agreement dated February 20, 1997, by and among  the
        Company,  certain designated subsidiaries,  Credit  Lyonnais
        New    York   Branch,   as   co-agent,   certain   financial
        institutions,  and ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as  agent  (Filed  as
        Exhibit  10.1 to the Company's report on Form 10-K  for  the
        year  ended  December 31, 1996, filed March  31,  1997  (the
        "1996 Form 10-K")).

10.2    Parent  Pledge  Agreement dated February 20,  1997,  by  the
        Company, in favor of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as agent (Filed  as
        Exhibit 10.2 to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.3    Pledge  Agreement dated February 20, 1997, by Musketeer  Oil
        B.V.,  in  favor of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as agent  (Filed  as
        Exhibit 10.3 to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.4    Pledge  Agreement dated February 20, 1997, by Willbros  USA,
        Inc.,  in  favor of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as agent  (Filed  as
        Exhibit 10.4 to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.5*   Form  of Indemnification Agreement between the Company
        and   its  officers  (Filed  as  Exhibit  10.7  to  the
        S-1 Registration Statement).

10.6*   Form  of Indemnification Agreement between the Company
        and  its  directors  (Filed  as Exhibit  10.16  to  the
        S-1 Registration Statement).

10.7*   Willbros Group, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.8
        to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.8*   Amendment Number 1 to Willbros Group, Inc. 1996  Stock
        Plan  dated  February 24, 1999 (Filed as Exhibit  A  to  the
        Company's Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders
        dated March 31, 1999).

10.9*   Form  of  Incentive Stock Option Agreement  under  the
        Willbros Group, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.13
        to the 1996 Form 10-K).




<PAGE>


10.10* Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the
       Willbros Group, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.14
       to the 1996 Form 10-K).

10.11* Willbros  Group, Inc. Director Stock  Plan  (Filed  as
       Exhibit 10.9 to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.12* Willbros USA, Inc. Executive Benefit Restoration  Plan
       (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.13* Form  of  Secured Promissory Note under  the  Willbros
       International,  Inc. and Willbros USA, Inc. 1995  Management
       Personnel  Non-Qualified  Stock Ownership  Plans  (Filed  as
       Exhibit 10.11 to the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.14* Form  of  Secured Promissory Note under  the  Willbros
       International, Inc. and Willbros USA, Inc. 1992 Employee Non-
       Qualified Stock Ownership Plans (Filed as Exhibit  10.12  to
       the S-1 Registration Statement).

10.15  Registration  Rights Agreement dated  April  9,  1992,
       between the Company and Heerema Holding Construction,  Inc.,
       Yorktown  Energy Partners, L.P., Concord Partners II,  L.P.,
       Concord   Partners   Japan   Limited   and   certain   other
       stockholders of the Company (Filed as Exhibit 10.13  to  the
       S-1 Registration Statement).

10.16* Willbros  Group, Inc. Severance Plan dated January  1,
       1999 (Filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's report on Form 10-K
       for the year ended December 31, 1998, filed March  31,
       1999 (the "1998 Form 10-K")).

10.17* Separation Agreement and Release dated March 31, 1999,
       by  and  between  Willbros USA, Inc. and M.  Kieth  Phillips
       (Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

10.18* Consulting Services Agreement dated April 1, 1999,  by
       and  between  Willbros  International,  Inc.  and  M.  Kieth
       Phillips (Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

10.19  First  Amendment to Credit Agreement  dated  April  2,
       1998,   by   and  among  the  Company,  certain   designated
       subsidiaries, Credit Lyonnais New York Branch, as  co-agent,
       certain  financial institutions, and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.,  as
       agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

10.20  Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October  1,
       1998,   by   and  among  the  Company,  certain   designated
       subsidiaries, Credit Lyonnais New York Branch, as  co-agent,
       certain  financial institutions, and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.,  as
       agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the 1998 Form 10-K).

13.    Portions   of   the  Company's  1999  Annual   Report   to
       Stockholders.

21.    Subsidiaries of the Company.

23.    Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick.

27.    Financial Data Schedule.



</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 13


21

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

  <S>                                      <C>         <C>         <C>

  Statement of Operations Data:
    Contract revenue                       $  176,564  $  281,618  $  251,877
    Operating expenses:
      Contract cost                           145,498     220,360     182,435
      Depreciation and amortization            21,313      25,552      18,936
      General and administrative               27,548      32,383      29,118
      Compensation from changes
       in redemption value of
       common stock (1)                             -           -           -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------
    Operating income (loss)                   (17,795)      3,323      21,388
    Net interest income (expense)                 587        (484)        304
    Minority interest                          (1,541)     (1,132)     (1,911)
    Other income (expense)                      2,031      (1,502)         58
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------
    Income (loss) before income taxes         (16,718)        205      19,839
    Provision (credit) for income taxes         3,300       4,567       5,723
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------
    Net income (loss)                      $  (20,018) $   (4,362) $   14,116
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========
    Earnings (loss) per share (2):
      Basic                                $    (1.54) $     (.30) $      .97
      Diluted                              $    (1.54) $     (.30) $      .96
  Cash Flow Data:
    Cash provided by (used in):
      Operating activities                 $  (14,041) $   15,199  $   45,788
      Investing activities                      4,866     (34,684)    (46,386)
      Financing activities                      8,734     (15,506)     19,718
  Other Data:
    EBITDA (3)                             $    4,008  $   26,241  $   38,471
    Capital expenditures                   $   12,245  $   36,112  $   47,272
    Backlog (at period end)                $  253,080  $  286,473  $  135,797
    Number of employees (at
     period end)                                2,030       2,280       4,230
  Balance Sheet Data (at period end):
    Cash and cash equivalents              $    7,806  $    8,247  $   43,238
    Working capital                            25,801      13,495      39,563
    Total assets                              153,153     159,939     201,202
    Total debt                                 15,981         758       8,574
    Redemption value of common stock
     held by plan participants                      -           -           -
    Redeemable preferred stock                      -           -           -
    Stockholders' equity                       80,427     106,934     118,986


- -CONTINUED-


                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                      -----------------------
                                                          1996        1995
                                                       ----------  ----------

  <S>                                                  <C>         <C>

  Statement of Operations Data:
    Contract revenue                                   $  197,688  $  220,506
    Operating expenses:
      Contract cost                                       145,812     161,584
      Depreciation and amortization                        13,932      15,193
      General and administrative                           25,803      27,937
      Compensation from changes
       in redemption value of
       common stock (1)                                     6,122       2,100
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Operating income (loss)                                 6,019      13,692
    Net interest income (expense)                            (215)        144
    Minority interest                                      (2,220)     (1,589)
    Other income (expense)                                  1,472        (381)
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Income (loss) before income taxes                       5,056      11,866
    Provision (credit) for income taxes                     2,332         (75)
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Net income (loss)                                  $    2,724  $   11,941
                                                       ==========  ==========
    Earnings (loss) per share (2):
      Basic                                            $      .09  $      .84
      Diluted                                          $      .09  $      .84
  Cash Flow Data:
    Cash provided by (used in):
      Operating activities                             $   29,961  $   (8,396)
      Investing activities                                (24,072)    (18,558)
      Financing activities                                 (1,630)     (2,321)
  Other Data:
    EBITDA (3)                                         $   19,203  $   26,915
    Capital expenditures                               $   24,957  $   18,946
    Backlog (at period end)                            $  108,751  $  139,359
    Number of employees (at
     period end)                                            3,700       3,110
  Balance Sheet Data (at period end):
    Cash and cash equivalents                          $   24,118  $   19,859
    Working capital                                        36,723      38,767
    Total assets                                          147,465     149,954
    Total debt                                              1,340       3,119
    Redemption value of common stock
     held by plan participants                                  -       7,918
    Redeemable preferred stock                                  -      36,200
    Stockholders' equity                                   92,386      39,273


(1) Under the Company's stock ownership plans established in
    1992 and 1995, the Company had an obligation to purchase,
    under certain conditions and at a formula price, Common Stock
    held by retiring or terminating employees.  The Company
    recorded as noncash compensation expense the change in the
    redemption value at the end of each period using the maximum
    formula price.  In addition, in the third quarter of 1996, the
    Company recognized a noncash compensation expense of $4,695
    for the difference between the maximum redemption value of the
    shares subject to redemption and the initial public offering
    price.  The Company's stock redemption obligations terminated
    in the fourth quarter of 1996.
(2) Earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 1996
    is calculated after deducting $1,448 ($.10 per common share)
    of dividends on the Company's Preferred Stock.
(3) EBITDA represents earnings (net income) before interest,
    income taxes, depreciation and amortization.  Noncash
    compensation expenses have not been added back in calculating
    EBITDA.  EBITDA is not intended to represent cash flows for
    the period, nor has it been presented as an alternative to
    operating income as an indicator of operating performance.  It
    should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
    measures of performance prepared in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting principles.  See the Company's
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the Company's
    Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this
    Annual Report.  EBITDA is included in this Annual Report
    because it is a basis upon which the Company assesses its
    financial performance.

</TABLE>



<PAGE>

                                                                           22


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


GENERAL

   The Company derives its revenue from providing construction,
engineering and specialty services to the oil and gas industry
and government entities worldwide. The Company obtains contracts
for its work primarily by competitive bidding or through
negotiations with long-standing clients. Bidding activity,
backlog and revenue resulting from the award of contracts to the
Company may vary significantly from period to period.

   A number of factors relating to the Company's business affect
the Company's recognition of contract revenue. Revenue from fixed-
price construction and engineering contracts is recognized on the
percentage-of-completion method. Under this method, estimated
contract revenue is accrued based generally on the percentage
that costs to date bear to total estimated costs, taking into
consideration physical completion. Generally, the Company does
not recognize income on a fixed-price contract until the contract
is approximately 10 percent complete. Costs which are considered to
be reimbursable are excluded before the percentage-of-completion
calculation is made. Accrued revenue pertaining to reimbursables
is limited to the cost of the reimbursables. If a current
estimate of total contract cost indicates a loss on a contract,
the projected loss is recognized in full when determined. Revenue
from unit-price contracts is recognized as earned. Revenue from
change orders, extra work, variations in the scope of work and
claims is recognized when realization is assured.

   The Company derives its revenue from contracts with durations
from a few weeks to several months or in some cases more than a
year. Unit-price contracts provide relatively even quarterly
results; however, major projects are usually fixed-price
contracts that may result in uneven quarterly financial results
due to the nature of the work and the method by which revenue is
recognized. These financial factors, as well as external factors
such as weather, client needs, client delays in providing
approvals, labor availability, governmental regulation and
politics, may affect the progress of a project's completion and
thus the timing of revenue recognition. The Company believes that
its operating results should be evaluated over a relatively long
time horizon during which major contracts in progress are
completed and change orders, extra work, variations in the scope
of work and cost recoveries and other claims are negotiated and
realized.

   During 1999, the Company continued to experience reduced
demand for its services, especially high-margin construction
and specialty services, as a result of the low oil
prices.  With the recent increase in the price of oil, the
Company believes its clients will begin to increase their capital
spending budgets in 2000 and expects revenue in 2000 to exceed
that of 1999.

   Recently, local protesters looted and vandalized a Company
facility near Port Harcourt, Nigeria.  Reports of similar
disturbances have been frequent within the region during recent
months, with many of the oil production and


<PAGE>

23


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


oilfield services companies sustaining similar problems.
While the disturbance interfered with the Company's
operations, progress on some ongoing projects was not
halted.  The Nigerian government intervened and restored
order in the area.  At this time, it is not possible
to assess with certainty the impact the incident will
have on future operations.  The Company has successfully
operated in Nigeria for the past 38 years with very favorable
relationships with the local communities, and believes that order
can be maintained and that it can continue to operate in the
area.

   As previously noted, the Company uses EBITDA as part of its
overall assessment of financial performance by comparing EBITDA
between accounting periods. Management believes that EBITDA is
used by the financial community as a method of measuring
performance and of evaluating the market value of companies
considered to be in similar businesses to those of the Company.

   The Company recognizes anticipated contract revenue as backlog
when the award of a contract is reasonably assured.  Anticipated
revenue from post-contract award processes, including change
orders, extra work, variations in the scope of work and the
effect of escalation or currency fluctuation formulas, is not
added to backlog until realization is reasonably assured.  New
contract awards totaled $165.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 1999.  Additions to backlog during the period were
as follows:  construction, $70.8 million; engineering, $54.6
million; and specialty services, $39.8 million.  Backlog
decreases by type of service were as follows:  construction,
$84.7 million; engineering, $75.5 million; and specialty
services, $38.4 million.  Backlog at the end of the year was down
$33.4 million (12%) to $253.1 million and consisted of the
following: (a) construction, $140.8 million, down $13.9 million
(9%); (b) engineering, $31.0 million, down $20.9 million (40%);
and (c) specialty services, $81.3 million, up $1.4 million (2%).
Construction backlog included the construction portion of
engineering, procurement and construction projects in
Nigeria and a construction project in Australia.  Specialty
services backlog was primarily attributable to two major
contracts: a 16-year water injection contract awarded in 1998 to
a consortium in which the Company has a 10 percent interest in
Venezuela and a three-year dredging contract awarded in 1998 in
Nigeria.  Subsequent to December 31, 1999, $13.7 million was
added to construction backlog as a result of the acquisition of
Rogers & Phillips, Inc. ("RPI"), a pipeline construction company
in the United States.

    On March 6, 2000, the Company announced that Willbros USA, Inc.'s
administrative headquarters and some construction support will be moved
from Tulsa, Oklahoma, to Houston, Texas, during 2000.  As of
March 15, 2000, the specific jobs and personnel to be relocated
were not yet identified.  Accordingly, a reliable estimate of the
cost of the expected relocation was not available at that date.
The Company expects to announce more specific plans regarding the
planned relocation as more information becomes available.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

   The Company's contract revenue and contract costs are primarily
related to the timing and location of development projects in the
oil and gas industry worldwide.  Contract revenue and cost
variations by country from year to year are the result of (a)
entering new countries as part of the Company's strategy for
geographical diversification; (b) the


<PAGE>

                                                                           24


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


execution of new contract awards; (c) the completion of contracts; and
(d) the overall level of activity in the Company's services.

   The Company's ability to be successful in obtaining and
executing contracts can be affected by the relative strength or
weakness of the U.S. dollar compared to the currencies of its
competitors, its clients and its work locations.  The Company
does not believe that its revenue or results of operations were
adversely affected in this regard during the years ended December 31,
1999 or 1998.


YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999, COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998

Contract Revenue.
   Contract revenue decreased $105.0 million (37%) to $176.6 million
due to (a) a $118.3 million (64%) reduction in construction
revenue resulting primarily from completion of construction
contracts in Venezuela, Indonesia, Oman and the United States;
offset by (b) an increase in engineering revenue of $7.3 million
(12%) due to engineering and procurement services work in
Nigeria; and (c) an increase of $6.0 million (19%) in specialty
services revenue, principally in Nigeria.  Venezuela revenue
decreased $51.9 million (69%) mainly due to completion
of work on a pipeline contract that included the construction
of 120 miles (200 kilometers) each of 36-inch and 20-inch pipelines
and completion of a transport services contract.  Indonesia
revenue decreased $22.6 million (88%) due to completion of work
on a 35-mile (55-kilometer) 42-inch pipeline in Kalimantan.
United States revenue decreased $48.1 million (53%) primarily
due to reduced engineering services work in the United States
and completion of work on a natural gas pipeline in Iowa.
Oman revenue decreased $9.8 million (55%) due to reduced
construction and specialty services work; however in the last
quarter, work was begun on a $10.0 million, five-year
maintenance services contract.  Nigeria revenue increased
$36.7 million (94%) principally due to revenue being recognized
on a pipeline engineering, procurement and construction project
started in 1999 and increased specialty services work.
Ivory Coast revenue decreased $11.9 million (82%) due to
completion of work on pipeline projects in that country.
Offshore West Africa revenue decreased $8.2 million due to a
decline in offshore services in 1999; however, work has recently
begun on an engineering, procurement and construction project to
install offshore pipelines and facilities valued at $12.9
million.  Revenue from Pakistan decreased $6.8 million (100%)
due to the completion of an engineering, procurement and
construction contract.  Australia revenue increased $18.8 million
(100%) due to a new construction contract.

Contract Cost.
   Contract costs decreased $74.9 million (34%) to $145.5 million
due to a decrease of $88.8 million in construction services cost,
offset by an increase of $13.9 million in specialty services cost
due to costs associated with maintaining underutilized assets.
Variations in contract cost by country were closely related to
the variations in contract revenue.


<PAGE>

25


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Depreciation and Amortization.
   Depreciation and amortization decreased $4.2 million to
$21.3 million primarily due to the sale of excess equipment in
Venezuela, Indonesia, the United States and Oman.

General and Administrative.
   General and administrative expense decreased $4.8 million to
$27.6 million due to decreased activity, principally in the
United States, Venezuela, Indonesia and Oman, and a decrease in
administrative expense in the United States.

Operating Income.
   Operating income decreased $21.1 million to an operating loss
of $17.8 million.  The decrease is attributable to a 37 percent
decrease in revenue caused by a lack of new contract awards in
construction and specialty services in Venezuela, Indonesia, the
United States and Oman; and a change in the revenue mix caused by
a higher level of engineering, material procurement and
subcontract services, which have lower margins than construction
and specialty services.

Net Interest Income (Expense).
   Net interest increased $1.1 million to $0.6 million income due
to increased short-term investments during 1999 and reduced
borrowing in the work countries.

Minority Interest Expense.
   Minority interest expense increased $0.4 million to
$1.5 million due to an increase in activity in Nigeria.

Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss).
   Foreign exchange loss decreased $1.4 million to $0.5 million
because of reduced foreign exchange losses in Venezuela, Pakistan
and the Ivory Coast.

Other Income (Expense).
   Other income (expense) increased $2.1 million to $2.5 million
income, primarily as a result of gains from the sale of excess
equipment in Venezuela, Indonesia, the United States and Oman,
offset by costs associated with pursuing mergers and
acquisitions.

Provision for Income Taxes.
   The provision for income taxes decreased $1.3 million (28%) to
$3.3 million primarily due to decreased activity in Venezuela,
the Ivory Coast, Indonesia and Oman, offset by income taxes
arising from increased activity in Nigeria and federal and state
income taxes in the United States.  Although the Company has a
loss before income taxes, a provision for income taxes is
required due to income taxes in certain countries being based on
revenue rather than income and losses in one country cannot be
used to offset income in another country.

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998, COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1997

Contract Revenue.
   Contract revenue increased $29.7 million (12%) to
$281.6 million due to (a) an increase in construction services
revenue of $67.6 million related to work in Venezuela, the
United States and the Ivory Coast; offset by (b) a decrease in
specialty services revenue of $25.4 million associated with a
reduction of specialty services work primarily in Nigeria; and
(c) a decrease in engineering services of $12.5 million due to
decreased engineering, principally in the United States. Revenue
from Venezuela increased $43.6 million (137%) due to work on the
construction of 120 miles (200 kilometers) each of 36-inch and 20-
inch pipelines. Revenue in the Ivory Coast increased
$14.5 million due to beginning work on 46 miles (74 kilometers)
of dual 4-inch and 12-inch pipelines and an 8-mile (13-
kilometer), 12-inch pipeline.  United States revenue increased
$6.8 million (8%) primarily due to work performed


<PAGE>

                                                                           26


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


on a 94-mile (150-kilometer), 36-inch natural gas pipeline in
Iowa. Revenue from Nigeria decreased $27.3 million (36%)
primarily in specialty services work as a result of delays in
funding to our clients from the Nigerian government and low oil
prices which have caused the Company's clients to defer
maintenance activities. Oman revenue decreased $5.0 million (22%)
due to decreased specialty services work.  Indonesian revenue
decreased $2.2 million (8%) due to the substantial completion of
pipeline projects in that country.

Contract Cost.
   Contract cost increased $37.9 million (21%) to $220.4 million
due to an increase of $57.2 million in construction services
cost, resulting from an increase in costs on construction
projects in the United States, Venezuela and the Ivory Coast,
offset by a decrease of $17.8 million in engineering services
cost and a decrease of $1.4 million in specialty services cost.
Variations in contract cost by country were closely related to
the variations in contract revenue.

Depreciation and Amortization.
   Depreciation and amortization increased $6.6 million to
$25.5 million, primarily due to additions made to the equipment
fleet in 1997 to prepare for new contracts in Indonesia and
Venezuela and additions in 1998 to prepare for a new contract in
the Ivory Coast.

General and Administrative.
   General and administrative expense increased $3.3 million to
$32.4 million to support the growth in worldwide activities and
promote expansion into new work countries, such as Mexico.

Operating Income.
   Operating income decreased $18.1 million (85%) to $3.3 million.
The decrease is primarily due to a significant decrease in
specialty service activity, an increase in costs on certain
projects including construction projects in Pakistan, the
United States and Venezuela and start-up costs associated with an
offshore construction project in Cameroon.

Net Interest Income (Expense).
   Net interest income decreased $0.8 million to a net expense of
$0.5 million, due to increased borrowings to meet working capital
requirements.

Minority Interest Expense.
   Minority interest expense decreased $0.8 million to
$1.1 million, due to a reduction in revenue and operating income
in certain work countries.

Other Income (Expense).
   Other income decreased $1.6 million resulting in $1.5 million
of other expense in 1998.  The decrease was primarily due to
$1.9 million in net foreign exchange losses arising from
remeasuring assets and liabilities in countries with highly
inflationary economies, primarily Venezuela.

Provision for Income Taxes.
   Provision for income tax expense decreased $1.1 million to
$4.6 million, principally due to reduced taxable income in
certain work countries in 1998 and a tax refund.  The effective
income tax rate in 1998 exceeds 100 percent of income before
income taxes due to the fact that income taxes in certain
countries are based on revenue and also due to the fact that
losses in certain countries cannot be used to offset taxable
income in other countries.


<PAGE>

27


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


EFFECT OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES

   The Company's operations are affected by increases in prices,
whether caused by inflation, government mandates or other
economic factors, in the countries in which it operates. The
Company attempts to recover anticipated increases in the cost of
labor, fuel and materials through price escalation provisions in
certain of its major contracts or by considering the estimated
effect of such increases when bidding or pricing new work.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

   The Company's primary requirements for capital are to fund the
acquisition, upgrade and maintenance of its equipment, provide
working capital for current projects, finance the mobilization of
employees and equipment to new projects, establish a presence in
countries where the Company perceives growth opportunities and
finance the possible acquisition of new businesses and equity
investments.  Historically the Company has met its capital
requirements primarily from operating cash flows.

   Cash and cash equivalents decreased $0.4 million (5%) to $7.8
million at December 31, 1999, from $8.2 million at December 31,
1998.  The decrease is due to negative cash flows of $14.0
million from operations (including a $12.4 million increase in
working capital required to support uncompleted projects), offset
by $4.9 million from the sale of surplus equipment net of $12.2
million in capital expenditures for the purchase of equipment and
spare parts, and $8.7 million from financing activities
(including borrowings of $16.0 million offset by $7.6 million
used to repurchase 1,247,655 shares of common stock).

   The Company has a $150.0 million credit agreement that matures
on February 20, 2003, with a syndicated bank group including ABN
AMRO Bank N.V., as agent, and Credit Lyonnais, New York Branch,
as co-agent.  The credit agreement provides for a $100.0 million
revolving credit facility, part of which can be used for
acquisitions and equity investments.  The entire facility, less
amounts used under the revolving portions of the facility, may be
used for standby and commercial letters of credit.  Principal is
payable at termination on all revolving loans except qualifying
acquisition and equity investment loans which are payable
quarterly over the remaining life of the credit agreement.
Interest is payable quarterly at prime or other alternative
interest rates.  A commitment fee is payable quarterly based on
an annual rate of one fourth percent of the unused portion of the
credit facility.  The Company's obligations under the credit
agreement are secured by the stock of the principal subsidiaries
of the Company.  The credit agreement requires the Company to
maintain certain financial ratios, restricts the amount of annual
dividend payments to the greater of 25 cents per share or 25
percent of net income and limits the Company's ability to
purchase its own stock.  At December 31, 1999, outstanding
letters of credit totaled $52.8 million and borrowings amounted
to $15.5 million, leaving $81.7 million available under this
facility.

   The Company has unsecured credit facilities with banks in
certain countries outside the United States.  Borrowings under
these lines, in the form of short-term notes and overdrafts, are
made at competitive local interest rates.  Generally, each line
is available only for borrowings related to operations in a
specific country.  Credit available under these facilities is
approximately $8.7 million at December 31, 1999.

   The Company does not anticipate any significant collection
problems with its customers, including those in countries that
may be experiencing economic and/or currency difficulties.  Since
the Company's customers generally are major oil companies and
government entities, and the terms


<PAGE>

                                                                           28


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


for billing and collecting for work performed are generally
established by contracts, the Company historically has a very low
incidence of collectability problems.

   The Company's 2000 business plan indicates that cash flows from
operations and borrowing under existing credit facilities will be
sufficient to finance working capital and capital expenditures for
ongoing operations at least through the end of 2000.  The Company
estimates capital expenditures for equipment and spare parts to
be approximately $10.0 to $15.0 million in 2000.

   In February 1998, the Company's Board of Directors approved a
plan to buy back approximately 750,000 shares of its Common Stock
from time to time in the open market or through negotiated
transactions.  In October 1998, the Company's Board of Directors
approved, and the Company's credit agreement was amended to
permit, the buy back of an additional $8.8 million of its Common
Stock.  During 1999, the Company repurchased 1,247,655 shares of
its Common Stock for $7.6 million.  As of December 31, 1999,
2,175,371 shares have been purchased at an average price of $7.43
per share.  Subsequent to December 31, 1999, 1,035,000 shares of
treasury stock were issued in connection with the acquisition of
RPI.


FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

   The Company's primary market risk is its exposure to changes in
non-U.S. currency exchange rates.  The Company attempts to
negotiate contracts which provide for payment in U.S. dollars,
but it may be required to take all or a portion of payment under
a contract in another currency.  To mitigate non-U.S. currency
exchange risk, the Company seeks to match anticipated non-U.S.
currency revenue with expenses in the same currency whenever
possible.  To the extent it is unable to match non-U.S. currency
revenue with expenses in the same currency, the Company may use
forward contracts, options or other common hedging techniques in
the same non-U.S. currencies.  The Company had no forward
contracts or options at December 31, 1999.

   The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, notes payable and accounts payable and accrued
liabilities shown in the consolidated balance sheets approximate
fair value at December 31, 1999 due to the generally short
maturities of these items.  The Company invests primarily in
short-term dollar denominated bank deposits, and at December 31,
1999 did not have any investment in instruments with a maturity
of more than a few days or in any equity securities.  The Company
has the ability and expects to hold its investments to maturity.


YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE

   As of March 1, 2000, the Company has not experienced any
significant Year 2000 problems.  However, due to the uncertainty
regarding Year 2000 compliance on the part of third parties, it
is possible that Year 2000 problems could arise that have an
adverse impact on the Company's business and results of
operations.

   Testing, remediation and replacement of the Company's critical
applications are anticipated to cost approximately $5.0 million
from inception in calendar year 1997 through completion in
calendar year 2000, of which approximately $2.8 million is
expected to be capitalized.  Of these costs, approximately
$3.9 million had been incurred at December 31, 1999, with most of the
remaining $1.1 million expected to be incurred during the first
quarter of 2000.  All estimated costs have been budgeted and are
expected to be funded by cash flows from operations.



<PAGE>


29





                  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS




The Stockholders and Board of Directors
Willbros Group, Inc.:

          We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Willbros Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31,
1999 and 1998, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1999.  These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

          We conducted our audits in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards in the United States.  Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

          In our opinion, the aforementioned consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Willbros Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December
31, 1999 and 1998, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 1999, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States.




                                        KPMG







Panama City, Panama
February 11, 2000

<PAGE>
                                                                          30


WILLBROS GROUP, INC.
consolidated balance sheets
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            December 31,
                                                       ----------------------
                                                          1999        1998
                                                       ----------  ----------

<S>                                                    <C>         <C>

Assets

Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                            $    7,806  $    8,247
  Accounts receivable                                      50,569      40,018
  Contract cost and recognized income not yet billed       13,082       8,022
  Prepaid expenses                                          4,189       3,963
                                                       ----------  ----------
       Total current assets                                75,646      60,250

Spare parts, net                                            6,581       9,666
Property, plant and equipment, net                         64,813      85,010
Other assets                                                6,113       5,013
                                                       ----------  ----------
       Total assets                                    $  153,153  $  159,939
                                                       ==========  ==========


Liabilities And Stockholders' Equity

<S>                                                    <C>         <C>
Current liabilities:
  Notes payable                                        $      481  $      758
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                 35,254      35,352
  Accrued income taxes                                      4,683       5,654
  Contract billings in excess of cost and
   recognized income                                        9,427       4,991
                                                       ----------  ----------
       Total current liabilities                           49,845      46,755

Long-term debt                                             15,500           -
Other liabilities                                           7,381       6,250
                                                       ----------  ----------
       Total liabilities                                   72,726      53,005

Stockholders' equity:
  Class A preferred stock, par value $.01 per share,
   1,000,000 shares authorized, none issued                     -           -
  Common stock, par value $.05 per share,
   35,000,000 shares authorized and
   15,123,453 shares issued at December 31, 1999
   (15,071,715 at December 31, 1998)                          756         753
  Capital in excess of par value                           67,927      67,613
  Retained earnings                                        29,896      49,914
  Treasury stock at cost, 2,175,371 shares at
   December 31, 1999 <927,716 shares at
   December 31, 1998)                                     (16,164)     (8,590)
  Notes receivable for stock purchases                       (307)       (982)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)            (1,681)     (1,774)
                                                       ----------  ----------
       Total stockholders' equity                          80,427     106,934
                                                       ----------  ----------
       Total liabilities and stockholders' equity      $  153,153  $  159,939
                                                       ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE>

31


Willbros Group, Inc.
consolidated statements of operations
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

<S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>
Contract revenue                           $  176,564  $  281,618  $  251,877
Operating expenses:
  Contract                                    145,498     220,360     182,435
  Depreciation and amortization                21,313      25,552      18,936
  General and administrative                   27,548      32,383      29,118
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                              194,359     278,295     230,489
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Operating income (loss)                (17,795)      3,323      21,388

Other income (expense):
  Interest income                                 801         851       1,118
  Interest expense                               (214)     (1,335)       (814)
  Foreign exchange gain (loss)                   (501)     (1,934)        257
  Minority interest                            (1,541)     (1,132)     (1,911)
  Other - net                                   2,532         432        (199)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                                1,077      (3,118)     (1,549)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Income (loss) before income taxes      (16,718)        205      19,839

Provision for income taxes                      3,300       4,567       5,723
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Net income (loss)                   $  (20,018) $   (4,362) $   14,116
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========
Earnings (loss) per common share:

  Basic                                    $    (1.54) $     (.30) $      .97
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

  Diluted                                  $    (1.54) $     (.30) $      .96
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

Weighted average number of common
 shares outstanding:

  Basic                                    13,029,665  14,744,622  14,540,137
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

  Diluted                                  13,029,665  14,744,622  14,688,372
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>


                 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE>

                                                                          32


Willbros Group, Inc.
consolidated statements of stockholders' equity
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share amounts)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                            Common Stock
                                                       ----------------------
                                                                      Par
                                                         Shares      Value
                                                       ----------  ----------

<S>                                                    <C>         <C>
Balance, January 1, 1997                               14,385,980  $      719

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net income                                                  -           -
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                                -           -
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)
  Payment of notes receivable                                   -           -
  Sale of common stock, net
   of offering cost                                       590,641          31
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                             14,199           -
  Exercise of stock options                                 1,500           -
                                                       ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1997                             14,992,320         750

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net loss                                                    -           -
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                                -           -
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)
  Payment of notes receivable                                   -           -
  Purchase of treasury stock                                    -           -
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                             32,945           1
  Exercise of stock options                                46,450           2
                                                       ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1998                             15,071,715         753

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net loss                                                    -           -
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                                -           -
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)
  Payment of notes receivable                                   -           -
  Purchase of treasury stock                                    -           -
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                             51,238           3
  Exercise of stock options                                   500           -
                                                       ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1999                             15,123,453  $      756
                                                       ==========  ==========


- -CONTINUED-




                                           Capital in
                                             Excess
                                             of Par     Retained    Treasury
                                             Value      Earnings     Stock
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

<S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance, January 1, 1997                   $   55,475  $   40,160  $        -

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net income                                      -      14,116           -
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                    -           -           -
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)
  Payment of notes receivable                       -           -           -
  Sale of common stock, net
   of offering cost                            11,168           -           -
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                    200           -           -
  Exercise of stock options                        14           -           -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1997                     66,857      54,276           -

  Comprehensive income (loss):
     Net loss                                       -      (4,362)          -
     Foreign currency translation
      adjustments                                   -           -           -
        Total comprehensive
         income (loss)
  Payment of notes receivable                       -           -           -
  Purchase of treasury stock                        -           -      (8,590)
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                    331           -           -
  Exercise of stock options                       425           -           -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1998                     67,613      49,914      (8,590)

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net loss                                        -     (20,018)          -
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                    -           -           -
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)
  Payment of notes receivable                       -           -           -
  Purchase of treasury stock                                           (7,574)
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                    311           -           -
  Exercise of stock options                         3           -           -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1999                 $   67,927  $   29,896  $  (16,164)
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========


- -CONTINUED-


                                                        Accumu-
                                                         lated
                                              Notes      Other
                                           Receivable   Compre-      Total
                                               For      hensive      Stock-
                                              Stock      Income     holders'
                                            Purchases    (Loss)      Equity
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

<S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance, January 1, 1997                   $   (3,184) $     (784) $   92,386

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net income                                      -           -      14,116
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                    -         (29)        (29)
                                                                   ----------
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)                                                  14,087
  Payment of notes receivable                   1,100           -       1,100
  Sale of common stock, net
   of offering cost                                 -           -      11,199
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                      -           -         200
  Exercise of stock options                         -           -          14
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1997                     (2,084)       (813)    118,986

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net loss                                        -           -      (4,362)
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                    -        (961)       (961)
                                                                   ----------
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)                                                  (5,323)
  Payment of notes receivable                   1,102           -       1,102
  Purchase of treasury stock                        -           -      (8,590)
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                      -           -         332
  Exercise of stock options                         -           -         427
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1998                       (982)     (1,774)    106,934

  Comprehensive income (loss):
    Net loss                                        -           -     (20,018)
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustments                                    -          93          93
                                                                   ----------
       Total comprehensive
        income (loss)                                                 (19,925)
  Payment of notes receivable                     675           -         675
  Purchase of treasury stock                        -           -      (7,574)
  Issuance of common stock
   under employee benefit plan                      -           -         314
  Exercise of stock options                         -           -           3
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Balance, December 31, 1999                 $     (307) $   (1,681) $   80,427
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========


</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


<PAGE>

33


Willbros Group, Inc.
consolidated statements of cash flows
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

<S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income (loss)                        $  (20,018) $   (4,362) $   14,116
  Reconciliation of net income (loss)
   to cash provided by (used in)
   operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization             21,313      25,552      18,936
     Loss (gain) on sales and retirements
      of property and equipment                (2,897)        261         814
     Changes in operating assets and
      liabilities:
        Accounts receivable                   (10,551)     16,987      (3,249)
        Contract cost and recognized
         income not yet billed                 (5,060)        137      (4,516)
        Prepaid expenses and other assets      (1,326)     (1,981)       (216)
        Accounts payable and accrued
         liabilities                              (98)     (5,935)      8,419
        Accrued income taxes                     (971)        483       1,121
        Contract billings in excess of cost
         and recognized income                  4,436     (16,071)      9,960
        Other liabilities                       1,131         128         403
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------
                Cash provided by (used
                 in) operating activities     (14,041)     15,199      45,788

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Proceeds from sales of property
   and equipment                               17,111       1,428         886
  Purchase of property and equipment           (7,983)    (24,861)    (38,932)
  Purchase of spare parts                      (4,262)    (11,251)     (8,340)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------
                Cash provided by (used
                 in) investing activities       4,866     (34,684)    (46,386)

Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from long-term debt                 15,500      37,000       3,000
  Collection of notes receivable
   for stock purchases                            675       1,102       1,100
  Proceeds from notes payable to banks            481       7,160       6,858
  Proceeds from common stock                      317         759      11,413
  Purchase of treasury stock                   (7,574)     (8,590)          -
  Repayment of notes payable to banks            (525)    (11,509)     (2,157)
  Repayment of notes payable to
   former shareholders                           (233)       (467)       (467)
  Repayment of long-term debt                       -     (40,000)          -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------
                Cash provided by (used
                 in) financing activities       8,641     (14,545)     19,747

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
 and cash equivalents                              93        (961)        (29)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Cash provided by (used in) all activities        (441)    (34,991)     19,120

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning
 of year                                        8,247      43,238      24,118
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year     $    7,806  $    8,247  $   43,238
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>
                 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>

                                                                           34

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

    Principles of Consolidation - The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Willbros Group, Inc. ("WGI"), a
Republic of Panama corporation, and all of its majority-owned
subsidiaries (the "Company").  All material intercompany accounts
and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.  The ownership
interest of minority participants in subsidiaries that are not
wholly owned (principally in Nigeria and Oman) is included in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities and is not material.  The
minority participants' share of the net income of those
subsidiaries is included in other expense.

    The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
and include certain estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of
revenue and expenses.  Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

    Accounts Receivable - Accounts receivable include retainage, all
due within one year, of $3,423 in 1999 and $6,304 in 1998 and are
stated net of allowances for bad debts of $1,267 in 1999 and $988
in 1998.  The provision (credit) for bad debts was $573 in 1999,
$72 in 1998 and $(8) in 1997.

    Spare Parts - Spare parts (excluding expendables), stated net of
accumulated depreciation of $16,052 in 1999 and $16,247 in 1998,
are depreciated over three years on the straight-line method.

    Property, Plant and Equipment - Depreciation is provided on the
straight-line method using principally estimated lives of four to
six years.  When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the
cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for
the period.  Normal repair and maintenance costs are charged to
expense as incurred. Major overhaul costs are accrued and allocated
to contracts based on estimates of equipment condition.
Significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

    Long-lived assets held and used are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the
carrying amount of the asset to future net cash flows expected to
be generated by the asset.  If such assets are considered to be
impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount
by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value
of the assets.  Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.

    Revenue - Construction and engineering fixed-price contracts
are accounted for using the percentage-of-completion method.  Under
this method, estimated contract revenue is accrued based
generally on the percentage that costs to date bear to total
estimated costs, taking into consideration physical completion.
Estimated contract losses are recognized in full when determined.
Revenue from unit-price contracts is recognized as earned.
Revenue from change orders, extra work, variations in the scope of
work and claims is recognized when realization is assured.

    Income Taxes - The Company accounts for income taxes by the
asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of
operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and differences between
the financial statement carrying values of assets and liabilities
and their tax bases.


<PAGE>

35

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

    Retirement Plans and Benefits - The Company has defined benefit
and defined contribution retirement plans and a postretirement
medical benefits plan that provide retirement benefits to
substantially all regular employees.  Qualified plans are
contributory on the part of employees.  Pension costs are funded in
accordance with annual actuarial valuations.  The Company records
the cost of postretirement medical benefits, which are funded on
the pay-as-you-go basis, over the employees' working lives.

    Common Stock Options - The Company follows the intrinsic value
method of accounting for common stock options granted to employees.

    Foreign Currency Translation - All significant asset and
liability accounts stated in currencies other than United States
dollars are translated into United States dollars at current
exchange rates.  Translation adjustments are accumulated in other
comprehensive income (loss).  Revenue and expense accounts are
converted at prevailing rates throughout the year.  Foreign
currency transaction adjustments and translation adjustments in
highly inflationary economies are recorded in income.

    Cash Flows - In the determination of cash flows, all highly
liquid debt instruments with maturities of less than three months
are considered to be cash equivalents.  The Company paid interest
of $76 in 1999, $1,309 in 1998 and $817 in 1997 and income taxes of
$3,474 in 1999, $4,084 in 1998 and $4,685 in 1997.

    Earnings (Loss) per Share - Basic earnings (loss) per share is
calculated by dividing net income, less any preferred dividend
requirements, by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the year.  Diluted earnings (loss) per share is
calculated by including the weighted-average number of all dilutive
potential common shares with the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding.

    Derivative Financial Instruments - The Company may use
derivatives such as forward contracts, options or other financial
instruments as hedges to mitigate non-U.S. currency exchange risk
when the Company is unable to match non-U.S. currency revenue with
expenses in the same currency.  The unrealized gains or losses on
such financial instruments are deferred and recognized when
realized as an adjustment to contract revenue.  The Company had no
derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 1999 or 1998.


2.  Concentration of Credit Risk

    The Company has a concentration of customers in the oil and gas
industry which exposes the Company to a concentration of credit
risk within an industry.  The Company seeks to obtain advance and
progress payments for contract work performed on major contracts.
Receivables are generally not collateralized.  The Company believes
that its allowance for bad debts is adequate.


<PAGE>

                                                                           36

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


3.  Contracts in Progress

    Most contracts allow for progress billings to be made during
performance of the work.  These billings may be made on a basis
different from that used for recognizing revenue.  Contracts in
progress for which cost and recognized income exceed billings or
billings exceed cost and recognized income consist of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            December 31,
                                                       ----------------------
                                                          1999        1998
                                                       ----------  ----------

     <S>                                               <C>         <C>

     Costs incurred on contracts in progress           $   86,836  $  235,088
     Recognized income                                     16,537      55,635
                                                       ----------  ----------

                                                          103,373     290,723
     Progress billings and advance payments                99,718     287,692
                                                       ----------  ----------

                                                       $    3,655  $    3,031
                                                       ==========  ==========

     Contract cost and recognized income
      not yet billed                                   $   13,082  $    8,022

     Contract billings in excess of cost and
      recognized income                                    (9,427)     (4,991)
                                                       ----------  ----------

                                                       $    3,655  $    3,031
                                                       ==========  ==========

</TABLE>


4.  Property, Plant and Equipment

    Property, plant and equipment, none of which are used to secure
debt or are subject to lien, at cost, consist of:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            December 31,
                                                       ----------------------
                                                          1999        1998
                                                       ----------  ----------

     <S>                                               <C>         <C>

     Construction equipment                            $   48,072  $   61,236

     Marine equipment                                      46,365      43,431

     Transportation equipment                              21,220      31,997

     Land, buildings, furniture and equipment              20,287      17,274
                                                       ----------  ----------
                                                          135,944     153,938

     Less accumulated depreciation and amortization        71,131      68,928
                                                       ----------  ----------

                                                       $   64,813  $   85,010
                                                       ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

5.  Notes Payable

    The Company has unsecured credit facilities with banks in
certain countries outside the United States.  Borrowings under
these lines of $481 at December 31, 1999 ($525 at December 31,
1998), in the form of short-term notes and overdrafts, are made at
competitive local interest rates.  Generally, each line is
available only for borrowings related to operations in a specific
country.  Credit available under these facilities is approximately
$8,700 at December 31, 1999.


<PAGE>

37

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


6.  Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities

    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consist of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            December 31,
                                                       ----------------------
                                                          1999        1998
                                                       ----------  ----------

     <S>                                               <C>         <C>

     Trade payables                                    $   18,676  $   17,018
     Payrolls and payroll liabilities                      13,388      14,524
     Equipment reconditioning and overhaul reserves         3,190       3,810
                                                       ----------  ----------

                                                       $   35,254  $   35,352
                                                       ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

7.  Long-term Debt

    The Company has a $150,000 credit agreement that matures on
February 20, 2003, with a syndicated bank group including ABN AMRO
Bank N.V., as agent, and Credit Lyonnais, New York Branch, as co-
agent.  The credit agreement provides for a $100,000 revolving
credit facility, part of which can be used for acquisitions and
equity investments.  The entire facility, less amounts used under
the revolving portion of the facility, may be used for standby and
commercial letters of credit.  Principal is payable at termination
on all revolving loans except qualifying acquisition and equity
investment loans which are payable quarterly over the remaining
life of the credit agreement.  Interest is payable quarterly at
prime or other alternative interest rates.  A commitment fee is
payable quarterly based on an annual rate of one fourth percent of the
unused portion of the credit facility.  The Company's obligations
under the credit agreement are secured by the stock of the
principal subsidiaries of the Company.  The credit agreement
requires the Company to maintain certain financial ratios,
restricts the amount of annual dividend payments to the greater of
25 cents per share or 25 percent of net income and limits the
Company's ability to purchase its own stock.  At December 31, 1999,
outstanding letters of credit totaled $52,765 and borrowings
amounted to $15,500, leaving $81,735 available under this facility.

    Included in notes payable at December 31, 1998 are notes payable
to two former shareholders with a remaining balance of $233.  The
notes were paid in full when due on April 15, 1999.


<PAGE>

                                                                           38

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


8.  Retirement Benefits

    The Company has defined benefit plans (pension plans) covering
substantially all regular employees which are funded by employee
and Company contributions.  The Company's funding policy is to
contribute at least the minimum required by the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 in accordance with annual actuarial
valuations.  Benefits under the plans are determined by employee
earnings and credited service.  The Company has a postretirement
medical benefits plan which covers substantially all regular
employees and which is funded by Company and retiree contributions
based on estimated cost.  Benefit expense for these plans include
the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Pension Benefits
                                           ----------------------------------
                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Service cost                          $    1,692  $    1,658  $    1,180

     Interest cost                              2,244       2,225       2,032

     Expected return on plan assets            (2,914)     (2,560)     (2,247)

     Recognized net actuarial loss (gain)        (188)          -         (11)

     Amortization of transition asset             (29)        (29)        (29)

     Amortization of prior service cost            95         145         142
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                           $      900  $    1,439  $    1,067
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========


- -CONTINUED-



                                            Postretirement Medical Benefits
                                           ----------------------------------
                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Service cost                          $      157  $      179  $      237

     Interest cost                                274         296         326

     Expected return on plan assets                 -           -           -

     Recognized net actuarial loss (gain)        (108)        (81)        (52)

     Amortization of transition asset               -           -           -

     Amortization of prior service cost           (22)        (22)          -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                           $      301  $      372  $      511
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

    The retirement benefit obligations are determined using a
weighted-average discount rate of 8.0 percent at December 31, 1999
(6.75 percent at December 31, 1998, and 7.0 percent at December 31,
1997).  For pension benefits the rate of increase in future pay
increases is 5.5 percent at December 31, 1999 (5.5 percent at
December 31, 1998 and 6.0 percent at December 31, 1997), and assets
are expected to have a long-term rate of return of 8.5 percent.  The
transition asset is amortized over 15 years.

    The following table sets forth the changes in benefit
obligations and plan assets and the reconciliation of the funded
status of the plans to the accrued benefit cost:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Pension Benefits
                                           ----------------------------------
                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Change in benefit obligations:

       Benefit obligations,
        beginning of year                  $   34,278  $   32,407  $   27,651

       Service cost                             1,692       1,658       1,180

       Interest cost                            2,244       2,225       2,032

       Plan participants' contribution            407         493         468

       Amendments                                   -           -           -

       Actuarial loss (gain)                   (6,416)     (1,035)      2,184

       Benefits paid                           (2,098)     (1,470)     (1,108)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Benefit obligations, end of year        30,107      34,278      32,407
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------


- -CONTINUED-


                                            Postretirement Medical Benefits
                                           ----------------------------------
                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Change in benefit obligations:

       Benefit obligations,
        beginning of year                  $    4,057  $    4,236  $    4,355

       Service cost                               157         179         237

       Interest cost                              274         296         326

       Plan participants' contribution            110          86          84

       Amendments                                   -           -        (243)

       Actuarial loss (gain)                      243        (494)       (347)

       Benefits paid                             (284)       (246)       (176)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Benefit obligations, end of year         4,557       4,057       4,236
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------


</TABLE>


<PAGE>

39

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


8.  Retirement Benefits (continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   Pension Benefits
                                           ----------------------------------
                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Change in plan assets:

       Plan assets at fair value,
        beginning of year                  $   34,699  $   30,514  $   26,995

       Actual return on plan assets             4,468       4,823       4,159

       Employer contribution                        -           -           -

       Plan participants' contribution            407         493         468

       Benefits paid                           (1,865)     (1,131)     (1,108)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Plan assets at fair value,
        end of year                            37,709      34,699      30,514
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     Reconciliation:

       Funded status, plan assets over
        (under) benefit obligations             7,602         421      (1,893)

       Unrecognized net actuarial gain        (13,427)     (5,391)     (2,093)

       Transition asset at January 1, 1987        (57)        (86)       (115)

       Unrecognized prior service cost            976         816         961

       Adjustment for minimum liability             -         (50)        (97)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Accrued benefit cost                $   (4,906) $   (4,290) $   (3,237)
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========


- -CONTINUED-


                                            Postretirement Medical Benefits
                                           ----------------------------------
                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
     Change in plan assets:

       Plan assets at fair value,
        beginning of year                  $        -  $        -  $        -

       Actual return on plan assets                 -           -           -

       Employer contribution                      174         160          92

       Plan participants' contribution            110          86          84

       Benefits paid                             (284)       (246)       (176)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Plan assets at fair value,
        end of year                                 -           -           -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     Reconciliation:

       Funded status, plan assets over
        (under) benefit obligations            (4,557)     (4,057)     (4,236)

       Unrecognized net actuarial gain         (1,384)     (1,735)     (1,322)

       Transition asset at January 1, 1987          -           -           -

       Unrecognized prior service cost           (199)       (221)       (243)

       Adjustment for minimum liability             -           -           -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

       Accrued benefit cost      $         $   (6,140) $   (6,013) $   (5,801)
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

    Plan assets of the pension plans consist primarily of listed
stocks and bonds.  Contributions of assets to a trust established
by the Company to fund benefit payments under the Executive Benefit
Restoration Plan are irrevocable but are subject to creditor claims
under certain conditions and are, therefore, excluded from the
determination of funded status.  Assets held in trust, at cost
which approximates market, included in other assets, are $1,438
at December 31, 1999, $1,329 at December 31, 1998, and $1,367 at
December 31, 1997.

    The non-current portion of the postretirement medical benefit
liability, $6,042 at December 31, 1999 ($5,810 at December 31,
1998), is included in other liabilities.

    The weighted-average annual assumed rate of increase in the per
capita cost of covered postretirement medical benefits is 8.5
percent for 2000 and is assumed to decrease to 5.5 percent by the
year 2011 and to remain at that level.  Increasing the assumed
health care cost trend rates by one percentage point in each year
would increase the postretirement medical benefits liability at
December 31, 1999, by $566 and expense for 1999 by $74.  Decreasing
the assumed health care cost trend rates by one percentage point in
each year would decrease the postretirement medical benefits
liability by $470 and expense for 1999 by $59.

<PAGE>

                                                                           40

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


8.  Retirement Benefits (continued)

    The Company has a defined contribution plan which is funded by
participating employee contributions and the Company.  The Company
matches employee contributions up to a maximum of four percent of
salary in cash or beginning in 1997, if the participant so elects,
up to five percent of salary in WGI common stock.  Company
contributions for this plan were $636 (including $314 of WGI common
stock) in 1999, $689 (including $332 of WGI common stock) in 1998,
and $636 (including $200 of WGI common stock) in 1997.

9.  Income Taxes

    The provision for income taxes represents income taxes
arising as a result of operations and credits for revision of
previous estimates of income taxes payable in a number of
countries.  The Company is not subject to income tax in Panama on
income earned outside of Panama.  All income has been earned
outside of Panama; therefore, there is no expected relationship
between income (loss) before income taxes and the provision
for income taxes.  The effective consolidated tax rate
differs from the statutory tax rate in each country because taxable
income and operating losses from different countries cannot be
offset and tax rates and methods of determining taxes payable are
different in each country.

    Income (loss) before income taxes and the provision for
income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations consist
of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Income (loss) before income taxes:

       Other countries                     $  (19,197) $    3,036  $   20,038

       United States                            2,479      (2,831)       (199)
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                           $  (16,718) $      205  $   19,839
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

     Provision for income taxes:

       Currently payable:

         Other countries                   $    2,851  $    4,567  $    5,723

         United States:

           Federal                                190           -           -

           State                                  259           -           -
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                           $    3,300  $    4,567  $    5,723
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

    The Company has a deferred tax asset in the United States of
$13,621 at December 31, 1999, and $16,316 at December 31, 1998,
relating to United States net operating loss and credit
carryforwards and employee benefit expense, and a deferred tax
liability of $684 at December 31, 1999, and $1,146 at December 31,
1998, relating to excess tax depreciation.  The net deferred tax
asset is reduced to zero by a valuation allowance in both years.


<PAGE>

41

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


9.  Income Taxes (continued)

    The Company has $26,731 in United States net operating loss
carryforwards and $797 of United States investment tax credit
carryforwards at December 31, 1999.  The United States net
operating loss carryforwards will expire, unless utilized,
beginning in 2000 and ending December 31, 2013.  The carryforwards
available on an annual basis are limited.  At December 31, 1999,
the Company has nonexpiring operating loss carryforwards in the
United Kingdom of $30,000 (Pounds 18,500), and a net operating loss
carryforward expiring over three years in Venezuela of $1,400
(Bolivars 912,600).  The deferred tax asset applicable to these
operating loss carryforwards has been reduced to zero by a
valuation allowance.


10. Stockholder Rights Plan

    On April 1, 1999, the Company adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan
and declared a distribution of one Preferred Share Purchase Right
("Right") on each outstanding share of the Company's common stock.
The distribution was made on April 15, 1999 to stockholders of
record on that date.  The Rights expire on April 14, 2009.

    The Rights are exercisable only if a person or group acquires
15 percent or more of the Company's common stock or announces a tender
offer the consummation of which would result in ownership by a
person or group of 15 percent or more of the common stock.  Each Right
entitles stockholders to buy one one-thousandth of a share of a
series of junior participating preferred stock at an exercise price
of $30.00 per share.

    If the Company is acquired in a merger or other business
combination transaction after a person or group has acquired 15 percent or
more of the Company's outstanding common stock, each Right entitles its
holder to purchase, at the Right's then-current exercise price, a
number of acquiring company's common shares having a market
value of twice such price.  In addition, if a person or group
acquires 15 percent or more of the Company's outstanding common stock,
each Right entitles its holder (other than such person or members
of such group) to purchase, at the Right's then-current exercise
price, a number of the Company's common shares having a market
value of twice such price.

    Prior to the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial
ownership of 15 percent or more of the Company's common stock, the Rights
are redeemable for one-half cent per Right at the option of the
Company's Board of Directors.


<PAGE>

                                                                           42

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


11. Stock Ownership Plans

    During May 1996, the Company established the Willbros Group,
Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (the "1996 Plan") with 1,125,000 shares of
common stock authorized for issuance to provide for awards to key
employees of the Company, and the Willbros Group, Inc. Director
Stock Plan (the "Director Plan") with 125,000 shares of common
stock authorized for issuance to provide for the grant of stock
options to non-employee directors.  In May 1999, the
stockholders approved the increase of the number of shares
authorized for issuance under the 1996 Plan to 2,125,000.

    Options granted under the 1996 Plan vest 25 percent at the date
 of grant and 25 percent each January 1 thereafter.  Options granted
under the Director Plan vest six months after the date of grant.
At December 31, 1999, the 1996 Plan has 690,450 shares and the
Director Plan has 80,000 shares available for grant.

    The per share weighted-average fair value of options granted is
calculated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model, assuming
the options have a life of three years, the weighted-average risk-
free interest rate at the dates of grant is 5.86 percent in 1999
(4.63 percent in 1998 and 5.84 percent in 1997) and the weighted-
average volatility is 52.78 percent in 1999 (59.12 percent in 1998
and 36.37 percent in 1997).


    The Company's stock option activity and related information
consist of:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                      -----------------------
                                                               1999
                                                      -----------------------

                                                                    Weighted-
                                                                    Average
                                                                    Exercise
                                                        Shares       Price
                                                      ----------  -----------
     <S>                                              <C>         <C>
     Outstanding, beginning
      of year                                          1,093,050  $      9.37

     Granted                                             416,000         5.28

     Exercised                                               500         6.63

     Forfeited                                            29,000        10.51
                                                      ----------  -----------

     Outstanding, end of year                          1,479,550  $      8.20
                                                      ==========  ===========

     Exercisable at end of year                          904,800  $      8.84
                                                      ==========  ===========


- -CONTINUED-


                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                      -----------------------
                                                               1998
                                                      -----------------------

                                                                    Weighted-
                                                                    Average
                                                                    Exercise
                                                        Shares       Price
                                                      ----------  -----------

     <S>                                              <C>         <C>

     Outstanding, beginning of year                      484,500  $      9.19

     Granted                                             655,000         9.50

     Exercised                                            46,450         9.19

     Forfeited                                               500         6.63
                                                      ----------  -----------

     Outstanding, end of year                          1,093,050  $      9.37
                                                      ==========  ===========

     Exercisable at end of year                          517,550  $      9.30
                                                      ==========  ===========


- -CONTINUED-


                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                      -----------------------
                                                               1997
                                                      -----------------------

                                                                    Weighted-
                                                                    Average
                                                                    Exercise
                                                        Shares       Price
                                                      ----------  -----------

     <S>                                              <C>         <C>

     Outstanding, beginning of year                      481,000  $      9.08

     Granted                                               5,000        18.95

     Exercised                                             1,500         9.13

     Forfeited                                                 -            -
                                                      ----------  -----------

     Outstanding, end of year                            484,500  $      9.19
                                                      ==========  ===========

     Exercisable at end of year                          310,750  $      9.22
                                                      ==========  ===========

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

43

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


11. Stock Ownership Plans (continued)

    The weighted-average fair value of options granted during the
year was $2.17 in 1999 ($3.75 in 1998, $5.98 in 1997).  Exercise
prices for options outstanding, weighted-average remaining life and
weighted-average exercise price by ranges of exercise prices at
December 31, 1999 are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                     Weighted-     Weighted-
                                                      Average       Average
        Range of                        Options      Remaining      Exercise
     Exercise Prices                  Outstanding      Life          Price
     ---------------                  -----------   -----------   -----------

     <S>                              <C>           <C>           <C>

     $ 5.06 - $ 6.94                      837,500    9.4 years    $      5.96
     $ 8.67 - $11.75                      420,050    6.8 years           9.07
     $14.94 - $19.44                      222,000    8.1 years          15.01
                                      -----------   -----------   -----------

     $ 5.06 - $19.44                    1,479,550    8.5 years    $      8.20
                                      ===========   ===========   ===========

</TABLE>



    The number of vested options and weighted-average exercise price
by ranges of exercise prices at December 31, 1999, are:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Weighted-
                                                                    Average
        Range of                                       Vested       Exercise
     Exercise Prices                                   Options       Price
     ---------------                                  ----------  -----------

     <S>                                              <C>         <C>

     $ 5.06 - $ 6.94                                     352,250  $      6.21
     $ 8.67 - $11.75                                     420,050         9.08
     $14.94 - $19.44                                     132,500        15.06
                                                      ----------  -----------

     $ 5.06 - $19.44                                     904,800  $      8.84
                                                      ==========  ===========

</TABLE>

    No compensation expense for the options granted under the 1996
Plan and the Director Plan is recorded.  Had compensation expense
for vested options been recorded, the Company's net income would
have been reduced to $(21,232) in 1999 ($(5,234) in 1998 and
$13,624 in 1997), basic earnings per share would have been reduced
to $(1.63) in 1999 ($(.35) in 1998 and $.94 in 1997), and diluted
earnings per share would have been reduced to $(1.63) in 1999
($(.35) in 1998 and $.93 in 1997).

    Under employee stock ownership plans established in 1992 and
1995, certain key employees were issued options to purchase common
stock at a discount from fair value and were allowed to finance up
to 90 percent of the option price with three-year noninterest
bearing recourse notes.


12. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

    The carrying value of financial instruments does not materially
differ from fair value.


<PAGE>

                                                                           44

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


13. Public Offerings

    A secondary offering of the Company's common stock was completed
in October 1997, with the sale of 4,528,250 shares of common stock,
consisting of 590,641 newly issued shares resulting in net proceeds
to the Company of $11,699 before offering costs and 3,937,609 shares
sold by certain stockholders of the Company for which the Company
did not receive any proceeds.


14. Earnings (Loss) Per Share

    Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed as
follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Net income (loss) applicable to
      common shares                        $  (20,018) $   (4,362) $   14,116
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

     Weighted average number of common
      shares outstanding for basic
      earnings per share                   13,029,665  14,744,622  14,540,137

     Weighted average number of
      dilutive potential common
      shares outstanding                            -           -     148,235
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     Weighted average number of
      common shares outstanding for
      diluted earnings per share           13,029,665  14,744,622  14,688,372
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

     Earnings (loss) per common share:

        Basic                              $    (1.54) $     (.30) $      .97
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

        Diluted                            $    (1.54) $     (.30) $      .96
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

    At December 31, 1999, there were 1,479,550 potential common
shares (383,571 at December 31, 1998, and 8,000 at December 31,
1997) excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per
share because of their anti-dilutive effect.


15. Segment Information

    The Company operates in a single operating segment providing
construction, engineering and specialty services to the oil and gas
industry.  Due to a limited number of major projects and clients,
the Company may at any one time have a substantial part of its
operations dedicated to one project, client and country.

    Customers with more than 10 percent of total contract revenue are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Customer A                               36 %         - %        13 %

     Customer B                               11           -           -

     Customer C                                -          22           -

     Customer D                                -          18           -

     Customer E                                -           -          10

     Customer F                                -           -          10
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                              47 %        40 %        33 %
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

45

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


15. Segment Information (continued)

    Information about the Company's operations in its significant
work countries is shown below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                           ----------------------------------
                                              1999        1998        1997
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     Contract revenue:

       Nigeria                             $   75,928  $   48,743  $   75,982

       United States (1)                       42,981      91,151      78,849

       Venezuela                               23,501      75,350      31,830

       Australia                               18,774           -           -

       Oman                                     8,026      17,806      22,846

       Indonesia                                3,205      25,804      27,951

       Ivory Coast                              2,567      14,511           -

       Pakistan                                     -       6,764      13,889

       Other                                    1,582       1,489         530
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                           $  176,564  $  281,618  $  251,877
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========


     Long-lived assets:

       Nigeria                             $   32,258  $   33,005  $   27,106

       United States                           11,680      15,088      10,882

       Venezuela                               14,724      26,495      30,433

       Oman                                     4,665       6,602       8,382

       Indonesia                                3,929       7,246       8,077

       Ivory Coast                              2,953       4,213           -

       Other                                    1,185       2,027         925
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

                                           $   71,394  $   94,676  $   85,805
                                           ==========  ==========  ==========


- ------------------

(1)  Net of intercountry revenue of $3,176 in 1999, $1,463 in
     1998 and $4,365 in 1997.

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

                                                                           46

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


16. Contingencies, Commitments and Other Circumstances

    The Company provides construction, engineering and specialty
services to the oil and gas industry.  The Company's principal
markets are currently Africa, Asia, the Middle East, South America
and the United States.  Operations outside the United States may be
subject to certain risks which ordinarily would not be expected to
exist in the United States, including foreign currency
restrictions, extreme exchange rate fluctuations, expropriation of
assets, civil uprisings and riots, unanticipated taxes including
income taxes, excise duties, import taxes, export taxes, sales
taxes or other governmental assessments, availability of suitable
personnel and equipment, termination of existing contracts and
leases, government instability and legal systems of decrees, laws,
regulations, interpretations and court decisions which are not
always fully developed and which may be retroactively applied.
Management is not presently aware of any events of the type
described in the countries in which it operates that have not been
provided for in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Based upon the advice of local advisors in the various work
countries concerning the interpretation of the laws, practices and
customs of the countries in which it operates, management believes
the Company has followed the current practices in those countries;
however, because of the nature of these potential risks, there can
be no assurance that the Company may not be adversely affected by
them in the future.  The Company insures substantially all of its
equipment in countries outside the United States against certain
political risks and terrorism.

    The Company has the usual liability of contractors for the
completion of contracts and the warranty of its work.  Where work
is performed through a joint venture, the Company also has possible
liability for the contract completion and warranty responsibilities
of its joint venturers.  Management is not aware of any material
exposure related thereto which has not been provided for in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

    Certain postcontract completion audits and reviews are being
conducted by clients and/or government entities.  While there can be
no assurance that claims will not be received as a result of such
audits and reviews, management does not believe a legitimate basis
for any material claims exists.  At the present time it is not
possible for management to estimate the likelihood of such claims
being asserted or, if asserted, the amount or nature thereof.

    The Company has certain operating leases for office and camp
facilities.  Rental expense, excluding daily rentals and
reimbursable rentals under cost plus contracts, was $2,257 in 1999,
$3,254 in 1998, and $2,962 in 1997.  Minimum lease commitments
under operating leases as of December 31, 1999, total $6,357 and
are payable as follows:  2000, $1,937; 2001, $1,699; 2002, $1,496;
2003, $423; 2004, $217; and later years, $585.


<PAGE>

47

Willbros Group, Inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)


17. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

    Selected unaudited quarterly financial data for the years ended
December 31, 1999 and 1998, is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         First      Second
                                                        Quarter     Quarter
                                                       ----------  ----------

     <S>                                               <C>         <C>

     December 31, 1999:

       Contract revenue                                $   28,479  $   41,599

       Operating income (loss)                             (8,574)     (9,178)

       Income (loss) before
        income taxes                                       (6,646)     (8,556)

       Net income (loss)                                   (7,115)     (9,545)

       Earnings (loss) per share,
        basic and diluted                                    (.53)       (.74)

     December 31, 1998:

       Contract revenue                                $   61,835  $   78,752

       Operating income (loss)                              3,129       6,618

       Income (loss) before
        income taxes                                        3,756       5,102

       Net income (loss)                                    3,040       3,788

       Earnings (loss) per share,
        basic and diluted                                     .20         .25


- -CONTINUED-


                                             Third      Fourth
                                            Quarter     Quarter      Total
                                           ----------  ----------  ----------

     <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>

     December 31, 1999:

       Contract revenue                    $   42,650  $   63,836  $  176,564

       Operating income (loss)                 (1,932)      1,889     (17,795)

       Income (loss) before
        income taxes                           (3,254)      1,738     (16,718)

       Net income (loss)                       (4,290)        932     (20,018)

       Earnings (loss) per share,
        basic and diluted                        (.33)        .07       (1.54)

     December 31, 1998:

       Contract revenue                    $   65,962  $   75,069  $  281,618

       Operating income (loss)                 (9,673)      3,249       3,323

       Income (loss) before
        income taxes                          (10,897)      2,244         205

       Net income (loss)                      (11,478)        288      (4,362)

       Earnings (loss) per share,
        basic and diluted                        (.78)        .02        (.30)

</TABLE>

    The Company derives its revenue from contracts with durations
from a few weeks to several months or in some cases, more than a
year.  Unit-price contracts provide relatively even quarterly
results; however, major projects are usually fixed-price contracts
that may result in uneven quarterly financial results due to the
method by which revenue is recognized.


18. Subsequent Event

    On January 24, 2000, the Company acquired Rogers & Phillips,
Inc., a closely held pipeline construction company in the United
States.  The consideration included 1,035,000 shares of the
Company's common stock and approximately $1,516 in cash, and the
transaction was accounted for as a purchase.


<PAGE>


                                                                          48

Corporate Data
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Common Stock Information and Divident Policy

   The Company's common stock trades on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol WG.  As of December 31, 1999, there
were 160 stockholders of record.  The table below sets forth
the common stock trading price by quarter for 1998 and 1999.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                 1998                    1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                           HIGH        LOW         HIGH       LOW

<S>                     <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>

FIRST QUARTER           $ 17        $ 13 1/2    $  6 1/2   $  4 9/16

SECOND QUARTER          $ 19 13/16  $ 15 5/16   $  9       $  5 5/16

THIRD QUARTER           $ 16 1/8    $  5 3/16   $  8 3/4   $  6

FOURTH QUARTER          $  6 7/8    $  5 1/2    $  7 1/8   $  4 5/8

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 21


                           WILLBROS GROUP, INC.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION


                                                            Jurisdiction
             Company Name                                        of
                 and                                        Incorporation
        Name Under Which it is                                   or
    Doing Business (if applicable)                          Organization
- --------------------------------------                  ---------------------
<S>                                                     <C>

Arctic Constructors Limited                                    Canada
Associated Contractors Equipment Corporation                   Panama
Construcciones Acuaticas Mundiales, S.A.                      Venezuela
Constructora CAMSA, C.A.                                      Venezuela
Contratistas Transandinos, S.A.   d/b/a/ COTRA                Colombia
Cruzamientos Direccionales Orizzon, S.A. de C.V.               Mexico
"ESCA" Equipment Service Compania Anonima                     Venezuela
International Pipeline Equipment, Inc.                         Panama
Interproject Engineers Limited                              Cayman Islands
Inversiones CAMSA, C.A.                                       Venezuela
Inversiones Willbros del Ecuador, S.A.                         Panama
Kompaniya Willbros ZAO                                         Russia
Monastere Inc.                                              Delaware, USA
Musketeer Oil B.V.                                           Netherlands
Osage Oilfield Services, Inc.                               Oklahoma, USA
Pipelines & Logistics, Inc.                                 Delaware, USA
Pretensado S.A.                                               Venezuela
Servicios Petroleros Willbros, S.A. de C.V.                    Mexico
Shield Constructors, Inc.                                      Panama
Shield International Engineering, Inc.                         Panama
The Oman Construction Company, L.L.C.                           Oman
Vessel MWB 403, Inc.                                        Delaware, USA
Vintondale Corporation N.V.                              Netherlands Antilles
Willbros Alaska, Inc.                                       Delaware, USA
Willbros Al-Rushaid Limited                                 Saudi Arabia
Willbros Andina Pipeline Investments, L.L.C.                Delaware, USA
Willbros Azerbaijan Limited                                 Cayman Islands
Willbros Bolivia, S.A.                                         Panama
Willbros Butler International, Inc.                            Panama
Willbros Chile, S.A.                                           Chile
Willbros Construction & Engineering - Egypt, LLC               Egypt
Willbros Constructors, Inc.                                    Panama
Willbros Constructors, Inc.                                 Cayman Islands
Willbros Contracting Limited                                   Cyprus
Willbros Energy Services Company                            Delaware, USA
Willbros Engineering & Construction Limited                    Canada
Willbros Engineers, Inc.                                    Delaware, USA

</TABLE>



<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                           Jurisdiction
             Company Name                                       of
                 and                                       Incorporation
        Name Under Which it is                                  or
    Doing Business (if applicable)                         Organization
- --------------------------------------                 ---------------------
<S>                                                    <C>
Willbros Far East, Inc.                                       Vanuatu
Willbros Far East (PNG) Ltd                               Papua New Guinea
Willbros Far East Sdn. Bhd.                                   Malaysia
Willbros Financial Services, Inc.                              Panama
Willbros Gabon, S.A.                                           Panama
Willbros, Inc.                                             Delaware, USA
Willbros International (Germany) G.m.b.H.                      Germany
Willbros International, Inc.                                   Panama
Willbros International Pty Limited                            Australia
Willbros Iran, Inc.                                            Panama
Willbros Kuwait Gas & Oil Field Services Co. (w.l.l.)          Kuwait
Willbros Latina, S.A.                                          Panama
Willbros Marine Assets, Inc.                                   Panama
Willbros Middle East, Inc.                                     Panama
Willbros (Nigeria) Limited                                     Nigeria
Willbros Operating Services, Inc.                          Delaware, USA
Willbros (Overseas) Limited                                United Kingdom
Willbros Suramerica, S.A.                                      Panama
Willbros Transandina S.A.                                      Bolivia
Willbros (U.K.) Limited                                    United Kingdom
Willbros USA, Inc.                                         Delaware, USA
Willbros West Africa, Inc.                                     Panama
Willgrande, L.L.C.                                         Oklahoma, USA
Willsip, L.L.C.                                            Oklahoma, USA

</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

<PAGE>




                                                         EXHIBIT 23









                   INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT




The Board of Directors
Willbros Group, Inc.:

We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration
statements Nos. 333-18421 and 333-21399 on Form S-8 of Willbros
Group, Inc. and the registration statement No. 333-96201 on
Form S-3 of Willbros Group, Inc. of our reports dated February 11,
2000, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of
Willbros Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999 and 1998,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 1999, and the related schedule, which reports are
incorporated by reference or appear in the December 31, 1999 annual
report on Form 10-K of Willbros Group, Inc.





                                            KPMG






Panama City, Panama
March 30, 2000


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
COMPANY'S DECEMBER 31, 1999 FORM 10-K AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000

<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1999
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1999
<CASH>                                           7,806
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                   51,836
<ALLOWANCES>                                     1,267
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                75,646
<PP&E>                                         135,944
<DEPRECIATION>                                  71,131
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 153,153
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           49,845
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                           756
<OTHER-SE>                                      79,671
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   153,153
<SALES>                                        176,564
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               176,564
<CGS>                                          145,498
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  194,359
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               (1,077)
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                   573
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 214
<INCOME-PRETAX>                               (16,718)
<INCOME-TAX>                                     3,300
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                           (20,018)
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                  (20,018)
<EPS-BASIC>                                     (1.54)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                   (1.54)


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
