-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 PzWWRfc0nAh49Ovsnxh+rYjQ/7JzqJojcydh6lCSj2Z1mGdrH8F0UeCuON50LScs
 jP3b9ohf7tlswZv3gFIMcA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000897069-02-000236.txt : 20020415
<SEC-HEADER>0000897069-02-000236.hdr.sgml : 20020415
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897069-02-000236
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20011229
FILED AS OF DATE:		20020326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANTA CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000009801
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMERCIAL PRINTING [2750]
		IRS NUMBER:				390148550
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0103

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14637
		FILM NUMBER:		02587110

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 MAIN ST
		CITY:			MENASHA
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54952
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4147227777

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BANTA GEORGE CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890509

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BANTA GEORGE PUBLISHING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720505
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pdm288a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

(X)  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934
     For the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001
                               -----------------

                                       OR

( )  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
     For the transition period from _________ to __________

Commission File Number 0-6187
                       ------

                                BANTA CORPORATION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         Wisconsin                                                 39-0148550
- ------------------------------                                 -----------------
(State or other jurisdiction                                    (IRS Employer
of incorporation or organization)                                I.D. Number)

225 Main Street, Menasha, Wisconsin                                  54952
- ----------------------------------------                       -----------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                           (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (920) 751-7777
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                     Name of Each Exchange
               Title of Each Class                    On Which Registered
               -------------------                    -------------------
          Common Stock, $.10 par value              New York Stock Exchange
         Rights to Purchase Common Stock            New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. (X) Yes ( ) No

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent files pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. ( )

     Aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of March 1, 2002: $829,877,000.

  Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 1, 2002: 25,010,892

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
(1)  Portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December
     29, 2001 (incorporated into Parts I and II).
(2)  Definitive Proxy Statement for annual meeting of shareholders to be held on
     April 23, 2002 (incorporated into Part III).
<PAGE>
                                     PART I
Item 1.    Business.
           ---------

General.

     Banta Corporation (the "Corporation" or "Banta"), together with its
subsidiaries, is a technology and market leader in printing and supply-chain
management. Banta provides a comprehensive combination of printing and digital
imaging solutions to leading publishers and direct marketers, including advanced
digital content management and e-business services. Banta's supply-chain
management businesses provide a wide range of outsourcing capabilities to the
world's largest technology companies. Services range from component procurement,
product assembly and packaging to inventory control and global distribution. The
Corporation was incorporated in Wisconsin in 1901. Its principal executive
offices are located at 225 Main Street, Menasha, Wisconsin, 54952. The
Corporation had a total of approximately 8,000 employees at the end of fiscal
2001.

     The Corporation operates in two primary business segments, print and
supply-chain management, with a smaller business operation in healthcare
products. The print segment provides products, including digital imaging, and
services to publishers of educational and general books and special-interest
magazines, and is a supplier of consumer and business catalogs, and direct
marketing materials. The supply-chain management segment provides product
assembly, testing, fulfillment and product localization services primarily to
technology companies in North America, Europe and Asia. The healthcare products
business is primarily engaged in the production of disposable products used in
outpatient clinics, dental offices and hospitals. Footnote 12 to the
Corporation's Consolidated Financial Statements in the Corporation's Annual
Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001 includes
further information on the Corporation's business segments, which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

     This document includes forward-looking statements. Statements that describe
future expectations, including revenue and earnings projections, plans, results,
or strategies, are considered forward-looking. Such statements are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ
materially from those currently anticipated. Factors that could affect actual
results include, among others, changes in customers' order patterns or demand
for the Corporation's products and services, changes in raw material costs and
availability (particularly paper), unanticipated changes in operation expenses,
unanticipated production difficulties, changes in demand for products and
services in the technology sector, the impact of increased competition resulting
from industry consolidation, and general changes in economic conditions. Several
of these factors are discussed in greater detail in the section of this document
labeled "Certain Risk Considerations". These factors should be considered in
evaluating the forward-looking statements, and undue reliance should not be
placed on such statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are
made as of the date hereof, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to
update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

Customers.

     The Corporation sells its products and services to a large number of
customers and generally does not have long-term production contracts with its
print or healthcare customers. Production agreements covering one to three years
are, however, more frequent for supply-chain management services and to a lesser
extent, magazine and catalog production. In addition to these production
agreements, during 1999 the Corporation entered into a five-year agreement with
Compaq Computer Corporation. During fiscal 2001 revenues under this contract
were approximately $115 million and Banta expects comparable revenue for fiscal
2002. Under this contract, Banta configures, tests and distributes worldwide
Compaq's hard drives, which are used in mid-range and high-end servers typically
found in information technology centers.

     Substantially all sales are made to customers through employees of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries based on customer specifications. The fifteen
largest customers accounted for approximately 34%, 34% and 25% of net sales
during 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. No customer accounted for more than
10% of the Corporation's net sales in 2001, 2000, or 1999.

     International operations represented 15%, 12%, and 12% of consolidated net
sales and 14%, 11%, and 10% of consolidated assets in 2001, 2000, and 1999,
respectively.
<PAGE>
Backlog
- -------

Lead-time for services varies, depending upon the type of customer, the industry
being serviced and seasonal factors including cyclical paper availability.
Backlogs for the printing segment are expressed in terms of time scheduled on
equipment and not dollar value. Consequently, the dollar value of backlog is not
readily available.

Markets Served.
- --------------

The Corporation operates in two business segments, print and supply-chain
management, and has other operations that produce healthcare products. These
markets are summarized in the following table and described in greater detail
below. Tables in this section set forth the approximate percentage of
segment/category net sales contributed by each class of similar products for the
last three fiscal years.

                                     2001            2000           1999
                                     ----            ----           ----

      Print                           69%             71%            76%
      Supply Chain                    24              22             16
      Healthcare                       7               7              8
                                      --              --             --
             TOTAL                   100%            100%           100%
                                     ====            ====           ====

Print Segment

Within the print segment, the Corporation's operations can be further subdivided
into five general categories:

                                     2001            2000           1999
                                     ----            ----           ----

      Books                           33%             33%            29%
      Direct Marketing                22              21             24
      Catalogs                        22              22             23
      Magazines                       19              19             17
      Digital Imaging                  4               5              7
                                     ---             ---            ---
                  TOTAL              100%            100%           100%
                                     ====            ====           ====

     o    Books

     Banta provides the book publishing market with a variety of print and
electronic media products, in addition to a full range of value-added packaging,
fulfillment and distribution services. Fifteen manufacturing and distribution
centers across the United States and Mexico serve publishing customers in the
educational, trade, professional and religious segments. Banta provides products
ranging from soft cover books, technical manuals and business directories, to
specialty calendars, multimedia kits and instructional games.

     o    Direct Marketing

     Printed materials for direct marketing customers are provided by three
plants. These products vary in format and size and include magazine and catalog
inserts, bill stuffers, brochures, booklets, cards and target market products
designed to sell a product or solicit a response. Recent advances in imaging
technology have enabled customers to obtain personalized direct mail pieces at
press speeds. The Corporation's ability to promote these advanced one-to-one
marketing products for direct marketers is a factor in its success. The
Corporation's direct
<PAGE>
marketing customers are primarily marketers of financial services, packaged
goods, and retail products and ad agencies.

     o    Catalogs

     Two of the Corporation's facilities produce catalogs primarily for the
specialty, business-to-business, industrial and retail catalog markets. Bindery
services provide ink-jet labeling and demographic binding (which allows several
different versions of the same catalog to be bound simultaneously). Distribution
services are provided by various operating units of the Corporation, including
computerized mail distribution planning systems. These services assist the
Corporation's customers in minimizing postage costs and are an integral part of
catalog printing services.

     o    Magazines

     The Corporation's three plants serving the magazine market print, sort and
mail more than 800 different titles of magazines. These magazines are primarily
short-to-medium run publications (usually less than 350,000 copies), which are
generally distributed to subscribers by mail. The Corporation's primary magazine
customers are publishers of specialty magazines, including religious, business
and professional journals and hobby, craft and sporting publications. The
Corporation provides its customers with computerized mailing lists and
distribution services.

     o    Digital Imaging

     Prepress services are provided by several of the Corporation's facilities
to publishers, printers and advertising agencies. Such services include the
conversion of full-color photographs, art and text into color separated film and
digital files for use in the production of printing plates. These units also
provide electronic graphic design, digital photography and on-demand print
services. During the last several years, these units have diversified their
customer base to include packaging customers and have increased their ability to
maximize plant utilization by connecting their facilities through an extensive
network of high-speed telecommunication lines. The Corporation also offers
multiple graphic communication solutions to its customers.

     The Corporation's Digital Content Management Solutions Center in Cambridge
Massachusetts provides sophisticated database systems for archiving, managing,
retrieving and enabling multiple uses of customers' digital information. The
Corporation's service offerings also include interactive online products for the
Internet, including web site hosting and maintenance, as well as electronic
commerce solutions. During 2001, the Corporation continued to invest in their
B-media digital content management system that automates a customer's production
process by streamlining information storage and retrieval for print and
electronic distribution.

Supply-Chain Management

     Banta Global Turnkey, a division of Banta, is one of the largest and most
experienced providers of supply-chain management and turnkey manufacturing
services. This division serves as a global outsourcing partner to many of the
world's leading technology companies. With nearly two decades of experience
serving the technology marketplace, Banta is a significant contributor to the
evolution of turnkey services around the world and a leader in developing the
next generation of global supply-chain integration services.

     The Corporation's product offerings for supply-chain management include
product configuration and manufacturing, procurement, testing, packaging,
assembly and worldwide distribution services for computer hardware, consumer
electronics and computer software publishers in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Banta provides the technology infrastructure to manage multiple elements of the
supply chain, integrating Banta, the customers and the customer's suppliers into
a common information technology system, reducing inventories, collapsing cycle
time and driving significant costs out of the supply chain.

Healthcare Products

     Banta Healthcare Group, Ltd. ("BHG") converts poly film and paper into
single-use products for the healthcare and food service industries. In addition,
BHG extrudes films, using both cast and blown extruders, for use in its
manufacturing processes and for sale to external customers. Its products include
plastic garment covers, examination gowns, stretcher sheets, examination table
paper and pillow covers. These disposable products are used in outpatient
clinics, dental offices and hospitals.
<PAGE>
Certain Risk Considerations

     The Corporation's business is exposed to risk from a variety of factors.
Three key areas of risk, while not intended to be a comprehensive or definitive
list, are summarized below.

     o    Competition

     Within the print segment the graphic arts industry has continued to
experience consolidation over the last few years. This trend has resulted in
fewer private, independent competitors, creating several competitors that are
larger than the Corporation in size with broader product offerings. The major
competitive factors in the Corporation's print business are quality of finished
products, time to market and distribution capabilities, ongoing customer
service, price, availability of time on equipment and schedule flexibility. The
consolidation of customers within certain of the Corporation's markets provides
both greater competitive pricing pressures and opportunities for increased
volume solicitation as customers reduce the number of vendors and aggregate
volume. In recent years, seasonal excess capacity in the printing industry has
resulted in lower unit prices. The Corporation believes it has been able to
remain competitive in part because it is financially able to invest in modern
technologically advanced equipment, which helps reduce unit costs, and because
of productivity gains resulting from Continuous Improvement programs.

     The major competitive factors in the Corporation's supply-chain management
segment are customer service, global positioning, price, location relative to
customer manufacturing sites, quality of information technology and the ability
to develop creative and innovative solutions for customer manufacturing,
fulfillment and distribution needs. In recent years, continuing pressure from
customers to reduce cost, reduce time to market and improve quality of service
have led to increased pricing pressures. The Corporation believes it has been
able to remain competitive because of its continued investment in people and
technology to deliver excellent service.

     o    Customers

     The Corporation's supply-chain management segment primarily serves global
technology customers. This concentration of customers within one industry
creates increased risk when there is a significant decline in the economy or in
this industry.

     o    General Economic Conditions

Global economic conditions have the potential to significantly impact the
Corporation's financial results. Within the print segment a change in economic
conditions can impact many areas of spending, including government, business and
individual spending. These changes can have a direct impact on the amount of
print business available. Examples include:

     o    Reductions or increases in state government spending on education
          leads to a corresponding decrease or increase in educational
          materials, which are produced by the Corporation's Book group.
     o    Reductions or increases in business spending on advertising impact
          advertising page counts in magazines, and the volume of direct
          marketing materials. These changes will impact results in the
          Corporation's Publication, Direct Marketing and Catalog groups.

     Within the supply-chain management segment a change in economic condition
that impacts individual or business spending on technology has the potential to
significantly impact Banta's major customers in this market, which would impact
the Corporation's financial performance.

Raw Materials

     The principal raw material used by the Corporation in the print segment is
paper. Most of the Corporation's production facilities are located in heavily
concentrated papermaking areas, and the Corporation can generally obtain quality
paper at competitive prices. The Corporation is not dependent upon any one
source for its paper or other raw materials.

     During 2001, the price of paper decreased on a composite average
approximately 9%. It is customary for printers to adjust sales prices to reflect
market fluctuations in paper prices. In 2000, the price of paper increased
<PAGE>
approximately 10%. In 1999, the price of paper grades used most frequently by
the Corporation remained stable. Prices for ink used in certain portions of the
print segment of the business decreased in 2001. The Corporation uses a number
of other raw materials including resins, packaging materials and subcontracted
components. The cost of these materials remained relatively stable in 2001, 2000
and 1999.

     Materials used for assembly, testing and fulfillment in the supply-chain
management segment are specific to the customers' product and may include
computer keyboards or components thereof, cables, printed manuals, various
hardware components and packing materials. There is no single dominant raw
material used in this business segment.

Development.
- -----------

     The Corporation is engaged in long-range research and development relating
to technology and system enhancements, and has spent significant amounts of
money for such purposes. The Corporation believes that its research and
development investments are above the industry average. One of the objectives of
the technical research and development effort is to establish a competitive
advantage in existing markets by focusing on improving operating procedures,
increasing machine speeds and improving monitoring of paper usage, as well as
working on the development of proprietary inks, coatings, adhesives and machine
modifications.

     To help achieve its research and development objectives, the Corporation
maintains labs staffed with full-time personnel whose task is to enhance current
technologies for market-specific applications. The effort is guided by the
Corporation's Research and Development Council, which includes members from the
Corporation's different operating groups. The Corporation also has increased its
emphasis on the development of new products and services, including the
development of digital technologies that encompass software solutions for
digital content management and electronic commerce. During the last several
years, 60 professional and technical employees have been primarily focused on
research and development activities.

Environment Factors.
- -------------------

     The Corporation has environmental compliance programs primarily for control
of internal and external air quality, groundwater quality, disposal of waste
material and all aspects of the work environment concerning employee health.
Capital expenditures for air quality equipment have approximated 1% to 3% of
total capital expenditures in each of the last three years. Planned capital
expenditures for environmental control equipment are expected to be in the same
range for 2002. The Corporation also incurs ongoing costs in monitoring
compliance with environmental laws concerning the disposal of waste materials
and the remediation of sites previously used for the disposal of waste
materials. Requirements of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and state
agencies nationwide relating to disposal of waste in landfill sites are
increasing, thus creating higher costs for the Corporation and its competitors.
Costs for environmental compliance and waste disposal have not been material to
the Corporation in the past, but management believes that expenditures for these
purposes may have a negative impact on its earnings and those of its competitors
in the future. However, any increased costs are not expected to have a material
impact on the Corporation's competitive position, assuming similar costs are
required of competitors. The Corporation does not believe at the present time
that any cost, claims or penalties that may be incurred or assessed under
environmental laws, in connection with known environmental assessment and
remediation matters, beyond any reserves already provided, will have a material
adverse effect upon the operations or consolidated financial position of the
Corporation.

Foreign Operations.
- ------------------

     Footnote 12 to the Corporation's Consolidated Financial Statements in the
Corporation's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December
29, 2001 includes information on the Corporation's foreign operations. The
disclosures contained in such footnote are hereby incorporated herein by
reference.
<PAGE>
                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE CORPORATION

Name, Age, Position                   Business Experience During Last Five Years
- -------------------                   ------------------------------------------
Donald D. Belcher; 63...............  Chairman of the Board and Chief
 Chairman and Chief                   Executive Officer of the Corporation
  Executive Officer                   since January 2001; Chairman, President
                                      and Chief Executive Officer prior thereto.

Stephanie A. Streeter; 44...........  President and Chief Operating Officer
 President and Chief Operating        since January 2001; Chief Operating
  Officer                             Officer of idealab! (creator and operator
                                      of Internet businesses) from January 2000
                                      to December 2000; Group Vice President of
                                      Avery Dennison (diversified manufacturing
                                      company) from 1996 to 2000.

Daniel W. Kiener; 50................  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President and Chief Financial   since March 2002; Treasurer of PPG
 Officer                              Industries, Inc.(diversified manufacturing
                                      company) from 1996 to 2001.

Gerald A. Henseler; 61..............  Executive Vice President since March 2002;
 Executive Vice President             Executive Vice President and Chief
                                      Financial Officer of the Corporation
                                      prior thereto.

Ronald D. Kneezel; 45...............  Vice President, General Counsel and
 Vice President, General Counsel      Secretary of the Corporation.
 and Secretary

Dennis J. Meyer; 46.................  Vice President Marketing of the
 Vice President Marketing             Corporation.


Frank W. Rudolph; 45................  Vice President Human Resources of the
 Vice President Human Resources       Corporation since September 2000; Chief
                                      Administrative Officer of Overhead Door
                                      Corporation (designer, manufacturer and
                                      distributor of entrance systems) from 1997
                                      until joining the Corporation: Executive
                                      Director, Human Resources of US West, Inc.
                                      (provider of telecommunications services)
                                      from 1996 to 1997.

There are no family relationships among the executive officers of the
Corporation.

All of the executive officers are elected or appointed annually by the
Corporation's Board of Directors. Each officer holds office until his or her
successor has been elected or appointed or until his or her death, resignation
or removal.
<PAGE>
Item 2.  Properties.
         -----------

     At the end of fiscal 2001, the Corporation's operations were conducted at
38 production facilities in the United States and at seven foreign production
facilities. The Corporation and its subsidiaries own operating plants located in
California, Connecticut, Minnesota, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee,
Utah, Virginia and Wisconsin as well as several warehouse facilities for storage
of materials. As of the end of fiscal 2001, these owned facilities included
approximately 3,899,000 square feet of space utilized as follows: office space -
357,000 square feet, manufacturing - 2,032,000 square feet and warehouse -
1,510,000 square feet. The Corporation also leases production facilities in
Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Texas, Utah, Washington and
Wisconsin, as well as warehouse space in numerous locations. Foreign production
facilities located in Ireland, Scotland, The Netherlands, Mexico and Singapore
are also leased. The total of all leased facilities contain approximately
3,441,000 square feet of space. The buildings owned and leased by the
Corporation are primarily of steel and brick construction.

     One plant and certain of its equipment owned by the Corporation is pledged
to secure issues of industrial revenue bonds in the principal amount of $920,000
as of December 29, 2001.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
         ------------------

     The Corporation is not involved in any material pending legal proceedings,
as defined by this item.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
         ----------------------------------------------------

     Not applicable.

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.
         ----------------------------------------------------------------------

     Under long-term debt agreements to which the Corporation is a party, the
payment of cash dividends by the Corporation is subject to certain limitations.
As of December 29, 2001, approximately $100,596,000 of retained earnings was not
restricted under these agreements.

     The information set forth under the caption "Dividend Record and Market
Prices" (but excluding the graphs related thereto) in the Corporation's Annual
Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001 is hereby
incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item.

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.
         ------------------------

     The information set forth under the caption "Five-Year Summary of Selected
Financial Data" (but excluding the graphs related thereto) in the Corporation's
Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2001 is
hereby incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis.
         -------------------------------------

     The information set forth under the caption "Management's Discussion and
Analysis" in the Corporation's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year
ended December 29, 2001 is hereby incorporated herein by reference in response
to this Item.
<PAGE>
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Discussion about Market Risk.
          ----------------------------------------------------------

     The information set forth under the caption "Management's Discussion and
Analysis" in the Corporation's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year
ended December 29, 2001 is hereby incorporated herein by reference in response
to this Item.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
         --------------------------------------------

     The Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Corporation and subsidiaries as of
December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000, and the related consolidated Statements
of Earnings, Cash Flows and Shareholders' Investment for the fiscal years ended
December 29, 2001, December 30, 2000, and January 1, 2000, together with the
related notes thereto and the Report of Independent Public Accountants thereon
set forth in the Corporation's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year
ended December 29, 2001, are hereby incorporated herein by reference in response
to a portion of this Item.

     The information set forth under the caption "Unaudited Quarterly Financial
Information" in the Corporation's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal
year ended December 29, 2001 is hereby incorporated herein by reference in
response to a portion of this Item.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         ---------------------------------------------------------------
         Financial Disclosure.
         ---------------------

     Not applicable.

                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
          ---------------------------------------------------

     The information under the captions "Election of Directors" and "Other
Matters-Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" contained in
the Corporation's definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of
shareholders to be held on April 23, 2002, as filed with the Securities Exchange
Commission, is hereby incorporated herein by reference in response to a portion
of this Item. Reference is also made to the information under the heading
"Executive Officers of the Corporation" included under Item 1 of Part I of this
report.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.
          -----------------------

     The information under the captions "Board of Directors" and "Executive
Compensation" (other than the information under the subheading "Committee Report
on Executive Compensation") contained in the Corporation's definitive proxy
statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 23, 2002,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is hereby incorporated
herein by reference in response to this Item.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.
          ---------------------------------------------------------------

     The information under the caption "Stock Ownership" contained in the
Corporation's definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders
to be held on April 23, 2002, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, is hereby incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.
          -----------------------------------------------

     The information under the caption "Other Matters - Related Party
Transaction" contained in the Corporation's definitive proxy statement for the
annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 23, 2002, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, is hereby incorporated herein by reference
in response to this Item.
<PAGE>
                                     PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K.
          ----------------------------------------------------------------

     (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report:

                                                         PAGE REFERENCE
                                                         --------------
                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                      FORM 10-K  TO SHAREHOLDERS
                                                      ---------  ---------------
1.   Financial Statements:
     Report of Independent Public Accountants                          37
     Consolidated Balance Sheets
          December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000                      24
     For the fiscal years ended December 29, 2001, December 30,
          2000, and January 1, 2000:
               Consolidated Statements of Earnings                     25
               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                   26
               Consolidated Statements of
                 Shareholders' Investment                              27
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                      28-36

2.   Financial Statement Schedule:
     Report of Independent Public Accountants            13
     Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts     14

     All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is
     included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto, or
     because the information is not required or applicable.

3.   Exhibits:

     3.  (a) Articles of Incorporation, as amended (1)
         (b) Bylaws amendment effective January 1, 2002
         (c) Bylaws, as amended

4.   (a) Note Purchase Agreement dated June 24, 1988(2)
     (b) Promissory Note Agreement dated July 17, 1990(3)
     (c) Rights Agreement dated November 5, 2001(4)
     (d) Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated May 12, 1994(5)
     (e) Amendment to Promissory Note Agreement dated July 17, 1990(6)
     (f) Note Purchase and Medium-term Note Agreement Dated November 2, 1995(7)
     (g) Credit Agreement dated March 10, 2000(8)
     (h) Amendment to Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated May 12, 1994(9)

     [Note: The registrant has outstanding certain issues of industrial revenue
     bonds, none of which authorize the issuance of securities in an amount
     exceeding 10% of the registrant's consolidated assets. The registrant
     hereby agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of any
     instrument with respect to long-term debt under which the total amount of
     securities authorized does not exceed 10% of the registrant's consolidated
     assets.]
<PAGE>
*10. (a) Amended and Restated Supplemental Retirement Plan for Key Employees(10)
     (b)  Agreement with Gerald A. Henseler (11)
     (c)  Agreement with Ronald D. Kneezel (12)
     (d)  Form of Agreement with Stephanie A. Streeter, Daniel W. Kiener and
          Dennis J. Meyer (13)
     (e)  Agreement with Donald D. Belcher (14)
     (f)  1985 Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Employees, as amended and
          restated (15)
     (g)  1988 Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Employees, as amended and
          restated (16)
     (h)  Basic Form of Deferred Compensation Agreements under (pre-January
          1994) 1985 and 1988 Deferred Compensation Plans for Key Employees (17)
     (i)  Basic Form of Deferred Compensation under (post-December 1993) 1988
          Deferred Compensation plan for Key Employees (18)
     (j)  Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, as amended (19)
     (k)  Revised Form of Indemnity Agreements with Directors and Certain
          Officers (20)
     (l)  Executive Trust Agreement (21)
     (m)  Amendment to Executive Trust Agreement (22)
     (n)  1991 Stock Option Plan, as amended (23)
     (o)  Description of Supplemental Long-term Disability Plan (24)
     (p)  Letter Agreement with Donald D. Belcher (25)
     (q)  Agreement with Gerald A. Henseler (26)
     (r)  Banta Corporation 1995 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (27)
     (s)  Banta Corporation Director Stock Grant Plan (28)
     (t)  Agreement with Stephanie A. Streeter (29)
     (u)  Amendment to the Deferred Compensation Plans for Key Employees (30)
     (v)  Executive Deferred Compensation Plan "B" (31)
     (w)  Economic Profit Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated
     (x)  Economic Profit Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and
          restated
     (y)  Agreement with Daniel W. Kiener

13.  Portions of Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended
     December 29, 2001 that are incorporated by reference herein.

21.  List of Subsidiaries.

22.  Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP.

99.1. Company Representation Letter Regarding Arthur Andersen LLP.

* Exhibits 10(a) through 10(y) are management contracts or compensatory plans or
arrangements. All documents incorporated herein by reference are filed with the
Commission under File No. 0-6187.
<PAGE>
(1)  Exhibit No. 19(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 1993 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(2)  Exhibit No. 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 1988 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(3)  Exhibit No. 4 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 1990 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(4)  Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Form 8-A Registration Statement dated November 5,
     2001 is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(5)  Exhibit No. 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 1994 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(6)  Exhibit No. 4(c) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 1994 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(7)  Exhibit No. 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1995 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(8)  Exhibit No. 4(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2000 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(9)  Exhibit No. 4.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2000 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(10) Exhibit No. 10 (x) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2000 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(11) Exhibit No. 10 to Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 1983 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(12) Exhibit No. 10(d) to Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2000 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(13) Exhibit No. 10(e) to Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2000 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(14) Exhibit No. 10(f) to Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2000 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(15) Exhibit No. 10(j) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 1989 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(16) Exhibit No. 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 1994 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(17) Exhibit No. 10(l) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 1989 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.
<PAGE>
(18) Exhibit No. 10(b) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 1994 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(19) Exhibit No. 10(m) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 1996 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(20) Exhibit No. 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 1992 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference . (21) Exhibit No. 10(r) to Form
     10-K for the year ended December 30, 1989 is hereby incorporated herein by
     reference.

(22) Exhibit No. 10(s) to Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 1994 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(23) Exhibit No. 10(t) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 1996 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(24) Exhibit No. 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 2, 1993 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(25) Exhibit No. 10(a) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 1, 1994 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(26) Exhibit No. 10(dd) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(27) Exhibit No. 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2001 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

(28) Exhibit No. 10(z) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 1996 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(29) Exhibit No. 10(w) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2000 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(30) Exhibit No. 10 (x) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2000 is
     hereby incorporated herein by reference.

(31) Exhibit No. 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2001 is hereby
     incorporated herein by reference.

All documents incorporated herein by reference are filed with the Commission
under File No. 0-6187.

     (b)  The Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 5,
          2001, reporting (under Item 5) the adoption of a new Shareholder
          Rights Agreement and the declaration of a dividend of common share
          purchase rights in connection therewith.
<PAGE>
                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
                    ----------------------------------------

We have audited in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States, the consolidated financial statements included in the Banta
Corporation annual report to shareholders incorporated by reference in this Form
10-K, and have issued our report thereon dated January 28, 2002. Our audit was
made for the purpose of forming an opinion on those statements taken as a whole.
The schedule listed in the index in item 14(a) (2) is the responsibility of the
Corporation's management and is presented for purposes of complying with the
Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part of the basic
consolidated financial statements. The schedule has been subjected to the
auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic consolidated financial
statements and, in our opinion, fairly states in all material respects the
financial data required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.


/s/ Arthur Andersen LLP
ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
January 28, 2002.

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                         BANTA CORPORATION
                                          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                              YEARS ENDED December 29, 2001 and December 30, 2000 and January 1, 2000

<CAPTION>

                                                                      DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS
                              ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   BALANCE,            ADDITIONS             CHARGES
                                 BEGINNING OF         CHARGED TO                TO                                  BALANCE, END
                                    YEAR               EARNINGS             RESERVE, NET            OTHER             OF YEAR
                              ------------------    -----------------    -----------------    ---------------    -----------------
Reserve for Doubtful
Receivables:

<S>                           <C>                  <C>                   <C>                  <C>                <C>
          2001                $           8,105    $           3,644     $           4,665    $            0     $          7,084
                               =================    =================     =================    ==============     ================

          2000                $           4,927    $           4,643     $           1,832    $       367(1)     $          8,105
                               =================    =================     =================    ==============     ================

          1999                $           3,835    $           3,189     $           2,097    $            0     $          4,927
                               =================    =================     =================    ==============     ================


(1)      Consists of additions to the reserve related to acquisitions.

                                        15
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       BANTA CORPORATION


DATE: March 22, 2002                   BY: /s/ Donald D. Belcher
     -----------------                    -------------------------------------
                                       Donald D. Belcher, Chairman of the Board
                                          and Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/s/ Donald D. Belcher                                          March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Donald D. Belcher, Chairman of the Board
  and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Stephanie A. Streeter                                      March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Stephanie A. Streeter, President and Chief
  Operating Officer, and Director

/s/ Daniel W. Kiener                                           March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Daniel W. Kiener, Vice President and Chief
  Financial Officer

/s/ Gerald A. Henseler                                         March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Gerald A. Henseler, Executive Vice President
  and Director

/s/ Bernard S. Kubale                                          March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Bernard S. Kubale, Director

/s/ Jameson A. Baxter                                          March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Jameson A. Baxter, Director

/s/ Richard L. Gunderson                                       March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Richard L. Gunderson, Director

/s/ John F. Bergstrom                                          March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
John F. Bergstrom, Director

/s/ Ray C. Richelsen                                           March 22, 2002
- --------------------------------------------                   ---------------
Ray C. Richelsen, Director

<PAGE>
                        Banta Corporation File No. 0-6187
                     Form 10-K, Year Ended December 29, 2001

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                                  -------------


Exhibit Number
- --------------

3(b) Bylaw amendment effective January 1, 2002

3(c) Bylaws, as amended

10(w) Economic Profit Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated

10(x) Economic Profit Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and
restated

10(y) Agreement with Daniel W. Kiener

13. Portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended
December 29, 2001

21.  List of Subsidiaries

23.  Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP

99.1. Company Representation Letter regarding Arthur Andersen LLP.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(B)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pdm288b.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BYLAW AMENDMENT
<TEXT>


          Effective January 1, 2002, the second sentence of Section 3.01 of
Article III of the Company's By-laws was amended in its entirety to provide as
follows:

          The number of directors of the corporation shall be eleven (11).


                                      * * *

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(C)
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pdm288c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BY-LAWS
<TEXT>

                                                                        01/01/02
                                                                        --------
                                     BY-LAWS
                                       OF
                               BANTA CORPORATION
                            -------------------------
                            (a Wisconsin corporation)


                               ARTICLE I. OFFICES

          1.01. Principal and Business Offices. The corporation may have such
principal and other business offices, either within or without the State of
Wisconsin, as the Board of Directors may designate or as the business of the
corporation may require from time to time.

          1.02. Registered Office. The registered office of the corporation
required by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law to be maintained in the State
of Wisconsin may be, but need not be, identical with the principal office in the
State of Wisconsin, and the address of the registered office may be changed from
time to time by the Board of Directors. The business office of the registered
agent of the corporation shall be identical to such registered office.

                            ARTICLE II. SHAREHOLDERS

          2.01. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the shareholders of the
corporation (the "Annual Meeting") shall be held on the second Tuesday in the
month of April of each year, at the hour of two (2) o'clock p.m. (local time),
or at such other time and date as may be fixed by or under the authority of the
Board of Directors, for the purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may properly come before the Annual
Meeting in accordance with Section 2.13 of these by-laws. If the day fixed for
the Annual Meeting shall be a legal holiday in the State of Wisconsin, such
meeting shall be held on the next succeeding business day. If the election of
directors shall not be held on the day designated herein, or fixed as herein
provided, for any Annual Meeting, or at any adjournment thereof, the Board of
Directors shall cause the election to be held at a special meeting of the
shareholders (a "Special Meeting") as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. In
fixing a meeting date for any Annual Meeting, the Board of Directors may
consider such factors as it deems relevant within the good faith exercise of its
business judgment.

          2.02.    Special Meetings.

          (a) A Special Meeting may be called only by (i) the Chairman of the
Board, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer or (iii) the Board of Directors and
shall be called by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer upon
the demand, in accordance with this Section 2.02, of the holders of record of
shares representing at least 10% of all the votes entitled to be cast on any
issues proposed to be considered at the Special Meeting.


                                       B-1
<PAGE>

          (b) In order that the corporation may determine the shareholders
entitled to demand a Special Meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record
date to determine the shareholders entitled to make such a demand (the "Demand
Record Date"). The Demand Record Date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the Demand Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors
and shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution
fixing the Demand Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. Any
shareholder of record seeking to have shareholders demand a Special Meeting
shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary of the corporation by hand or
by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of
Directors to fix a Demand Record Date. The Board of Directors shall promptly,
but in all events within 10 days after the date on which a valid request to fix
a Demand Record Date is received, adopt a resolution fixing the Demand Record
Date and shall make a public announcement of such Demand Record Date. If no
Demand Record Date has been fixed by the Board of Directors within 10 days after
the date on which such request is received by the Secretary, the Demand Record
Date shall be the 10th day after the first day on which a valid written request
to set a Demand Record Date is received by the Secretary. To be valid, such
written request shall set forth the purpose or purposes for which the Special
Meeting is to be held, shall be signed by one or more shareholders of record (or
their duly authorized proxies or other representatives), shall bear the date of
signature of each such shareholder (or proxy or other representative) and shall
set forth all information about each such shareholder and about the beneficial
owner or owners, if any, on whose behalf the request is made that would be
required to be set forth in a shareholder's notice described in paragraph
(a)(ii) of Section 2.13 of these by-laws.

          (c) In order for a shareholder or shareholders to demand a Special
Meeting, a written demand or demands for a Special Meeting by the holders of
record as of the Demand Record Date of shares representing at least 10% of all
the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at the
Special Meeting must be delivered to the corporation. To be valid, each written
demand by a shareholder for a Special Meeting shall set forth the specific
purpose or purposes for which the Special Meeting is to be held (which purpose
or purposes shall be limited to the purpose or purposes set forth in the written
request to set a Demand Record Date received by the corporation pursuant to
paragraph (b) of this Section 2.02, shall be signed by one or more persons who
as of the Demand Record Date are shareholders of record (or their duly
authorized proxies or other representatives), shall bear the date of signature
of each such shareholder (or proxy or other representative), and shall set forth
the name and address, as they appear in the corporation's books, of each
shareholder signing such demand and the class or series and number of shares of
the corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by each such
shareholder, shall be sent to the Secretary by hand or by certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be received by the
Secretary within 70 days after the Demand Record Date.

          (d) The corporation shall not be required to call a Special Meeting
upon shareholder demand unless, in addition to the documents required by
paragraph (c) of this Section 2.02, the Secretary receives a written agreement
signed by each Soliciting Shareholder (as defined herein), pursuant to which
each Soliciting Shareholder, jointly and severally, agrees to pay the
corporation's costs of holding the Special Meeting, including the costs of
preparing and mailing proxy materials for the corporation's own solicitation,
provided that if each of the resolutions introduced by any Soliciting
Shareholder at such meeting is adopted, and each of the individuals nominated by
or on behalf of any Soliciting Shareholder for election as director at such
meeting is elected, then the


                                       B-2
<PAGE>

Soliciting Shareholders shall not be required to pay such costs. For purposes of
this paragraph (d), the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

          (i) "Affiliate" of any Person shall mean any Person controlling,
     controlled by or under common control with such first Person.

          (ii) "Participant" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Rule 14a-11 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended (the "Exchange Act").

          (iii) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation,
     partnership, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization
     or other entity.

          (iv) "Proxy" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Rule
     14a-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

          (v) "Solicitation" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Rule 14a-11 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

          (vi) "Soliciting Shareholder" shall mean, with respect to any Special
     Meeting demanded by a shareholder or shareholders, any of the following
     Persons:

               (A) if the number of shareholders signing the demand or demands
          for a meeting delivered to the corporation pursuant to paragraph (c)
          of this Section 2.02 is 10 or fewer, each shareholder signing any such
          demand;

               (B) if the number of shareholders signing the demand or demands
          for a meeting delivered to the corporation pursuant to paragraph (c)
          of this Section 2.02 is more than 10, each Person who either (I) was a
          Participant in any Solicitation of such demand or demands or (II) at
          the time of the delivery to the corporation of the documents described
          in paragraph (c) of this Section 2.02, had engaged or intended to
          engage in any Solicitation of Proxies for use at such Special Meeting
          (other than a Solicitation of Proxies on behalf of the corporation);
          or

               (C) any Affiliate of a Soliciting Shareholder, if a majority of
          the directors then in office determine, reasonably and in good faith,
          that such Affiliate should be required to sign the written notice
          described in paragraph (c) of this Section 2.02 and/or the written
          agreement described in this paragraph (d) in order to prevent the
          purposes of this Section 2.02 from being evaded.

          (e) Except as provided in the following sentence, any Special Meeting
shall be held at such hour and day as may be designated by whichever of the
Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors
shall have called such meeting. In the case of any Special Meeting called by the
Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer upon the demand of
shareholders (a "Demand Special Meeting"), such meeting shall be held at such
hour and day as may


                                       B-3
<PAGE>

be designated by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the date of any
Demand Special Meeting shall be not more than 70 days after the Meeting Record
Date (as defined in Section 2.05 of these by-laws); and provided further that in
the event that the directors then in office fail to designate an hour and date
for a Demand Special Meeting within 10 days after the date that valid written
demands for such meeting by the holders of record as of the Demand Record Date
of shares representing at least 10% of all the votes entitled to be cast on any
issue proposed to be considered at the Special Meeting are delivered to the
corporation (the "Delivery Date"), then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m.
(local time) on the 100th day after the Delivery Date or, if such 100th day is
not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day. In
fixing a meeting date for any Special Meeting, the Chairman of the Board, the
Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors may consider such factors as
he or it deems relevant within the good faith exercise of his or its business
judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the action proposed to be
taken, the facts and circumstances surrounding any demand for such meeting, and
any plan of the Board of Directors to call an Annual Meeting or a Special
Meeting for the conduct of related business.

          (f) The corporation may engage nationally or regionally recognized
independent inspectors of elections to act as an agent of the corporation for
the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any
purported written demand or demands for a Special Meeting received by the
Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review,
no purported demand shall be deemed to have been delivered to the corporation
until the earlier of (i) 5 Business Days following receipt by the Secretary of
such purported demand and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify
to the corporation that the valid demands received by the Secretary represent at
least 10% of all the votes entitled to be cast on each issue proposed to be
considered at the Special Meeting. Nothing contained in this paragraph shall in
any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any
shareholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any demand, whether
during or after such 5 Business Day period, or to take any other action
(including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any
litigation with respect thereto).

          (g) For purposes of these by-laws, "Business Day" shall mean any day
other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the
State of Wisconsin are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to
close.

          2.03. Place of Meeting. The Board of Directors, the Chairman of the
Board or the Chief Executive Officer may designate any place, either within or
without the State of Wisconsin, as the place of meeting for any Annual Meeting
or for any Special Meeting, or for any postponement thereof. If no designation
is made, the place of meeting shall be the principal business office of the
corporation in the State of Wisconsin. Any meeting may be adjourned to reconvene
at any place designated by vote of the Board of Directors or by the Chairman of
the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

          2.04. Notice of Meeting. Written notice stating the place, day and
hour of any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting shall be delivered not less than
10 (unless a longer period is required by the Wisconsin Business Corporation
Law) nor more than 70 days before the date of such meeting, either personally or
by mail, by or at the direction of the Secretary, to each shareholder of record
entitled to vote at such meeting and to other shareholders as may be required by
the Wisconsin


                                      B-4
<PAGE>

Business Corporation Law. In the event of any Demand Special Meeting, such
notice of meeting shall be sent not more than 30 days after the Delivery Date.
If mailed, notice pursuant to this Section 2.04 shall be deemed to be effective
when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to each shareholder at his
or her address as it appears on the stock record books of the corporation, with
postage thereon prepaid. Unless otherwise required by the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law, a notice of an Annual Meeting need not include a description of
the purpose for which the meeting is called. In the case of any Special Meeting,
(a) the notice of meeting shall describe any business that the Board of
Directors shall have theretofore determined to bring before the meeting and (b)
in the case of a Demand Special Meeting, the notice of meeting (i) shall
describe any business set forth in the statement of purpose of the demands
received by the corporation in accordance with Section 2.02 of these by-laws and
(ii) shall contain all of the information required in the notice received by the
corporation in accordance with Section 2.13(b) of these by-laws. If an Annual
Meeting or Special Meeting is adjourned to a different date, time or place, the
corporation shall not be required to give notice of the new date, time or place
if the new date, time or place is announced at the meeting before adjournment;
provided, however, that if a new Meeting Record Date for an adjourned meeting is
or must be fixed, the corporation shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to
persons who are shareholders as of the new Meeting Record Date.

          2.05. Fixing of Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix in advance
a date not less than 10 days and not more than 70 days prior to the date of any
Annual Meeting or Special Meeting as the record date for the determination of
shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, such meeting (the "Meeting
Record Date"). In the case of any Demand Special Meeting, (i) the Meeting Record
Date shall be not later than the 30th day after the Delivery Date and (ii) if
the Board of Directors fails to fix the Meeting Record Date within 30 days after
the Delivery Date, then the close of business on such 30th day shall be the
Meeting Record Date. The shareholders of record on the Meeting Record Date shall
be the shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. Except as
provided by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law for a court-ordered
adjournment, a determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote
at any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting is effective for any adjournment of
such meeting unless the Board of Directors fixes a new Meeting Record Date,
which it shall do if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than 120 days after
the date fixed for the original meeting. The Board of Directors may also fix in
advance a date as the record date for the purpose of determining shareholders
entitled to take any other action or determining shareholders for any other
purpose. Such record date shall be not more than 70 days prior to the date on
which the particular action, requiring such determination of shareholders, is to
be taken. The record date for determining shareholders entitled to a
distribution (other than a distribution involving a purchase, redemption or
other acquisition of the corporation's shares) or a share dividend is the date
on which the Board of Directors authorizes the distribution or share dividend,
as the case may be, unless the Board of Directors fixes a different record date.

          2.06. Shareholder Lists. After a Meeting Record Date has been fixed,
the corporation shall prepare a list of the names of all of the shareholders
entitled to notice of the meeting. The list shall be arranged by class or series
of shares, if any, and show the address of and number of shares held by each
shareholder. Such list shall be available for inspection by any shareholder,
beginning two business days after notice of the meeting is given for which the
list was prepared and continuing to the date of the meeting, at the
corporation's principal office or at a place identified in the meeting notice in
the city where the meeting will be held. A shareholder or his or her agent may,
on


                                       B-5
<PAGE>

written demand, inspect and, subject to the limitations imposed by the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law, copy the list, during regular business hours and at
his or her expense, during the period that it is available for inspection
pursuant to this Section 2.06. The corporation shall make the shareholders' list
available at the meeting and any shareholder or his or her agent or attorney may
inspect the list at any time during the meeting or any adjournment thereof.
Refusal or failure to prepare or make available the shareholders' list shall not
affect the validity of any action taken at a meeting of shareholders.

          2.07. Quorum and Voting Requirements; Postponements; Adjournments.

          (a) Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group may take action
on a matter at any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting only if a quorum of those
shares exists with respect to that matter. If the corporation has only one class
of stock outstanding, such class shall constitute a separate voting group for
purposes of this Section 2.07. Except as otherwise provided in the Articles of
Incorporation, any by-law adopted under authority granted in the Articles of
Incorporation, or the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, a majority of the
votes entitled to be cast on the matter shall constitute a quorum of the voting
group for action on that matter. Once a share is represented for any purpose at
any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting, other than for the purpose of objecting
to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting, it is considered
present for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists for the remainder of
the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new Meeting Record
Date is or must be set for the adjourned meeting. If a quorum exists, except in
the case of the election of directors, action on a matter shall be approved if
the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the votes cast
opposing the action, unless the Articles of Incorporation, any by-law adopted
under authority granted in the Articles of Incorporation, or the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law requires a greater number of affirmative votes. Unless
otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, directors shall be elected
by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election
of directors at any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting at which a quorum is
present. For purposes of this Section 2.07(a), "plurality" means that the
individuals with the largest number of votes are elected as directors up to the
maximum number of directors to be chosen at the Annual Meeting or Special
Meeting.

          (b) The Board of Directors acting by resolution may postpone and
reschedule any previously scheduled Annual Meeting or Special Meeting; provided,
however, that a Demand Special Meeting shall not be postponed beyond the 100th
day following the Delivery Date. Any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting may be
adjourned from time to time, whether or not there is a quorum, (i) at any time,
upon a resolution of shareholders if the votes cast in favor of such resolution
by the holders of shares of each voting group entitled to vote on any matter
theretofore properly brought before the meeting exceed the number of votes cast
against such resolution by the holders of shares of each such voting group or
(ii) at any time prior to the transaction of any business at such meeting, by
the Chairman of the Board or pursuant to resolution of the Board of Directors.
No notice of the time and place of adjourned meetings need be given except as
required by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law. At any adjourned meeting at
which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.


                                       B-6
<PAGE>

          2.08. Conduct of Meetings. The Chairman of the Board, and in his
absence the Chief Executive Officer, shall call any Annual Meeting or Special
Meeting to order and shall act as chairman of such meeting. In the absence of
the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, such duties shall be
performed by the President. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the
Chief Executive Officer and the President, such duties shall be performed by a
Vice-President in the order provided under Section 4.07, or in their absence, by
any person chosen by the shareholders present. The Secretary of the corporation
shall act as secretary of all Annual Meetings and Special Meetings, but, in the
absence of the Secretary, the presiding officer may appoint any other person to
act as secretary of the meeting.

          2.09. Proxies. At any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting, a shareholder
entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy. A shareholder may appoint a
proxy to vote or otherwise act for the shareholder by signing an appointment
form, either personally or by his or her attorney-in-fact. An appointment of a
proxy is effective when received by the Secretary or other officer or agent of
the corporation authorized to tabulate votes. An appointment is valid for eleven
months from the date of its signing unless a different period is expressly
provided in the appointment form. The Board of Directors shall have the power
and authority to make rules establishing presumptions as to the validity and
sufficiency of proxies.

          2.10. Voting of Shares. Each outstanding share shall be entitled to
one vote upon each matter submitted to a vote at any Annual Meeting or Special
Meeting except to the extent that the voting rights of the shares of any class
or classes are enlarged, limited or denied by the Articles of Incorporation or
the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law.

          2.11. Acceptance of Instruments Showing Shareholder Action. If the
name signed on a vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment corresponds to the
name of a shareholder, the corporation, if acting in good faith, may accept the
vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment and give it effect as the act of a
shareholder. If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment
does not correspond to the name of a shareholder, the corporation, if acting in
good faith, may accept the vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment and give
it effect as the act of the shareholder if any of the following apply:

          (a) The shareholder is an entity and the name signed purports to be
that of an officer or agent of the entity.

          (b) The name purports to be that of a personal representative,
administrator, executor, guardian or conservator representing the shareholder
and, if the corporation requests, evidence of fiduciary status acceptable to the
corporation is presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver or proxy
appointment.

          (c) The name signed purports to be that of a receiver or trustee in
bankruptcy of the shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence of this
status acceptable to the corporation is presented with respect to the vote,
consent, waiver or proxy appointment.


                                       B-7
<PAGE>

          (d) The name signed purports to be that of a pledgee, beneficial
owner, or attorney-in-fact of the shareholder and, if the corporation requests,
evidence acceptable to the corporation of the signatory's authority to sign for
the shareholder is presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver or proxy
appointment.

          (e) Two or more persons are the shareholders as co-tenants or
fiduciaries and the name signed purports to be the name of at least one of the
co-owners and the person signing appears to be acting on behalf of all
co-owners.

The corporation may reject a vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment if the
Secretary or other officer or agent of the corporation who is authorized to
tabulate votes, acting in good faith, has reasonable basis for doubt about the
validity of the signature on it or about the signatory's authority to sign for
the shareholder.

          2.12. Waiver of Notice by Shareholders. A shareholder may waive any
notice required by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, the Articles of
Incorporation or these by-laws before or after the date and time stated in the
notice. The waiver shall be in writing and signed by the shareholder entitled to
the notice, contain the same information that would have been required in the
notice under applicable provisions of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law
(except that the time and place of meeting need not be stated) and be delivered
to the corporation for inclusion in the corporate records. A shareholder's
attendance at any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting, in person or by proxy,
waives objection to all of the following: (a) lack of notice or defective notice
of the meeting, unless the shareholder at the beginning of the meeting or
promptly upon arrival objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at
the meeting; and (b) consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is
not within the purpose described in the meeting notice, unless the shareholder
objects to considering the matter when it is presented.

          2.13. Notice of Shareholder Business and Nomination of Directors.

          (a) Annual Meetings.

          (i) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of
     the corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the
     shareholders may be made at an Annual Meeting (A) pursuant to the
     corporation's notice of meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the Board of
     Directors or (C) by any shareholder of the corporation who is a shareholder
     of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this by-law and
     who is entitled to vote at the meeting and complies with the notice
     procedures set forth in this Section 2.13.

          (ii) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before
     an Annual Meeting by a shareholder pursuant to clause (C) of paragraph
     (a)(i) of this Section 2.13, the shareholder must have given timely notice
     thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation. To be timely, a
     shareholder's notice shall be received by the Secretary of the corporation
     at the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than 60 days
     nor more than 90 days prior to the second Tuesday in the month of


                                       B-8
<PAGE>

     April; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the Annual
     Meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days
     from the second Tuesday in the month of April, notice by the shareholder to
     be timely must be so received not earlier than the 90th day prior to the
     date of such Annual Meeting and not later than the close of business on the
     later of (x) the 60th day prior to such Annual Meeting and (y) the 10th day
     following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting
     is first made. Such shareholder's notice shall be signed by the shareholder
     of record who intends to make the nomination or introduce the other
     business (or his duly authorized proxy or other representative), shall bear
     the date of signature of such shareholder (or proxy or other
     representative) and shall set forth: (A) the name and address, as they
     appear on this corporation's books, of such shareholder and the beneficial
     owner or owners, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is
     made; (B) the class and number of shares of the corporation which are
     beneficially owned by such shareholder or beneficial owner or owners; (C) a
     representation that such shareholder is a holder of record of shares of the
     corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in
     person or by proxy at the meeting to make the nomination or introduce the
     other business specified in the notice; (D) in the case of any proposed
     nomination for election or re-election as a director, (I) the name and
     residence address of the person or persons to be nominated, (II) a
     description of all arrangements or understandings between such shareholder
     or beneficial owner or owners and each nominee and any other person or
     persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination is
     to be made by such shareholder, (III) such other information regarding each
     nominee proposed by such shareholder as would be required to be disclosed
     in solicitations of proxies for elections of directors, or would be
     otherwise required to be disclosed, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A
     under the Exchange Act, including any information that would be required to
     be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A had the
     nominee been nominated by the Board of Directors and (IV) the written
     consent of each nominee to be named in a proxy statement and to serve as a
     director of the corporation if so elected; and (E) in the case of any other
     business that such shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (I) a
     brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting
     and, if such business includes a proposal to amend these by-laws, the
     language of the proposed amendment, (II) such shareholder's and beneficial
     owner's or owners' reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and
     (III) any material interest in such business of such shareholder and
     beneficial owner or owners.

          (iii) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph
     (a)(ii) of this Section 2.13 to the contrary, in the event that the number
     of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the corporation is
     increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees
     for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors
     made by the corporation at least 70 days prior to the second Tuesday in the
     month of April, a shareholder's notice required by this Section 2.13 shall
     also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new
     positions created by such increase, if it shall be received by the
     Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later
     than the close of business on the


                                       B-9
<PAGE>

     10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made
     by the corporation.

          (b) Special Meetings. Only such business shall be conducted at a
Special Meeting as shall have been described in the notice of meeting sent to
shareholders pursuant to Section 2.04 of these by-laws. Nominations of persons
for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a Special Meeting at which
directors are to be elected pursuant to such notice of meeting (i) by or at the
direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any shareholder of the
corporation who (A) is a shareholder of record at the time of giving of such
notice of meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (C) complies with
the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. Any shareholder desiring
to nominate persons for election to the Board of Directors at such a Special
Meeting shall cause a written notice to be received by the Secretary of the
corporation at the principal executive offices of the corporation not earlier
than 90 days prior to such Special Meeting and not later than the close of
business on the later of (x) the 60th day prior to such Special Meeting and (y)
the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the
date of such Special Meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of
Directors to be elected at such meeting. Such written notice shall be signed by
the shareholder of record who intends to make the nomination (or his duly
authorized proxy or other representative), shall bear the date of signature of
such shareholder (or proxy or other representative) and shall set forth: (A) the
name and address, as they appear on the corporation's books, of such shareholder
and the beneficial owner or owners, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is
made; (B) the class and number of shares of the corporation which are
beneficially owned by such shareholder or beneficial owner or owners; (C) a
representation that such shareholder is a holder of record of shares of the
corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or
by proxy at the meeting to make the nomination specified in the notice; (D) the
name and residence address of the person or persons to be nominated; (E) a
description of all arrangements or understandings between such shareholder or
beneficial owner or owners and each nominee and any other person or persons
(naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination is to be made
by such shareholder; (F) such other information regarding each nominee proposed
by such shareholder as would be required to be disclosed in solicitations of
proxies for elections of directors, or would be otherwise required to be
disclosed, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act,
including any information that would be required to be included in a proxy
statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A had the nominee been nominated by the
Board of Directors; and (G) the written consent of each nominee to be named in a
proxy statement and to serve as a director of the corporation if so elected.

          (c) General.

          (i) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures
     set forth in this Section 2.13 shall be eligible to serve as directors.
     Only such business shall be conducted at an Annual Meeting or Special
     Meeting as shall have been brought before such meeting in accordance with
     the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. The chairman of the meeting
     shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any
     business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in accordance
     with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13 and, if any proposed


                                       B-10
<PAGE>

     nomination or business is not in compliance with this Section 2.13, to
     declare that such defective proposal shall be disregarded.

          (ii) For purposes of this Section 2.13, "public announcement" shall
     mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service,
     Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document
     publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

          (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.13, a
     shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the
     Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the
     matters set forth in this Section 2.13. Nothing in this Section 2.13 shall
     be deemed to limit the corporation's obligation to include shareholder
     proposals in its proxy statement if such inclusion is required by Rule
     14a-8 under the Exchange Act.



                                       B-11
<PAGE>

                         ARTICLE III. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

          3.01. General Powers and Number. All corporate powers shall be
exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the
corporation shall be managed under the direction of, its Board of Directors. The
number of directors of the corporation shall be eleven (11).

          3.02. Tenure and Qualifications. Each director shall hold office until
the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor shall have been
elected and qualified, or until there is a decrease in the number of directors
which takes effect after the expiration of his term, or until his prior death,
resignation or removal. A director may be removed by the shareholders only at a
meeting called for the purpose of removing the director, and the meeting notice
shall state that the purpose, or one of the purposes, of the meeting is removal
of the director. A director may be removed from office but only for cause (as
defined herein) if the number of votes cast to remove the director exceeds the
number of votes cast not to remove him; provided, however, that, if the Board of
Directors, by resolution, shall have recommended removal of a director, then the
shareholders may remove such director without cause by the vote referred to
above. As used herein, "cause" shall exist only if the director whose removal is
proposed has been convicted of a felony by a court of competent jurisdiction,
where such conviction is no longer subject to direct appeal, or has been
adjudged liable for actions or omissions in the performance of his duty to the
corporation in a matter which has had a materially adverse effect on the
business of the corporation, where such adjudication is no longer subject to
appeal. A director may resign at any time by delivering written notice which
complies with the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law to the Chairman of the
Board or to the corporation. A director's resignation is effective when the
notice is delivered unless the notice specifies a later effective date.
Directors need not be residents of the State of Wisconsin but must be
shareholders of the corporation. Except as otherwise provided by the Board of
Directors, a director shall retire no later than the end of the term in which
occurs the earlier of the director's attainment of age seventy (70) or the
completion of fifteen (15) years of service as a non-employee director;
provided, however, that the fifteen (15) year limitation shall be inapplicable
to any director who had completed at least fifteen (15) years as a non-employee
director as of January 1, 1995. As used herein, a "non-employee director" shall
mean a director who is not an employee of the corporation or any of its
subsidiaries.

          3.03. Regular Meetings. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors
shall be held without other notice than this by-law immediately after the Annual
Meeting, and each adjourned session thereof. The place of such regular meeting
shall be the same as the place of the Annual Meeting which precedes it, or such
other suitable place as may be announced at such Annual Meeting. The Board of
Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place, either within or
without the State of Wisconsin, for the holding of additional regular meetings
without other notice than such resolution.

          3.04. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may
be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer or any three directors. The Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive
Officer may fix any place, either within or without the State of Wisconsin, as
the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors, and if no
other place is fixed the place of meeting shall be the principal business office
of the corporation in the State of Wisconsin.


                                       B-12
<PAGE>

          3.05. Notice; Waiver. Notice of each meeting of the Board of Directors
(unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to Section 3.03) shall be given by
written notice delivered or communicated in person, by telegram, facsimile or
other form of wire or wireless communication, or by mail or private carrier, to
each director at his business address or at such other address as such director
shall have designated in writing filed with the Secretary, in each case not less
than 48 hours prior to the time of the meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be
deemed to be effective when deposited in the United States mail so addressed,
with postage thereon prepaid. If notice be given by telegram, such notice shall
be deemed to be effective when the telegram is delivered to the telegraph
company. If notice is given by private carrier, such notice shall be deemed to
be effective when the notice is delivered to the private carrier. Whenever any
notice whatever is required to be given to any director of the corporation under
the Articles of Incorporation or these by-laws or any provision of the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law, a waiver thereof in writing, signed at any time,
whether before or after the time of meeting, by the director entitled to such
notice, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. The corporation
shall retain any such waiver as part of the permanent corporate records. A
director's attendance at or participation in a meeting waives any required
notice to him of the meeting unless the director at the beginning of the meeting
or promptly upon his arrival objects to holding the meeting or transacting
business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action
taken at the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose
of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified
in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting.

          3.06. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law or by the Articles of Incorporation or these by-laws, a majority
of the number of directors set forth in Section 3.01 shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, but a
majority of the directors present (though less than such quorum) may adjourn the
meeting from time to time without further notice.

          3.07. Manner of Acting. The act of the majority of the directors
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board
of Directors, unless the act of a greater number is required by the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law or by the Articles of Incorporation or these by-laws.

          3.08. Conduct of Meetings. The Chairman of the Board, and in his
absence, the Chief Executive Officer, and in his absence, the President or a
Vice-President in the order provided under Section 4.07, and in their absence,
any director chosen by the directors present, shall call meetings of the Board
of Directors to order and shall act as chairman of the meeting. The Secretary of
the corporation shall act as secretary of all meetings of the Board of
Directors, but in the absence of the Secretary, the presiding officer may
appoint any Assistant Secretary or any director or other person present to act
as secretary of the meeting. Minutes of any regular or special meeting of the
Board of Directors shall be prepared and distributed to each director.

          3.09. Vacancies. Except as provided below, any vacancy occurring in
the Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the
number of directors, may be filled by any of the following: (a) the
shareholders; (b) the Board of Directors; or (c) if the directors remaining in
office constitute fewer than a quorum of the Board of Directors, the directors,
by the affirmative


                                       B-13
<PAGE>

vote of a majority of all directors remaining in office. If the vacant office
was held by a director elected by a voting group of shareholders, only the
holders of shares of that voting group may vote to fill the vacancy if it is
filled by the shareholders, and only the remaining directors elected by that
voting group may vote to fill the vacancy if it is filled by the directors. A
vacancy that will occur at a specific later date, because of a resignation
effective at a later date or otherwise, may be filled before the vacancy occurs,
but the new director may not take office until the vacancy occurs.

          3.10. Compensation. The Board of Directors, by affirmative vote of a
majority of the directors then in office, and irrespective of any personal
interest of any of its members, may establish reasonable compensation of all
directors for services to the corporation as directors, officers or otherwise,
or may delegate such authority to an appropriate committee. The Board of
Directors also shall have authority to provide for or to delegate authority to
an appropriate committee to provide for reasonable pensions, disability or death
benefits, and other benefits or payments, to directors, officers and employees
to the corporation.

          3.11. Presumption of Assent. A director of the corporation who is
present at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof of which
he is a member at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be
presumed to have assented to the action taken unless any of the following
occurs: (a) the director objects at the beginning of the meeting or promptly
upon his arrival to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting;
(b) the director dissents or abstains from an action taken and minutes of the
meeting are prepared that show the director's dissent or abstention from the
action taken; (c) the director delivers written notice that complies with the
Wisconsin Business Corporation Law of his dissent or abstention to the presiding
officer of the meeting before its adjournment or to the corporation immediately
after adjournment of the meeting; or (d) the director dissents or abstains from
an action taken, minutes of the meeting are prepared that fail to show the
director's dissent or abstention from the action taken, and the director
delivers to the corporation a written notice of that failure that complies with
the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law promptly after receiving the minutes.
Such right to dissent or abstain shall not apply to a director who voted in
favor of such action.

          3.12. Committees. The Board of Directors by resolution adopted by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the number of directors set forth in Section
3.01 may create one or more committees, appoint members of the Board of
Directors to serve on the committees and designate other members of the Board of
Directors to serve as alternates. Each committee shall have two or more members
who shall, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, serve at the
pleasure of the Board of Directors. A committee may be authorized to exercise
the authority of the Board of Directors, except that a committee may not do any
of the following: (a) authorize distributions; (b) approve or propose to
shareholders action that the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law requires to be
approved by shareholders; (c) fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or,
unless the Board of Directors provides by resolution that vacancies on a
committee shall be filled by the affirmative vote of the remaining committee
members, on any Board committee; (d) amend the corporation's Articles of
Incorporation; (e) adopt, amend or repeal by-laws; (f) approve a plan of merger
not requiring shareholder approval; (g) authorize or approve reacquisition of
shares, except according to a formula or method prescribed by the Board of
Directors; and (h) authorize or approve the issuance or sale or contract for
sale of shares, or determine the designation and relative rights, preferences
and limitations


                                       B-14
<PAGE>

of a class or series of shares, except that the Board of Directors may authorize
a committee to do so within limits prescribed by the Board of Directors. Unless
otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in creating the committee, a
committee may employ counsel, accountants and other consultants to assist it in
the exercise of its authority.

          3.13. Telephonic Meetings. Except as herein provided and
notwithstanding any place set forth in the notice of the meeting or these
by-laws, members of the Board of Directors (and any committee thereof) may
participate in regular or special meetings by, or through the use of, any means
of communication by which all participants may simultaneously hear each other,
such as by conference telephone. If a meeting is conducted by such means, then
at the commencement of such meeting the presiding officer shall inform the
participating directors that a meeting is taking place at which official
business may be transacted. Any participant in a meeting by such means shall be
deemed present in person at such meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
action may be taken at any meeting held by such means on any particular matter
which the presiding officer determines, in his sole discretion, to be
inappropriate under the circumstances for action at a meeting held by such
means. Such determination shall be made and announced in advance of such
meeting.

          3.14. Unanimous Consent without Meeting. Any action required or
permitted by the Articles of Incorporation or these by-laws or any provision of
the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law to be taken by the Board of Directors (or
a committee thereof) at a meeting may be taken without a meeting if a consent in
writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by all members of
the Board or of the committee, as the case may be, then in office. Such action
shall be effective when the last director or committee member signs the consent,
unless the consent specifies a different effective date.

                              ARTICLE IV. OFFICERS

          4.01. Number. The principal officers of the corporation shall be a
Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one or more
Vice-Presidents, not to exceed six (6) at any given time, a Secretary, and a
Treasurer, each of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors. Such other
officers and assistant officers as may be deemed necessary may be elected or
appointed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also authorize
any duly appointed officer to appoint one or more officers or assistant
officers. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person.

          4.02. Election and Term of Office. The officers of the corporation to
be elected by the Board of Directors shall be elected annually by the Board of
Directors at the first meeting of the Board of Directors held after the Annual
Meeting. If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such
election shall be held as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Each officer
shall hold office until such officer's successor shall have been duly elected or
until his prior death, resignation or removal.

          4.03. Removal and Resignation. The Board of Directors may remove any
officer and, unless restricted by the Board of Directors or these by-laws, an
officer may remove any officer or assistant officer appointed by that officer,
at any time, with or without cause and notwithstanding


                                       B-15
<PAGE>

the contract rights, if any, of the officer removed. Election or appointment
shall not of itself create contract rights. An officer may resign at any time by
delivering notice to the corporation that complies with the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law. The resignation shall be effective when the notice is
delivered, unless the notice specifies a later effective date and the
corporation accepts the later effective date.

          4.04. Vacancies. A vacancy in any principal office because of death,
resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, shall be filled by the
Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term. If a resignation of an
officer is effective at a later date as contemplated by Section 4.03 hereof, the
Board of Directors may fill the pending vacancy before the effective date if the
Board provides that the successor may not take office until the effective date.

          4.05. Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall, when
present, preside at all Annual Meetings and Special Meetings and at all meetings
of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board shall perform such other
duties and functions as shall be assigned to him from time to time by the Board
of Directors or in these by-laws. Except where by law the signature of the Chief
Executive Officer or the President of the corporation is required, the Chairman
of the Board shall possess the same power and authority as the Chief Executive
Officer or the President to sign, execute and acknowledge, on behalf of the
corporation, all deeds, mortgages, bonds, stock certificates, contracts, leases,
reports and all other documents or instruments and shall have such additional
power to sign, execute and acknowledge, on behalf of the corporation, as may be
authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors.

          4.06. Chief Executive Officer. Subject to the control of the Board of
Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall in general supervise and control
all of the business and affairs of the corporation. He shall have authority,
subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, to appoint
and remove such agents and employees of the corporation as he shall deem
necessary, to prescribe their powers, duties and compensation, and to delegate
authority to them. He shall have authority to sign, execute and acknowledge, on
behalf of the corporation, all deeds, mortgages, securities, contracts, leases,
reports, and all other documents or other instruments necessary or proper to be
executed in the course of the corporation's regular business, or which shall be
authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors; and, except as otherwise
provided by law or the Board of Directors, he may authorize any elected
President, Vice President or other officer or agent of the corporation to sign,
execute and acknowledge such documents or instruments in his place and stead. In
general, he shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chief Executive
Officer of the corporation and such other duties as may be prescribed by the
Board of Directors from time to time.

          4.07. President. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or in
the event of his death, inability or refusal to act, or in the event for any
reason it shall be impracticable for the Chief Executive Officer to act
personally, the President shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive
Officer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all
the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer. He shall have authority,
subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, to appoint
such agents and employees of the corporation as he shall deem necessary, to
prescribe their powers, duties and compensation, and to delegate authority to
them. Such agents and employees shall hold office at the discretion of the
President. He shall have authority to sign, execute and acknowledge, on behalf
of the corporation, all deeds, mortgages, bonds, stock


                                       B-16
<PAGE>

certificates, contracts, leases, reports and all other documents or instruments
necessary or proper to be executed in the course of the corporation's regular
business, or which shall be authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors;
and, except as otherwise provided by law or the Board of Directors, he may
authorize any Vice President or other officer or agent of the corporation to
sign, execute and acknowledge such documents or instruments in his place and
stead. In general the President shall perform all duties incident to the office
of President and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of
Directors or the Chief Executive Officer from time to time.

          4.08. The Vice-Presidents. In the absence of the President or in the
event of his death, inability or refusal to act, or in the event for any reason
it shall be impracticable for the President to act personally, the
Vice-President (or in the event there be more than one Vice-President, the
Vice-Presidents in the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the
absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform
the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of
and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. Any Vice-President
may sign, with the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certificates for shares of
the corporation and shall perform such other duties and have such authority as
from time to time may be delegated or assigned to him by the President, Chief
Executive Officer or by the Board of Directors. The execution of any instrument
of the corporation by any Vice-President shall be conclusive evidence, as to
third parties, of his authority to act in the stead of the President.

          4.09. The Secretary. The Secretary shall: (a) keep the minutes of all
Annual Meetings and Special Meetings and of all meetings of the Board of
Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose (including records of
actions taken without a meeting); (b) see that all notices are duly given in
accordance with the provisions of these by-laws or as required by the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the
seal of the corporation and see that the seal of the corporation is affixed to
all documents the execution of which on behalf of the corporation under its seal
is duly authorized; (d) maintain a record of the shareholders of the
corporation, in a form that permits preparation of a list of the names and
addresses of all shareholders, by class or series of shares and showing the
number and class or series of shares held by each shareholder; (e) sign with the
Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or a
Vice-President, certificates for shares of the corporation, the issuance of
which shall have been authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors; (f)
have general charge of the stock transfer books of the corporation; and (g) in
general perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and have such
other duties and exercise such authority as from time to time may be delegated
or assigned to him by the President, the Chief Executive Officer or by the Board
of Directors.

          4.10. The Treasurer. The Treasurer shall: (a) have charge and custody
of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the corporation; (b)
maintain appropriate accounting records; (c) receive and give receipts for
moneys due and payable to the corporation from any source whatsoever, and
deposit all such moneys in the name of the corporation in such banks, trust
companies or other depositaries as shall be selected in accordance with the
provisions of Section 5.04; and (d) in general perform all of the duties
incident to the office of Treasurer and have such other duties and exercise such
other authority as from time to time may be delegated or assigned to him by the
President, the Chief Executive Officer or by the Board of Directors. If required
by the Board of


                                       B-17
<PAGE>

Directors, the Treasurer shall give a bond for the faithful discharge of his
duties in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the Board of Directors
shall determine.

          4.11. Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers. There shall be
such number of Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as the Board of
Directors may from time to time authorize. The Assistant Secretaries may sign
with the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a
Vice-President certificates for shares of the corporation the issuance of which
shall have been authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors. The
Assistant Treasurers shall respectively, if required by the Board of Directors,
give bonds for the faithful discharge of their duties in such sums and with such
sureties as the Board of Directors shall determine. The Assistant Secretaries
and Assistant Treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties and have such
authority as shall from time to time be delegated or assigned to them by the
Secretary or the Treasurer, respectively, or by the President, the Chief
Executive Officer or the Board of Directors.

          4.12. Other Assistants and Acting Officers. The Board of Directors
shall have the power to appoint, or to authorize any duly appointed officer of
the corporation to appoint, any person to act as assistant to any officer, or as
agent for the corporation in his stead, or to perform the duties of such officer
whenever for any reason it is impracticable for such officer to act personally,
and such assistant or acting officer or other agent so appointed by the Board of
Directors or the appointing officer shall have the power to perform all the
duties of the office to which he is so appointed to be assistant, or as to which
he is so appointed to act, except as such power may be otherwise defined or
restricted by the Board of Directors or the appointing officer.

          4.13. Salaries. The salaries of the principal officers shall be fixed
from time to time by the Board of Directors or by a duly authorized committee
thereof, and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such salary by reason
of the fact that he is also a director of the corporation.

                ARTICLE V. CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS;
                             SPECIAL CORPORATE ACTS

          5.01. Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or
officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute or deliver any
instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and such
authorization may be general or confined to specific instances. In the absence
of other designation, all deeds, mortgages and instruments of assignment or
pledge made by the corporation shall be executed in the name of the corporation
by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or one
of the Vice-Presidents and by the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, the
Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary,
when necessary or required, shall affix the corporate seal thereto; and when so
executed no other party to such instrument or any third party shall be required
to make any inquiry into the authority of the signing officer or officers.

          5.02. Loans. No indebtedness for borrowed money shall be contracted on
behalf of the corporation and no evidences of such indebtedness shall be issued
in its name unless authorized by or under the authority of a resolution of the
Board of Directors. Such authorization may be general or confined to specific
instances.


                                       B-18
<PAGE>

          5.03. Checks, Drafts, etc. All checks, drafts or other orders for the
payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of
the corporation, shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of
the corporation and in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by
or under the authority of a resolution of the Board of Directors.

          5.04. Deposits. All funds of the corporation not otherwise employed
shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the corporation in such
banks, trust companies or other depositories as may be selected by or under the
authority of a resolution of the Board of Directors.

          5.05 Voting of Securities Owned by this Corporation. Subject always to
the specific directions of the Board of Directors, (a) any shares or other
securities issued by any other corporation and owned or controlled by this
corporation may be voted at any meeting of security holders of such other
corporation by the Chairman of the Board of this corporation if he be present,
or in his absence by the Chief Executive Officer if he be present, or in his
absence by the President of this corporation if he be present, or in his absence
by any Vice-President of this corporation who may be present, and (b) whenever,
in the judgment of the Chairman of the Board, or in his absence of the Chief
Executive Officer, or in his absence of the President, or in his absence of any
Vice-President, it is desirable for this corporation to execute a proxy or
written consent in respect to any shares or other securities issued by any other
corporation and owned by this corporation, such proxy or consent shall be
executed in the name of this corporation by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief
Executive Officer, the President or one of the Vice-Presidents of this
corporation, without necessity of any authorization by the Board of Directors,
affixation of corporate seal or countersignature or attestation by another
officer. Any person or persons designated in the manner above stated as the
proxy or proxies of this corporation shall have full right, power and authority
to vote the shares or other securities issued by such other corporation and
owned by this corporation the same as such shares or other securities might be
voted by this corporation.

          5.06. No Nominee Procedures. The corporation has not established, and
nothing in these by-laws shall be deemed to establish, any procedure by which a
beneficial owner of the corporation's shares that are registered in the name of
a nominee is recognized by the corporation as the shareholder under Section
180.0723 of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law.

             ARTICLE VI. CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER

          6.01. Certificates for Shares. Certificates representing shares of the
corporation shall be in such form, consistent with the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors. Such
certificates shall be signed by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President or a Vice-President and by the Secretary or an Assistant
Secretary. All certificates for shares shall be consecutively numbered or
otherwise identified. The name and address of the person to whom the shares
represented thereby are issued, with the number of shares and date of issue,
shall be entered on the stock transfer books of the corporation. All
certificates surrendered to the corporation for transfer shall be cancelled and
no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate for a like
number of shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled, except as provided
in Section 6.06.


                                       B-19
<PAGE>

          6.02. Facsimile Signatures and Seal. The seal of the corporation on
any certificates for shares may be a facsimile. The signatures of the Chairman
of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice-President
and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary upon a certificate may be facsimiles if
the certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent, or registered by a
registrar, other than the corporation itself or an employee of the corporation.

          6.03. Signature by Former Officers. In case any officer, who has
signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any certificate for
shares, shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued,
it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such
officer at the date of its issue.

          6.04. Transfer of Shares. Prior to due presentment of a certificate
for shares for registration of transfer the corporation may treat the registered
owner of such shares as the person exclusively entitled to vote, to receive
notifications and otherwise to exercise all the rights and powers of an owner.
Where a certificate for shares is presented to the corporation with a request to
register for transfer, the corporation shall not be liable to the owner or any
other person suffering loss as a result of such registration of transfer if (a)
there were on or with the certificate the necessary endorsements, and (b) the
corporation had no duty to inquire into adverse claims or has discharged any
such duty. The corporation may require reasonable assurance that said
endorsements are genuine and effective and in compliance with such other
regulations as may be prescribed under the authority of the Board of Directors.

          6.05. Restrictions on Transfer. The face or reverse side of each
certificate representing shares shall bear a conspicuous notation of any
restriction imposed by the corporation upon the transfer of such shares.

          6.06. Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates. Where the owner claims
that his certificate for shares has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, a
new certificate shall be issued in place thereof if the owner (a) so requests
before the corporation has notice that such shares have been acquired by a bona
fide purchaser, and (b) files with the corporation a sufficient indemnity bond,
and (c) satisfies such other reasonable requirements as the Board of Directors
may prescribe.

          6.07. Consideration for Shares. The Board of Directors may authorize
shares to be issued for consideration consisting of any tangible or intangible
property or benefit to the corporation, including cash, promissory notes,
services performed, contracts for services to be performed or other securities
of the corporation. Before the corporation issues shares, the Board of Directors
shall determine that the consideration received or to be received for the shares
to be issued is adequate. In the absence of a resolution adopted by the Board of
Directors expressly determining that the consideration received or to be
received is adequate, Board approval of the issuance of the shares shall be
deemed to constitute such a determination. The determination of the Board of
Directors is conclusive insofar as the adequacy of consideration for the
issuance of shares relates to whether the shares are validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable. The corporation may place in escrow shares issued in whole or
in part for a contract for future services or benefits, a promissory note, or
other property to be issued in the future, or make other arrangements to
restrict the transfer of the shares,


                                       B-20
<PAGE>

and may credit distributions in respect of the shares against their purchase
price, until the services are performed, the benefits or property are received
or the promissory note is paid. If the services are not performed, the benefits
or property are not received or the promissory note is not paid, the corporation
may cancel, in whole or in part, the shares escrowed or restricted and the
distributions credited.

          6.08. Stock Regulation. The Board of Directors shall have the power
and authority to make all such further rules and regulations not inconsistent
with the statutes of the State of Wisconsin as it may deem expedient concerning
the issue, transfer and registration of certificates representing shares of the
corporation.

                                ARTICLE VII. SEAL

          7.01. The Board of Directors shall provide a corporate seal which
shall be circular in form and shall have inscribed thereon the name of the
corporation and the state of incorporation and the words, "Corporate Seal".

                          ARTICLE VIII. INDEMNIFICATION

          8.01. Certain Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Article
VIII and not otherwise hereinafter defined in this Section 8.01 shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 180.0850 of the Statute. The following capitalized
terms (including any plural forms thereof) used in this Article VIII shall be
defined as follows:

          (a) "Affiliate" shall include, without limitation, any corporation,
partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust or other enterprise
that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, the Corporation.

          (b) "Authority" shall mean the entity selected by the Director or
Officer to determine his or her right to indemnification pursuant to Section
8.04.

          (c) "Board" shall mean the entire then elected and serving Board of
Directors of the Corporation, including all members thereof who are Parties to
the subject Proceeding or any related Proceeding.

          (d) "Breach of Duty" shall mean the Director or Officer breached or
failed to perform his or her duties to the Corporation and his or her breach of
or failure to perform those duties is determined, in accordance with Section
8.04, to constitute misconduct under Section 180.0851 (2) (a) 1, 2, 3 or 4 of
the Statute.

          (e) "Corporation," as used herein and as defined in the Statute and
incorporated by reference into the definitions of certain other capitalized
terms used herein, shall mean this Corporation, including, without limitation,
any successor corporation or entity to this Corporation by way of merger,
consolidation or acquisition of all or substantially all of the capital stock or
assets of this Corporation.


                                       B-21
<PAGE>

          (f) "Director or Officer" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Statute; provided, that, for purposes of Article VIII, it shall be conclusively
presumed that any Director or Officer serving as a director, officer, partner,
trustee, member of any governing or decision-making committee, employee or agent
of an Affiliate shall be so serving at the request of the Corporation.

          (g) "Disinterested Quorum" shall mean a quorum of the Board who are
not Parties to the subject Proceeding or any related Proceeding.

          (h) "Party" shall have the meaning set forth in the Statute; provided,
that, for purposes of this Article VIII, the term "Party" shall also include any
Director or Officer or employee who is or was a witness in a Proceeding at a
time when he or she has not otherwise been formally named a Party thereto.

          (i) "Proceeding" shall have the meaning set forth in the Statute;
provided, that, for purposes of this Article VIII, the term "Proceeding" shall
also include all Proceedings (i) brought under (in whole or in part) the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, their respective state
counterparts, and/or any rule or regulation promulgated under any of the
foregoing; (ii) brought before an Authority or otherwise to enforce rights
hereunder; (iii) any appeal from a Proceeding; and (iv) any Proceeding in which
the Director or Officer is a plaintiff or petitioner because he or she is a
Director or Officer; provided, however, that such Proceeding is authorized by a
majority vote of a Disinterested Quorum.

          (j) "Statute" shall mean Sections 180.0850 through 180.0859,
inclusive, of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, Chapter 180 of the
Wisconsin Statutes, as the same shall then be in effect, including any
amendments thereto, but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent
such amendment permits or requires the Corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights than the Statute permitted or required the Corporation to
provide prior to such amendment.

          8.02. Mandatory Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted or
required by the Statute, the Corporation shall indemnify a Director or Officer
against all Liabilities incurred by or on behalf of such Director or Officer in
connection with a Proceeding in which the Director or Officer is a Party because
he or she is a Director or Officer.

          8.03. Procedural Requirements.

          (a) A Director or Officer who seeks indemnification under Section 8.02
shall make a written request therefor to the Corporation. Subject to Section
8.03(b), within 60 days of the Corporation's receipt of such request, the
Corporation shall pay or reimburse the Director or Officer for the entire amount
of Liabilities incurred by the Director or Officer in connection with the
subject Proceeding (net of any Expenses previously advanced pursuant to Section
8.05).

          (b) No indemnification shall be required to be paid by the Corporation
pursuant to Section 8.02 if, within such 60-day period, (i) a Disinterested
Quorum, by a majority vote thereof, determines that the Director or Officer
requesting indemnification engaged in misconduct constituting a Breach of Duty
or (ii) a Disinterested Quorum cannot be obtained.


                                       B-22
<PAGE>

          (c) In either case of nonpayment pursuant to Section 8.03(b), the
Board shall immediately authorize by resolution that an Authority, as provided
in Section 8.04, determine whether the Director's or Officer's conduct
constituted a Breach of Duty and, therefore, whether indemnification should be
denied hereunder.

          (d) (i) If the Board does not authorize an Authority to determine the
Director's or Officer's right to indemnification hereunder within such 60-day
period and/or (ii) if indemnification of the requested amount of Liabilities is
paid by the Corporation, then it shall be conclusively presumed for all purposes
that a Disinterested Quorum has determined that the Director or Officer did not
engage in misconduct constituting a Breach of Duty and, in the case of
subsection (i) above (but not subsection (ii)), indemnification by the
Corporation of the requested amount of Liabilities shall be paid to the Director
or Officer immediately.

          8.04. Determination of Indemnification.

          (a) If the Board authorizes an Authority to determine a Director's or
Officer's right to indemnification pursuant to Section 8.03, then the Director
or Officer requesting indemnification shall have the absolute discretionary
authority to select one of the following as such Authority:

          (i) An independent legal counsel; provided, that such counsel shall be
     mutually selected by such Director or Officer and by a majority vote of a
     Disinterested Quorum or, if a Disinterested Quorum cannot be obtained, then
     by a majority vote of the Board;

          (ii) A panel of three arbitrators selected from the panels of
     arbitrators of the American Arbitration Association in Milwaukee,
     Wisconsin; provided, that (A) one arbitrator shall be selected by such
     Director or Officer, the second arbitrator shall be selected by a majority
     vote of a Disinterested Quorum or, if a Disinterested Quorum cannot be
     obtained, then by a majority vote of the Board, and the third arbitrator
     shall be selected by the two previously selected arbitrators, and (B) in
     all other respects, such panel shall be governed by the American
     Arbitration Association's then existing Commercial Arbitration Rules; or

          (iii) A court pursuant to and in accordance with Section 180.0854 of
     the Statute.

          (b) In any such determination by the selected Authority there shall
exist a rebuttable presumption that the Director's or Officer's conduct did not
constitute a Breach of Duty and that indemnification against the requested
amount of Liabilities is required. The burden of rebutting such a presumption by
clear and convincing evidence shall be on the Corporation or such other party
asserting that such indemnification should not be allowed.


                                       B-23
<PAGE>

          (c) The Authority shall make its determination within 60 days of being
selected and shall submit a written opinion of its conclusion simultaneously to
both the Corporation and the Director or Officer.

          (d) If the Authority determines that indemnification is required
hereunder, the Corporation shall pay the entire requested amount of Liabilities
(net of any Expenses previously advanced pursuant to Section 8.05), including
interest thereon at a reasonable rate, as determined by the Authority, within 10
days of receipt of the Authority's opinion; provided, that, if it is determined
by the Authority that a Director or Officer is entitled to indemnification as to
some claims, issues or matters, but not as to other claims, issues or matters,
involved in the subject Proceeding, the Corporation shall be required to pay (as
set forth above) only the amount of such requested Liabilities as the Authority
shall deem appropriate in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding.

          (e) The determination by the Authority that indemnification is
required hereunder shall be binding upon the Corporation regardless of any prior
determination that the Director or Officer engaged in a Breach of Duty.

          (f) All Expenses incurred in the determination process under this
Section 8.04 by either the Corporation or the Director or Officer, including,
without limitation, all Expenses of the selected Authority, shall be paid by the
Corporation.

          8.05. Mandatory Allowance of Expenses.

          (a) The Corporation shall pay or reimburse, within 10 days after the
receipt of the Director's or Officer's written request therefor, the reasonable
Expenses of the Director or Officer as such Expenses are incurred; provided, the
following conditions are satisfied:

          (i) The Director or Officer furnishes to the Corporation an executed
     written certificate affirming his or her good faith belief that he or she
     has not engaged in misconduct which constitutes a Breach of Duty; and

          (ii) The Director or Officer furnishes to the Corporation an unsecured
     executed written agreement to repay any advances made under this Section
     8.05 if it is ultimately determined by an Authority that he or she is not
     entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation for such Expenses pursuant to
     this Section 8.04.

          (b) If the Director or Officer must repay any previously advanced
Expenses pursuant to this Section 8.05, such Director or Officer shall not be
required to pay interest on such amounts.

          8.06. Indemnification and Allowance of Expenses of Certain Others.

          (a) The Corporation shall indemnify a director or officer of an
Affiliate (who is not otherwise serving as a Director or Officer) against all
Liabilities, and shall advance the reasonable Expenses, incurred by such
director or officer in a Proceeding to the same extent hereunder as if such


                                       B-24
<PAGE>

director or officer incurred such Liabilities because he or she was a Director
or Officer, if such director or officer is a Party thereto because he or she is
or was a director or officer of the Affiliate.

          (b) The Corporation shall indemnify an employee who is not a Director
or Officer, to the extent that he or she has been successful on the merits or
otherwise in defense of a Proceeding, for all reasonable Expenses incurred in
the Proceeding if the employee was a Party because he or she was an employee of
the Corporation.

          (c) The Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion as it deems
appropriate, pursuant to a majority vote thereof, indemnify (to the extent not
otherwise provided in Section 8.06(b) hereof) against Liabilities incurred by,
and/or provide for the allowance of reasonable Expenses of, an employee or
authorized agent of the Corporation acting within the scope of his or her duties
as such and who is not otherwise a Director or Officer.

          8.07. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of a Director or Officer or any individual who is or was an employee
or authorized agent of the Corporation against any Liability asserted against or
incurred by such individual in his or her capacity as such or arising from his
or her status as such, regardless of whether the Corporation is required or
permitted to indemnify against any such Liability under this Article VIII.

          8.08. Notice to the Corporation. A Director, Officer or employee shall
promptly notify the Corporation in writing when he or she has actual knowledge
of a Proceeding which may result in a claim of indemnification against
Liabilities or allowance of Expenses hereunder, but the failure to do so shall
not relieve the Corporation of any liability to the Director, Officer or
employee hereunder unless the Corporation shall have been irreparably prejudiced
by such failure (as determined, in the case of Directors or Officers only, by an
Authority selected pursuant to Section 8.04(a)).

          8.09. Severability. If any provision of this Article VIII shall be
deemed invalid or inoperative, or if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that any of the provisions of this Article VIII contravene public
policy, this Article VIII shall be construed so that the remaining provisions
shall not be affected, but shall remain in full force and effect, and any such
provisions which are invalid or inoperative or which contravene public policy
shall be deemed, without further action or deed by or on behalf of the
Corporation, to be modified, amended and/or limited, but only to the extent
necessary to render the same valid and enforceable.

          8.10. Nonexclusivity of Article VIII. The rights of a Director,
Officer or employee (or any other person) granted under this Article VIII shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to indemnification against
Liabilities or advancement of Expenses which the Director, Officer or employee
(or such other person) may be entitled to under any written agreement, Board
resolution, vote of shareholders of the Corporation or otherwise, including,
without limitation, under the Statute. Nothing contained in this Article VIII
shall be deemed to limit the Corporation's obligations to indemnify against
Liabilities or advance Expenses to a Director, Officer or employee under the
Statute.

          8.11. Contractual Nature of Article VIII; Repeal or Limitation of
Rights. This Article VIII shall be deemed to be a contract between the
Corporation and each Director, Officer and


                                       B-25
<PAGE>

employee of the Corporation and any repeal or other limitation of this Article
VIII or any repeal or limitation of the Statute or any other applicable law
shall not limit any rights of indemnification against Liabilities or allowance
of Expenses then existing or arising out of events, acts or omissions occurring
prior to such repeal or limitation, including, without limitation, the right to
indemnification against Liabilities or allowance of Expenses for Proceedings
commenced after such repeal or limitation to enforce this Article VIII with
regard to acts, omissions or events arising prior to such repeal or limitation.

                             ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS

          9.01. By Shareholders. These by-laws may be altered, amended or
repealed and new by-laws may be adopted by the shareholders at any Annual
Meeting or Special Meeting at which a quorum is in attendance.

          9.02. By Directors. These by-laws may also be altered, amended or
repealed and new by-laws may be adopted by the Board of Directors by affirmative
vote of a majority of the number of directors present at any meeting at which a
quorum is in attendance; provided, however, that the shareholders in adopting,
amending or repealing a particular by-law may provide therein that the Board of
Directors may not amend, repeal or readopt that by-law.

          9.03. Implied Amendments. Any action taken or authorized by the
shareholders or by the Board of Directors, which would be inconsistent with the
by-laws then in effect but is taken or authorized by affirmative vote of not
less than the number of shares or the number of directors required to amend the
by-laws so that the by-laws would be consistent with such action, shall be given
the same effect as though the by-laws had been temporarily amended or suspended
so far, but only so far, as is necessary to permit the specific action so taken
or authorized.

                            ARTICLE X. INTERPRETATION

          10.01. Interpretation. Unless the context requires otherwise, all
words used in these by-laws in the singular number extend to and include the
plural, all words in the plural number extend to and include the singular, and
all words in any gender extend to and include all genders.


                                      B-26


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(W)
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pdm288d.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
<TEXT>

                                BANTA CORPORATION

                              ECONOMIC PROFIT (EP)

                           INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN

               (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2002)

                                   ARTICLE I

                              Statement of Purpose

1.1    The purpose of the Banta Corporation (the "Company") Economic Profit
       ("EP") Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Plan") is to provide an
       incentive compensation system which promotes and rewards the maximization
       of shareholder value over the long term. The Plan is designed to create a
       focus for all participants to achieve the key financial and strategic
       objectives which drive shareholder value creation. The Plan aims to
       provide a fair and meaningful reward for achieving or surpassing
       shareholder value creation goals by directly linking incentive
       compensation to EP and, thereby, reward management for creating value.

1.2    There are three different performance measures of value creation, EPS,
       OE, and EP. EPS is the fully diluted earnings per average share of common
       stock of the Company for the applicable year. OE is used for Participants
       affiliated with a specific business unit and is the operating earnings of
       such unit. EP is the performance measure of value creation. EP reflects
       the benefits and costs of capital employment. Managers create value when
       they employ capital in an endeavor that generates a return that exceeds
       the cost of the capital employed. By imputing the cost of capital upon
       the operating profits generated by the Company or other designated
       operating unit, EP measures the total value created by management.

             EP = (Net Operating Profit After Tax - Capital Charge)

1.3    Each Plan Participant has a prescribed Target Bonus which is composed of
       several components. For Participants who are not affiliated with a
       specific business unit, there are three Target Bonus components: (i) a
       component based on the Company's EP results, (ii) a component based on
       the Company's EPS results, and (iii) if added by the Committee for the
       Participant, a discretionary component based on such other criteria as
       the Committee may adopt. For Participants affiliated with a specific
       business unit, there are five Target Bonus components: (i) a component
       based on the Company's EP results, (ii) a component based on the
       Company's EPS results, (iii) a component based on the EP results of the
       particular unit with which the Participant is affiliated, (iv) a
       component based on the OE results of the particular unit with which the
       Participant is affiliated, and (v) if added by the Committee for the
       Participant, a discretionary component based on


                                       1
<PAGE>

       such other criteria as the Committee may adopt. Bonuses that fall within
       a prespecified range will be fully paid out. Bonuses falling outside this
       range are banked in the Participant's Bonus Bank for possible payout in
       future years.

1.4    The Plan will be administered on a fiscal year basis under the direction
       and control of the Compensation Committee of the Banta Corporation Board
       of Directors (the "Committee"). At a meeting of the Committee during the
       first quarter of each year the Committee will review and approve the list
       of Plan Participants for such year along with their respective Target
       Bonus Percentages and respective splits between Target Corporate EP Bonus
       and Target Unit EP Bonus. In addition, the Committee will annually review
       and approve the Cost of Capital and the applicable targets and factors
       for EP, EPS and OE.

                                   ARTICLE II

                    Definition of EP and the Components of EP

2.1    "Capital" means the net investment employed in the operations of the
       Value Center. The components of Capital are as follows:

                     Shareholders Equity
          Plus:      Advances from (to) Corporate
          Plus:      Collected cash overdrafts (balances)
          Plus:      Long-term debt (including current portion) and short-term
                     debt
          Plus:      Deferred taxes (net of future tax benefit)
          Plus:      Accrued (prepaid) income taxes
          Plus:      LIFO Reserve
          Plus:      Goodwill and non-competes recorded on Corporate books
                     (applies to Unit calculations only)
          Plus:      Cumulative goodwill and non-compete amortization
          Plus:      Acquisition earnouts paid
          Plus:      Capitalized leases
          Plus:      Non-cash accruals
          Plus:      Negative EP on acquisitions and/or major R&D projects
                     approved by the Chief Executive Officer
          Plus/Less: Other capital items as determined by management and
                     approved by the Committee
          Less:      Non-operating Cash
          ----       ------------------
          Equals:    Capital

Each component of Capital will be measured by computing an average balance based
on the ending period balance for each period the Value Center closes their books
within the year.

                                       2
<PAGE>

2.2    "Cost of Capital" will be estimated at the beginning of each year based
       on the weighted average of the after-tax cost of debt and equity for the
       year in question for the entire Company. Calculations will be carried to
       one decimal point.

2.3    "Capital Charge" means the deemed opportunity cost of employing Capital
       in the Value Center. The Capital Charge is computed as follows:

                  Capital Charge = Capital x Cost of Capital

2.4    "Net Operating Profit After Tax" or "NOPAT"

       "NOPAT" means the after-tax earnings attributable to the capital employed
       in the Value Center for the year in question. The components of NOPAT are
       as follows:

                     Operating Earnings Before Income Taxes
          Plus:      Miscellaneous income (excluding interest income)
          Plus:      Current LIFO expense
          Plus:      Change in non-cash accruals
          Plus:      Capitalized lease adjustment
          Plus:      Non-compete amortization
          Plus:      Goodwill amortization
          Plus:      Acquisition earnouts expensed
          Plus:      R&D expense
          Plus:      R&D amortization
          Plus/Less: Other items as determined by management and approved by
                     the Committee
          Less:      Income Taxes
          ----       ------------
          Equals:    Net Operating Profit After Tax

       Gains and losses on the sale of assets, gains and losses on the
       disposition of businesses and/or business segments, restructuring charges
       and other large non-recurring gains and losses will be excluded from
       NOPAT unless the Committee determines that a specific item should be
       included.

2.5    "Economic Profit" or "EP" means the NOPAT that remains after subtracting
       the Capital Charge, expressed as follows:

                  NOPAT
          Less:   Capital Charge
          ----    --------------
          Equals: EP

       EP may be positive or negative.


                                       3
<PAGE>

2.6    "Value Center" means any unit of operations of the Company, including the
       Company as a whole, as determined by management and approved by the
       Committee for the purpose of this Plan.

2.7    Operations acquired will be excluded from the EP computations for the
       first 12 months after acquisition, unless the Committee approves earlier,
       or later, inclusion based on the facts related to a specific acquisition.

                                  ARTICLE III

                   Definition and Computation of Target Bonus

3.1    "Actual EP" means the EP as calculated for the Value Center for the year
       in question.

3.2    "Target EP" means the level of EP that is expected in order for a
       Participant of the Value Center to receive one hundred percent (100%) of
       the Target Bonus attributable to the EP component calculated for that
       Value Center as determined for the year by the Committee.

3.3    "Target Bonus" means the "Target Bonus Percentage" times a Participant's
       Base Pay actually paid for the year (see article VII for calculations
       related to a change in a Participant's employment status).

3.4    "Target Bonus Percentage" is determined annually for each Participant by
       his/her salary grade.

3.5    "Base Pay" means the Participant's base rate of salary excluding bonuses
       and other benefits or forms of compensation.

3.6    "Actual EPS Bonus" means the bonus earned by a Participant based on EPS
       results for the applicable year and the schedule of positive and negative
       percentages of the Target Bonus attributable to the EPS results as
       determined by the Committee.

3.7    "Actual OE Bonus" means the bonus earned by a Participant affiliated with
       a specific business unit based on OE results for the Value Center for the
       applicable year and the schedule of positive and negative percentages of
       the Target Bonus attributable to the OE results as determined by the
       Committee.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                   Definition and Computation of Actual Bonus

4.1    Each Participant shall have his/her Target Bonus subdivided into
       component targets. Participants who are not affiliated with a specific
       business unit will have at least two


                                       4
<PAGE>

       component targets (i.e., the Target Corporate EP Bonus and a target based
       on EPS) and possibly a third target based on individual criteria
       determined by the Committee. Participants affiliated with a specific
       business unit will have at least four component targets (i.e., the Target
       Corporate EP Bonus, the Target Unit EP Bonus, and targets based on EPS
       and OE) and possibly a fifth target based on individual criteria provided
       by the Committee. Unless otherwise specifically provided by the
       Committee, (i) for a Participant who is not affiliated with a specific
       business unit, the Target Bonus will be split fifty-fifty between the two
       basic components and (ii) for a Participant who is affiliated with a
       specific business unit, the Target Bonus will be split twelve and
       one-half percent (12.5%) for each of the Target Corporate EP Bonus and
       the EPS target and thirty-seven and one-half percent (37.5%) for each of
       the Target Unit EP Bonus and the OE target.

4.2    "Target Corporate EP Bonus" means the percentage of the Target Bonus
       which is based on total Company EP results.

4.3    "Target Unit EP Bonus" means the percentage of the Target Bonus which is
       based on the EP results of the unit with which a Participant is
       affiliated.

4.4    The split between Target Corporate EP Bonus and Target Unit EP Bonus is
       determined annually for each Participant.

4.5    "Actual Corporate EP Bonus" means the bonus earned by a Participant based
       on total Company EP results and is calculated by multiplying the Target
       Corporate EP Bonus by a percentage which is determined as follows:

                         [Actual EP - Target EP] + 1
                         -----------------------
                         [Bonus Table Generator]

4.6    "Actual Unit EP Bonus" means the bonus earned by a Participant based on
       the EP results of the unit with which the Participant is affiliated and
       is calculated by multiplying the Target Unit EP Bonus by a percentage,
       with such percentage also determined as in Section 4.5.

4.7    "Bonus Table Generator" is the annually determined negative (positive)
       deviation from Target EP necessary before a zero (two times Target) bonus
       is earned.

4.8    "Combined Bonus" is the sum of the Actual Corporate EP Bonus, Actual Unit
       EP Bonus, Actual EPS Bonus, Actual OE Bonus, and the bonus applicable to
       any discretionary criteria applied by the Committee, as applicable for
       the Participant. The Combined Bonus will be capped at three hundred
       percent (300%) of Target Bonus for each Participant such that any amounts
       above three hundred percent (300%) of a Participant's Target Bonus will
       be ignored for any calculation and other purpose of this Plan. The
       minimum Combined Bonus for each Participant will be zero such than any
       negative amount will be ignored for any calculation and other purpose of
       this Plan.


                                       5
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE V

                           Description of Bonus Banks

5.1    Establishment of a Bonus Bank. To encourage a long-term commitment by
       Participants to the Company, all exceptional Combined Bonus amounts shall
       be credited to "at risk" accounts (Bonus Banks), with the level of future
       payout contingent on continued employment as provided herein.

5.2    "Bonus Bank" means, with respect to each Participant, a bookkeeping
       record of an account to which amounts are credited from time to time
       under the Plan and from which bonus payments to such Participants are
       debited.

5.3    "Bank Balance" means, with respect to each Participant, a bookkeeping
       record of the net balance of the amounts credited to such Participant's
       Bonus Bank. A Participant's Bank Balance shall initially be equal to
       zero.

5.4    Payout Rules:

       (A)    If there is no balance in the Bonus Bank carried over from the
              prior year:
              (1)    Pay out the Combined Bonus up to 200% of Target Bonus.
              (2)    Add any portion of the Combined Bonus over 200% of Target
                     Bonus to the Bonus Bank. The banked amount will be paid out
                     in three equal installments beginning with a payment at the
                     time that bonuses would be paid for the subsequent year.
              (3)    Carry forward any Bonus Bank amounts.

       (B)    If there is a Bonus Bank balance carried over from the prior year:
              (1)    Pay out the Combined Bonus up to 200% of Target Bonus.
              (2)    Add any portion of the Combined Bonus over 200% of Target
                     Bonus to the Bonus Bank. The newly banked amount will be
                     paid out in three equal installments beginning with a
                     payment at the time that bonuses would be paid for the
                     subsequent year.
              (3)    Pay out any scheduled installments from prior years
                     applicable to the current year.
              (4)    Carry forward any Bonus Bank balances.

5.5    Payment of Awards. All amounts payable to Participants shall be paid in
       cash within 30 days following approval of the calculations by the
       Committee.

                                       6
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                Deferred Payment

6.1    Deferrals. A Participant may elect in advance to defer payment of all or
       any portion of the payments he/she would otherwise receive pursuant to
       Sections 5.4 and 5.5. No bonus amount otherwise payable in a year shall
       be deferred for any year unless the Company shall have received a written
       notice from the Participant not later than December 31 of the second
       preceding year specifying the portion of the award which is to be
       deferred. By way of example, an election to defer any 1998 awards (which
       would otherwise be paid in early 1999) must be received by December 31,
       1997. Any such deferral election shall be irrevocable.

6.2    Deferral Accounts. All amounts so deferred will be credited, as of the
       dates otherwise payable, to an account created on the Company's books for
       the Participant. Amounts standing to a Participant's credit in the
       account shall be paid to the Participant or his designated beneficiary or
       estate: (1) over a period of not more than fifteen years following
       termination of the Participant's employment by reason of death,
       disability or normal or early retirement as permitted by the Company's
       Retirement Plan; and (2) over a period of not more than three years
       following termination of a Participant's employment for any other reason,
       in either case at such times and in such installments as shall be
       determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.

6.3    Interest. Until such time as all amounts in the account are paid in full,
       a credit in lieu of interest shall be made to the account on December 31
       of each year (or on the date of the final installment payment from the
       account, as the case may be) in an amount equal to interest on the
       balance from time to time outstanding in the account during the year at a
       rate equal to the average prime rate of interest less one percentage
       point. For purposes of this section the "average prime rate of interest"
       in effect during the applicable period shall be computed by multiplying
       each prime rate of interest in effect at the Firstar Bank of Milwaukee
       during such period by the number of days each such rate was so in effect,
       and by dividing the total number so obtained by the total number of days
       in such period.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                 Plan Participation, Transfers and Terminations

7.1    Participant. "Participant" shall mean an employee employed on a regular
       full-time or part-time basis by the Company and who has been recommended
       by the Chief Executive Officer to be eligible to participate in the Plan
       and approved by the Committee. In order to be eligible for a Combined
       Bonus for a year, the Participant must be designated as such pursuant to
       Section 1.4. A person shall remain a Participant for other purposes of
       the Plan as long as he/she has a Bonus Bank balance or a deferred
       balance.

                                       7
<PAGE>

7.2    New Participants. The percentage (%) of award to which a Participant is
       entitled in the first year of his/her participation in the Plan is
       prorated at a rate of 1/12 for each complete month from the date of
       participation.

7.3    Changing Position Level/Promotions. The Target Bonus of a Participant who
       has changed position level or has been promoted during a given year and
       such position change or promotion necessitates a change in the
       Participant's Target Bonus Percentage will be prorated at a rate of 1/12
       for each complete month commencing with the event generating the change
       and based on his/her Base Pay in each position. Plan Participants who
       transfer between business units during a year will have their Target
       Bonuses and unit participation reviewed and approved by the Committee
       based on the specific circumstances of each situation.

7.4    Retirement, Disability, Involuntary Termination Without Cause or Death. A
       Participant who retires under the terms of the Company's Retirement Plan,
       or suffers a "disability", as such term is defined in the Company's
       long-term disability benefits program and is not reasonably expected by
       management to return to work, or is involuntarily terminated without
       cause or who dies shall be eligible to receive the balance of his/her
       Bonus Bank as of the end of the year pursuant to Section 5.5 after taking
       into account the actual bonus value for the said year. The actual bonus
       value for the said year shall be equal to zero dollars ($0) if the
       Participant has not completed six full months of employment with the
       Company during the year. Otherwise, the percentage of award for the said
       year to which a Participant is entitled shall be prorated at a rate of
       1/12 for each complete month of employment during the year.

7.5    Voluntary Termination. In the event that a Participant voluntarily
       terminates employment with the Company on or before the end of the
       applicable fiscal year, the right of the Participant to his/her Bank
       Balance and/or any potential current year payout shall be forfeited.

7.6    Termination for Cause. "Cause" shall mean:

       (1)    misappropriation by the Participant of funds of the Company or any
              of its subsidiaries;
       (2)    the Participant personally and secretly obtaining profits from
              dealings with the Company or any of its subsidiaries;
       (3)    the Participant's unreasonable neglect of, or refusal to perform,
              his/her duties or responsibilities; and
       (4)    conviction of a serious crime involving moral turpitude.

7.7    Payment and Breach of Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of
       the Plan or any other agreement, in the event that a Participant shall
       breach any noncompetition agreement with the Company or breach any
       agreement with respect to the postemployment conduct of such Participant,
       any remaining payment otherwise due to the Participant hereunder shall be
       forfeited.

                                       8
<PAGE>

7.8    No Guarantee. Selection as a Participant is no guarantee that benefits
       under the Plan will be earned or that selection as a Participant will be
       made in any subsequent year.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                               General Provisions

8.1    Withholding of Taxes. The Company shall have the right to withhold the
       amount of taxes, which in the determination of the Company, are required
       to be withheld under law with respect to any amount due or paid under the
       Plan.

8.2    Expenses. All expenses and costs in connection with the adoption and
       administration of the Plan shall be borne by the Company.

8.3    No Prior Right or Offer. Except and until expressly granted pursuant to
       the Plan, nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any employee any
       contractual or other right to participate in the benefits of the Plan.

8.4    Rights Personal to Participant. Any rights provided to a Participant
       under the Plan shall be personal to such Participant, shall not be
       transferable (except by will or pursuant to the laws of descent or
       distribution), and shall be exercisable, during his/her lifetime, only by
       such Participant.

8.5    Distribution of Bank Balances Upon Termination of the Plan. Upon
       termination of the Plan, the Bank Balance of each Participant shall be
       distributed as soon as practicable but in no event later than 90 days
       from such event.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   Limitation

9.1    No Continued Employment. Nothing contained herein shall provide any
       Participant with any right to continued employment or in any way abridge
       the rights of the Company to determine the terms and conditions of
       employment and whether to terminate employment of any Participant

9.2    No Vested Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein, no Participant or
       other person shall have any claim of right (legal, equitable, or
       otherwise) to any award, allocation, or distribution or any right, title,
       or vested interest in any amounts in his/her Bonus Bank and no officer or
       employee of the Company or any other person shall have any authority to
       make representations or agreements to the contrary. No interest conferred
       herein to a Participant shall be assignable or subject to claim by a
       Participant's creditors. The right of the Participant to receive a
       distribution hereunder shall be an unsecured claim against


                                       9
<PAGE>

       the general assets of the Company, and the Participant shall have no
       rights in or against any specific assets of the Company as the result of
       participation hereunder.

9.3    Not Part of Other Benefits. The benefits provided in this Plan shall not
       be deemed a part of any other benefit provided by the Company to its
       employees. The Company assumes no obligation to Participants except as
       specified herein. This is a complete statement, along with the Exhibits
       attached hereto, of the terms and conditions of the Plan.

9.4    Other Plans. Nothing contained herein shall limit the Company or the
       Committee's power to grant bonuses to employees of the Company, whether
       or not Participants in this Plan.

9.5    Limitations. Neither the establishment of the Plan nor the grant of an
       award hereunder shall be deemed to constitute an express or implied
       contract of employment for any period of time or in any way abridge the
       rights of the Company to determine the terms and conditions of employment
       or to terminate the employment of any Participant with or without cause
       at any time.

9.6    Unfunded Plan. This Plan is unfunded. Nothing herein shall create or be
       construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship
       between the Company and any Participant.

                                   ARTICLE X

                                    Authority

10.1   Committee Authority. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, full
       power and authority to interpret and administer this Plan shall be vested
       in the Committee. The Committee may from time to time make such decisions
       and adopt such rules and regulations for implementing the Plan as it
       deems appropriate for any Participant under the Plan. Any decision taken
       by the Committee arising out of or in connection with the construction,
       administration, interpretation and effect of the Plan shall be final,
       conclusive and binding upon all participants and any person claiming
       under or through them.

10.2   Board of Directors Authority. The Board shall be ultimately responsible
       for administration of the Plan. The Board or the Committee, as
       appropriate, shall work with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
       in all aspects of the administration of the Plan.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                     Notice

11.1   Any notice to be given pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be in
       writing and directed to the appropriate recipient thereof at his/her
       business address or office location.

                                  ARTICLE XII

                                 Effective Date

12.1   This Plan was originally effective as of January 1, 1998. The effective
       date of this restatement is January 1, 2002.

12.2   The Plan is intended to remain in force indefinitely beginning on the
       first day of each fiscal year after the effective date hereof, unless the
       Board of Directors, in its discretion, terminates it by resolution and
       notifies the Participants.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

                                   Amendments

13.1   Amendment. This Plan may be amended or terminated at any time at the sole
       discretion of the Board upon the recommendation of the Committee. The
       annual activities of the Committee pursuant to the Plan are not Plan
       amendments, including but not limited to the determinations pursuant to
       Section 1.4.

13.2   Protected Benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the last day of
       an applicable fiscal year, the Plan may not be amended or the
       Participants revised such that the Participant receives less than the
       amount payable by the Plan nor may an amendment reduce or eliminate any
       previously banked amount under Article V prior to such amendment or
       revision.

13.3   Notice. Notice of any amendment or termination shall be given promptly to
       each Participant.

                                  ARTICLE XIV

                                 Applicable Law

14.1   This Plan shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the
       laws of the State of Wisconsin to the extent not preempted by Federal
       law.


                                       11


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(X)
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pdm288e.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LONG-TERM INCENTIVE
<TEXT>

                                BANTA CORPORATION

                              ECONOMIC PROFIT (EP)

                      LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN

               (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2002)

                                   ARTICLE I

                              Statement of Purpose

1.1    The purpose of the Banta Corporation (the "Company") Economic Profit
       ("EP") Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Plan") is to provide
       an incentive compensation system which promotes and rewards the
       maximization of shareholder value over the long term. The Plan is
       designed to create a focus for all participants to achieve the key
       financial and strategic objectives which drive shareholder value
       creation. The Plan aims to provide a fair and meaningful reward for
       achieving or surpassing shareholder value creation goals by directly
       linking incentive compensation to EP and, thereby, reward management for
       creating value.

1.2    There are two different performance measures of value creation, EPS and
       EP. EPS is the fully diluted earnings per average share of common stock
       of the Company for the applicable year. EP is the performance measure of
       value creation. EP reflects the benefits and costs of capital employment.
       Managers create value when they employ capital in an endeavor that
       generates a return that exceeds the cost of the capital employed. By
       imputing the cost of capital upon the operating profits generated by the
       Company, EP measures the total value created by management.

             EP = (Net Operating Profit After Tax - Capital Charge)

1.3    Each Plan Participant has a prescribed Target Bonus which is composed of
       two components, an amount based on the Company's EP results and an amount
       based on the Company's EPS results. Each bonus will be paid out one-third
       annually over a three year period subject to the payout rules contained
       in Section 5.4.

1.4    The Plan will be administered on a fiscal year basis under the direction
       and control of the Compensation Committee of the Banta Corporation Board
       of Directors (the "Committee"). At a meeting of the Committee during the
       first quarter of each year the Committee will review and approve the list
       of Plan Participants for such year, along with the Company's Cost of
       Capital and the applicable targets and factors for EP and EPS.

                                       1
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                    Definition of EP and the Components of EP
                    -----------------------------------------

2.1    "Capital" means the net investment employed in the operations of the
       Company. The components of Capital are as follows:

                     Shareholders Equity
          Plus:      Advances from (to) Corporate
          Plus:      Collected cash overdrafts (balances)
          Plus:      Long-term debt (including current portion) and
                     short-term debt
          Plus:      Deferred taxes (net of future tax benefit)
          Plus:      Accrued (prepaid) income taxes
          Plus:      LIFO Reserve
          Plus:      Cumulative goodwill and non-compete amortization
          Plus:      Acquisition earnouts paid
          Plus:      Capitalized leases
          Plus:      Non-cash accruals
          Plus:      Negative EP on acquisitions and/or major R&D projects
                     approved by the Chief Executive Officer
          Plus/Less: Other capital items as determined by management and
                     approved by the Committee
          Less:      Non-operating Cash
          ----       ------------------
          Equals:    Capital

       Each component of Capital will be measured by computing an average
       balance based on the ending period balance for each period the Company
       closes its books within the year.

2.2    "Cost of Capital" will be estimated at the beginning of each year based
       on the weighted average of the after-tax cost of debt and equity for the
       year in question for the entire Company. Calculations will be carried to
       one decimal point.

2.3    "Capital Charge" means the deemed opportunity cost of employing Capital
       in the Company. The Capital Charge is computed as follows:

                  Capital Charge = Capital x Cost of Capital

2.4    "Net Operating Profit After Tax" or "NOPAT"


                                       2
<PAGE>

       "NOPAT" means the after-tax earnings attributable to the capital employed
       in the Company for the year in question. The components of NOPAT are as
       follows:

                     Operating Earnings Before Income Taxes
          Plus:      Miscellaneous income (excluding interest income)
          Plus:      Current LIFO expense
          Plus:      Change in non-cash accruals
          Plus:      Capitalized lease adjustment
          Plus:      Non-compete amortization
          Plus:      Goodwill amortization
          Plus:      Acquisition earnouts expensed
          Plus:      R&D expense
          Plus:      R&D amortization
          Plus/Less: Other items as determined by management and approved by
                     the Committee
          Less:      Income Taxes
          ----       ------------
          Equals:    Net Operating Profit After Tax

       Gains and losses on the sale of assets, gains and losses on the
       disposition of businesses and/or business segments, restructuring charges
       and other large non-recurring gains and losses will be excluded from
       NOPAT unless the Committee determines that a specific item should be
       included.

2.5    "Economic Profit" or "EP" means the NOPAT that remains after subtracting
       the Capital Charge, expressed as follows:

                     NOPAT
          Less:      Capital Charge
          ----       --------------
          Equals:    EP

       EP may be positive or negative.

2.6    Operations acquired will be excluded from the EP computations for the
       first 12 months after acquisition, unless the Committee approves earlier,
       or later, inclusion based on the facts related to a specific acquisition.

                                  ARTICLE III

                   Definition and Computation of Target Bonus
                   ------------------------------------------

3.1    "Actual EP" means the EP as calculated for the Company for the year in
       question.

3.2    "Target EP" means the level of EP that is expected in order for a
       Participant of the Company to receive one hundred percent (100%) of the
       Target Bonus attributable to the EP component as determined for the year
       by the Committee.

                                       3
<PAGE>

3.3    "Target Bonus" means the "Target Bonus Percentage" times a Participant's
       Base Pay actually paid for the year (see article VII for calculations
       related to a change in a Participant's employment status).

3.4    "Target Bonus Percentage" is 25% for each Participant.

3.5    "Base Pay" means the Participant's base rate of salary excluding bonuses
       and other benefits or forms of compensation.

3.6    "Actual EPS Bonus" means the bonus earned by a Participant based on EPS
       results for the applicable year and the schedule of positive and negative
       percentages of the Target Bonus attributable to the EPS results as
       determined by the Committee.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                   Definition and Computation of Actual Bonus
                   ------------------------------------------

4.1    Each Participant shall have his/her Target Bonus subdivided into two
       component targets, a target based on total Company EP results and a
       target based on EPS. Unless otherwise specifically provided by the
       Committee, the Target Bonus will be split fifty-fifty between the two
       components.

4.2    "Actual EP Bonus" means the bonus earned by a Participant based on total
       Company EP results and is calculated by multiplying the Target Bonus by a
       percentage which is determined as follows:

                         [Actual EP - Target EP] + 1
                         -----------------------
                         [Bonus Table Generator]

4.3    "Bonus Table Generator" is the negative (positive) deviation from Target
       EP necessary before a zero (two times Target) bonus is earned, annually
       determined by the Committee.

4.4    "Combined Bonus" is the sum of the Actual EP Bonus and Actual EPS Bonus.
       The Combined Bonus will be capped at three hundred percent (300%) of
       Target Bonus for each Participant such that any amounts above three
       hundred percent (300%) of a Participant's Target Bonus will be ignored
       for any calculation and other purpose of this Plan. The minimum Combined
       Bonus for each Participant will be zero such that any negative amount
       will be ignored for any calculation and other purpose of this Plan.

                                   ARTICLE V

                           Description of Bonus Banks
                           --------------------------

5.1    Establishment of a Bonus Bank. To encourage a long-term commitment by
       Participants to the Company, all Combined Bonus amounts shall be credited
       to "at risk" accounts


                                       4
<PAGE>

       (Bonus Banks), with the level of future payout contingent on continued
       employment as provided herein.

5.2    "Bonus Bank" means, with respect to each Participant, a bookkeeping
       record of an account to which amounts are credited from time to time
       under the Plan and from which bonus payments to such Participants are
       debited.

5.3    "Bank Balance" means, with respect to each Participant, a bookkeeping
       record of the net balance of the amounts credited to such Participant's
       Bonus Bank. A Participant's Bank Balance shall initially be equal to
       zero.

5.4    Payout Rules:

       (A)    If there is no balance in the Bonus Bank carried over from the
              prior year:
              (1)    Pay out 1/3 of the Combined Bonus, if any.
              (2)    Add the remaining Combined Bonus to the Bonus Bank. The
                     banked amount will be paid out in two equal installments
                     beginning with a payment at the time that bonuses would be
                     paid for the subsequent year.
              (3)    Carry forward any Bonus Bank amounts.

       (B)    If there is a Bonus Bank balance carried over from the prior year:
              (1)    Pay out 1/3 of the Combined Bonus earned for the current
                     year, if any.
              (2)    Add the remaining Combined Bonus to the Bonus Bank. The
                     banked amount will be paid out in two equal installments
                     beginning with a payment at the time that bonuses would be
                     paid for the subsequent year
              (3)    Pay out any scheduled installments from prior years
                     applicable to the current year.
              (4)    Carry forward any Bonus Bank balances.

5.5    Payment of Awards. All amounts payable to Participants shall be paid in
       cash within 30 days following approval of the calculations by the
       Committee.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                Deferred Payment

6.1    Deferrals. A Participant may elect in advance to defer payment of all or
       any portion of the payments he/she would otherwise receive pursuant to
       Sections 5.4 and 5.5. No bonus amount otherwise payable in a year shall
       be deferred for any year unless the Company shall have received a written
       notice from the Participant not later than December 31 of the second
       preceding year specifying the portion of the award which is to be
       deferred. By way of example, an election to defer any 1998 awards (which
       would otherwise be paid in early 1999) must be received by December
       31,1997. Any such deferral election shall be irrevocable.

                                       5
<PAGE>

6.2    Deferral Accounts. All amounts so deferred will be credited, as of the
       dates otherwise payable, to an account created on the Company's books for
       the Participant. Amounts standing to a Participant's credit in the
       account shall be paid to the Participant or his designated beneficiary or
       estate: (1) over a period of not more than fifteen years following
       termination of the Participant's employment by reason of death,
       disability or normal or early retirement as permitted by the Company's
       Retirement Plan; and (2) over a period of not more than three years
       following termination of a Participant's employment for any other reason,
       in either case at such times and in such installments as shall be
       determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.

6.3    Interest. Until such time as all amounts in the account are paid in full,
       a credit in lieu of interest shall be made to the account on December 31
       of each year (or on the date of the final installment payment from the
       account, as the case may be) in an amount equal to interest on the
       balance from time to time outstanding in the account during the year at a
       rate equal to the average prime rate of interest less one percentage
       point. For purposes of this section the "average prime rate of interest"
       in effect during the applicable period shall be computed by multiplying
       each prime rate of interest in effect at the Firstar Bank of Milwaukee
       during such period by the number of days each such rate was so m effect,
       and by dividing the total number so obtained by the total number of days
       in such period.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                 Plan Participation, Transfers and Terminations

7.1    Participant. "Participant" shall mean an employee employed on a regular
       full-time or part-time basis by the Company and who has been recommended
       by the Chief Executive Officer to be eligible to participate in the Plan
       and approved by the Committee. In order to be eligible for an Actual EP
       Bonus for a year, the Participant must be designated as such pursuant to
       Section 1.4. A person shall remain a Participant for other purposes of
       the Plan as long as he/she has a Bonus Bank balance or a deferred
       balance.

7.2    New Participants. The percentage (%) of award to which a Participant is
       entitled in the first year of his/her participation in the Plan is
       prorated at a rate of 1/12 for each complete month from date of
       participation.

7.3    Retirement. Disability. Involuntary Termination Without Cause or Death. A
       Participant who retires under the terms of the Company's Retirement Plan,
       or suffers a "disability", as such term is defined in the Company's
       long-term disability benefits program and is not reasonably expected by
       management to return to work, or is involuntarily terminated without
       cause or who dies shall be eligible to receive the balance of his/her
       Bonus Bank as of the end of the year pursuant to Section 5.5 after taking
       into account the actual bonus value for the said year. The actual bonus
       value for the said year shall be equal to zero dollars ($0) if the
       Participant has not completed six full months of employment with the
       Company during the year. Otherwise, the percentage of award for the said
       year to which


                                       6
<PAGE>

       a Participant is entitled shall be prorated at a rate of 1/12 for each
       complete month of employment during the year.

7.4    Voluntary Termination. In the event that a Participant voluntarily
       terminates employment with the Company on or before the end of the
       applicable fiscal year, the right of the Participant to his/her Bank
       Balance and/or any potential current year payout shall be forfeited.

7.5    Termination for Cause. "Cause" shall mean:

       (1)    misappropriation by the Participant of funds of the Company or any
              of its subsidiaries;
       (2)    the Participant personally and secretly obtaining profits from
              dealings with the Company or any of its subsidiaries;
       (3)    the Participant's unreasonable neglect of, or refusal to perform,
              his/her duties or responsibilities; and
       (4)    conviction of a serious crime involving moral turpitude.

7.6    Payment and Breach of Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of
       the Plan or any other agreement, in the event that a Participant shall
       breach any noncompetition agreement with the Company or breach any
       agreement with respect to the postemployment conduct of such Participant,
       any remaining payment otherwise due to the Participant hereunder shall be
       forfeited.

7.7    No Guarantee. Selection as a Participant is no guarantee that benefits
       under the Plan will be earned or that selection as a Participant will be
       made in any subsequent year.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                               General Provisions

8.1    Withholding of Taxes. The Company shall have the right to withhold the
       amount of taxes, which in the determination of the Company, are required
       to be withheld under law with respect to any amount due or paid under the
       Plan.

8.2    Expenses. All expenses and costs in connection with the adoption and
       administration of the Plan shall be borne by the Company.

8.3    No Prior Right or Offer. Except and until expressly granted pursuant to
       the Plan, nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any employee any
       contractual or other right to participate in the benefits of the Plan.

8.4    Rights Personal to Employee. Any rights provided to a Participant under
       the Plan shall be personal to such Participant, shall not be transferable
       (except by will or pursuant to the


                                       7
<PAGE>

       laws of descent or distribution), and shall be exercisable, during
       his/her lifetime, only by such Participant.

8.5    Distribution of Bank Balances Upon Termination of the Plan. Upon
       termination of the Plan, the Bank Balance of each Participant shall be
       distributed as soon as practicable but in no event later than 90 days
       from such event.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   Limitation

9.1    No Continued Employment. Nothing contained herein shall provide any
       Participant with any right to continued employment or in any way abridge
       the rights of the Company to determine the terms and conditions of
       employment and whether to terminate employment of any Participant.

9.2    No Vested Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein, no employee or
       other person shall have any claim of right (legal, equitable, or
       otherwise) to any award, allocation, or distribution or any right, title,
       or vested interest in any amounts in his/her Bonus Bank and no officer or
       employee of the Company or any other person shall have any authority to
       make representations or agreements to the contrary. No interest conferred
       herein to a Participant shall be assignable or subject to claim by a
       Participant's creditors. The right of the Participant to receive a
       distribution hereunder shall be an unsecured claim against the general
       assets of the Company and the Participant shall have no rights in or
       against any specific assets of the Company as the result of participation
       hereunder.

                                   ARTICLE X

                                    Authority

10.1   Committee Authority. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, full
       power and authority to interpret and administer this Plan shall be vested
       in the Committee. The Committee may from time to time make such decisions
       and adopt such rules and regulations for implementing the Plan as it
       deems appropriate for any Participant under the Plan. Any decision taken
       by the Committee arising out of or in connection with the construction,
       administration, interpretation and effect of the Plan shall be final,
       conclusive and binding upon all participants and any person claiming
       under or through them.

10.2   Board of Directors Authority. The Board shall be ultimately responsible
       for administration of the Plan. The Board or the Committee, as
       appropriate, shall work with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
       in all aspects of the administration of the Plan.


                                       8
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                     Notice

11.1   Any notice to be given pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be in
       writing and directed to the appropriate recipient thereof at his/her
       business address or office location.

                                  ARTICLE XII

                                 Effective Date

12.1   This Plan was originally effective as of January 1, 1998. The effective
       date of this restatement is January 1, 2002.

12.2   The Plan is intended to remain in force indefinitely beginning on the
       first day of each fiscal year after the effective date hereof, unless the
       Board of Directors, in its discretion, terminates it by resolution and
       notifies the Participants.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

                                   Amendments

13.1   Amendment. This Plan may be amended or terminated at any time at the sole
       discretion of the Board upon the recommendation of the Committee. The
       annual activities of the Committee pursuant to the Plan are not Plan
       amendments, including but not limited to the determinations pursuant to
       Section 1.4.

13.2   Protected Benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the last day of
       an applicable fiscal year, the Plan may not be amended or the
       Participants revised such that the Participant receives less than the
       amount payable by the Plan nor may an amendment reduce or eliminate any
       previously banked amount under Article V prior to such amendment or
       revision.

13.3   Notice. Notice of any amendment or termination shall be given promptly to
       each Participant.

                                  ARTICLE XIV

                                 Applicable Law

14.1   This Plan shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the
       laws of the State of Wisconsin to the extent not preempted by Federal
       law.


                                       9


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(Y)
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pdm288j.txt
<DESCRIPTION>KIENER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
February 7, 2002


PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL
- -------------------------

Mr. Daniel W. Kiener
1793 Tragone Drive
Upper St. Clair, PA  15241

Dear Dan:

The purpose of this letter is to set forth the terms of your employment with
Banta as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer reporting directly to me.
This offer is contingent upon your successful completion of an
employment-related physical including drug screen.

Your base salary will be $300,000 per year, with a next annual merit review in
January 2003. You will participate in Banta's Economic Profit Incentive Award
Plan, and be eligible for a target bonus of 50% of your base salary, subject to
Banta's financial results. You will also participate in Banta's Economic Profit
Long-Term Incentive Award Plan and be eligible for an annual target bonus of 25%
of your base salary, payable over a three-year period. For the 2002 year, we
will guarantee, on a pro rata basis, payment of a minimum of 50% of your target
annual and LTIP bonuses.

Upon joining Banta, you will be granted a non-statutory option to purchase
20,000 shares of Banta common stock under Banta's 1995 Equity Incentive
Plan. This exercise price for the option will be Banta's closing price on the
business day before your first day of employment. You will be eligible to
participate in future option grants to executives as determined by Banta's
Compensation Committee.

To provide you security in the event of a "change of control', you will be
offered a three (3) year Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreement
(KEESA). It is understood that prior to any "change of control", as defined in
the KEESA, this employment arrangement is considered "at-will" and may be
terminated either by you or by the Company at any time with or without cause.

In addition to the above, you will be entitled to participate in Banta's Pension
Plan, Supplemental Pension Plan (SERP), Incentive Savings Plan, and Deferred
Compensation Plan as well as the medical, dental, disability, and life insurance
programs of the Corporation. You will be entitled to a company car, club
membership, and financial counseling, some portion of which will be taxable
income to you under present tax laws.
<PAGE>
Mr. Daniel W. Kiener
February 7, 2002
Page Two


Banta will pay or reimburse you for all of your moving expenses, per our
Executive Policy Tier I, in moving to the Menasha area. Banta will pay you a
one-time relocation allowance of $25,000 - which will be grossed up - to cover
other miscellaneous relocation costs. In addition, Banta is willing to purchase
your home, or arrange for its purchase by a third party, at its appraised value
in accordance with Banta's policy. Banta will also cover temporary living
expenses in Menasha.

Dan, I am very excited and enthusiastic about the prospect of your joining Banta
as our new Chief Financial Officer. This is a particularly exciting time in the
history of our company, and I know you will make a terrific addition to our
team, and will contribute significantly to Banta's continued growth and success.

I look forward to your positive response.

Best regards,




Donald D. Belcher
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

DDB/yl


The foregoing is agreed to this _______ day of ____________________, 2002.





- -------------------------------------
Daniel W. Kiener
<PAGE>
February 12, 2002

                             PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL
                             -----------------------

              Amendment to the Offer Letter dated February 7, 2002


Mr. Daniel W. Kiener
1793 Tragone Drive
Upper St. Clair, PA  15241

Dear Dan:

As a result of your conversation with Donald D. Belcher, paragraph four (4) of
your offer letter dated February 7, 2002, is amended to read as follows:

     To provide you security in the event of a "change of control", you will be
     offered a three (3) year Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreement
     (KEESA). It is understood that prior to any "change in control", as defined
     in the KEESA, either you or Banta may terminate your employment at any
     time. However, in the event that Banta should terminate your employment
     other than by reason of disability or for ""cause" (as defined in the
     KEESA) prior to a change in control, you will be entitled to a severance
     payment equal to one (1) year's salary and Banta will continue to provide
     health insurance for one (1) year.

Best Regards,



Frank W. Rudolph
Vice President Human Resources



The foregoing is agreed to this _______ day of ____________________, 2002


BY:
   --------------------------------------------------
         Daniel W. Kiener


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>pdm288i.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
Five-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Not Covered by Report of Independent Public Accountants

Dollars in thousands (except per share data)         2001         2000         1999         1998         1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF EARNINGS1
<S>                                            <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Net sales                                      $1,457,935   $1,537,729   $1,315,278   $1,372,796   $1,202,483
Net earnings:
  Before one-time charges2                         57,497       58,743       54,510       52,940       51,423
  After one-time charges                           49,997       58,743       16,010       52,940       43,323
Diluted earnings per common share:
  Before one-time charges2                           2.31         2.35         2.01         1.80         1.71
  After one-time charges                             2.01         2.35          .59         1.80         1.44
Dividends paid per common share                       .61          .60          .56          .51          .47

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
Working capital3                                  148,805      194,064      178,471      174,596      187,942
Net plant and equipment                           324,984      344,261      327,350      318,635      338,357
Total assets                                      788,046      854,524      773,344      769,966      781,216
Long-term debt, excluding current maturities      130,981      179,202      113,520      120,628      130,065
Interest expense                                   13,720       16,754       12,362       10,825       11,062
EBITDA4                                           183,787      190,537      171,582      164,407      155,151
Shareholders' investment                          407,278      370,912      353,775      409,931      414,103
Book value per share of common stock5               16.47        15.10        13.70        14.51        13.90
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1 All years comprised 52 weeks, except 1997, which comprised 53 weeks.
2 One-time charges consist of restructuring charges in 1997 and 1999, and the investment write-off in 2001.
3 Working capital is defined as current assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, less current liabilities,
  excluding short-term debt and current maturities.
4 EBITDA is defined as earnings from operations before depreciation, amortization and restructuring charges.
5 Book values per share of common stock are based on shares outstanding at year-end.
</TABLE>


18 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
Management's Discussion & Analysis

OVERVIEW
Banta Corporation (the "Corporation" or "Banta") is a technology and market
leader in its two primary business segments, namely print and supply-chain
management. Banta provides a comprehensive combination of printing and digital
imaging solutions to leading publishers and direct marketers, including advanced
digital content management and e-business services. Banta's global supply-chain
management businesses provide a wide range of outsourcing capabilities to the
world's largest technology companies. Services range from component procurement,
product assembly and packaging to inventory control and global distribution. In
addition to its primary segments, the Corporation's healthcare business produces
and sources disposable products used in outpatient clinics, dental offices and
hospitals.

HIGHLIGHTS
Results for 2001 included the following:
o    Consistent delivery of solid operating performance in a challenging
     economic environment
o    Maintenance of a strong cash position due to aggressive cost controls,
     reduced capital expenditures and effective management of working capital
     requirements
o    Continued growth in sales and earnings within the supply-chain management
     segment
o    Improved operating performance within the print segment commercial markets
o    Higher operating margins for the healthcare business due to successful
     global sourcing and domestic manufacturing initiatives

Sales for 2001 were $1.46 billion, a 5% decrease from the prior-year sales of
$1.54 billion. Print segment sales for 2001 were approximately 8% below the
prior year. Lower sales within the print segment were primarily influenced by a
softer economy, which specifically impacted the educational book market and
publications market, and a reduction in paper prices of approximately 9%.
Of the 8% reduction in print segment sales for 2001, approximately one-third was
due to lower paper prices. The cost of paper is passed through to the customer
and variations in paper prices do not significantly impact the Corporation's
margin on print segment sales.

Lower sales within the print segment were partially offset by sales increase of
approximately 3% for the supply-chain management segment. This sales increase
was primarily due to the expansion of existing customer relationships in Europe
and Asia and the growing trend among many companies to outsource non-core
functions.
<PAGE>
Despite the reduction in consolidated sales, gross profit as a percentage of
sales improved from 20.2% in 2000 to 20.4% in 2001. Contributing to this
improvement were changes in product mix, improved operating efficiencies and
aggressive cost control measures.

Consistent with the sales reduction, earnings from operations for 2001 were 5.6%
below the prior year. Net earnings of $57.5 million for 2001, before an
after-tax investment charge of $7.5 million, were 2% lower than the prior-year
earnings of $58.7 million. Diluted earnings per share for 2001 of $2.31, prior
to the investment charge, were slightly below the record high of $2.35 per share
for 2000.

In response to Xyan.com, Inc. ("Xyan.com") filing for bankruptcy in the first
quarter of 2001, the Corporation wrote-off the cost of its minority interest in
Xyan.com. This write-off resulted in a non-operating, non-cash charge of $12.5
million ($7.5 million or $0.30 per diluted share, after tax).

Aggressive cost controls implemented early in 2001 contributed to the solid
performance during the year. Planned capital expenditures were reduced by more
than $50 million due to an anticipated decrease in capacity requirements. The
actions to reduce costs were taken without jeopardizing the ability to respond
quickly to future growth opportunities. Manufacturing expenses were effectively
managed without significant layoffs while working capital requirements reached
the lowest level in recent history. These factors contributed to the strong cash
position at the end of 2001 and lower interest expense.

Despite the softening in the technology sector, supply-chain management sales
for 2001 of $346 million were 3% higher than the prior-year sales of $336
million. Earnings from operations as a percentage of sales ("operating margin")
improved from 6.2% in 2000 to 7.1% in 2001. This improvement in operating margin
was primarily due to a level cost structure during 2001 as compared with 2000.
Operating expenses in 2000 included one-time start-up costs at the Corporation's
European and Asian facilities that service Compaq Computer Corporation.

Through improved operational efficiencies, cost containment efforts and product
mix changes, the print segment's commercial operations were able to improve
profitability on a slight reduction in sales. Increased demand for one-to-one
marketing solutions created strong utilization of in-line imaging and
personalization systems within the direct marketing business.

                                                           2001 Annual Report 19
<PAGE>
Operating margins in the book market were lower due to the weakening activity in
the educational sector and excess publisher inventories at the beginning of
2001, which impacted the first six months of 2001. Despite a full-year reduction
in page counts of approximately 10% within the publications market, the
Corporation increased market share by adding new customers and titles.

The Corporation's healthcare business continued to realize the benefits from the
prior year's successful global sourcing and domestic manufacturing initiatives,
reducing costs and providing lower-priced product options for customers. As a
result of these efforts, operating margins increased from 7.1% in 2000 to 9.3%
in 2001.

NET SALES
2001 compared with 2000

Print segment net sales of $1.0 billion for 2001 were $91 million, or 8.3%,
lower than the prior-year total of $1.1 billion. The decrease in print segment
net sales was primarily due to a softer economy and lower paper prices during
2001 compared to the prior year. For the full year, paper prices decreased on a
composite average approximately 9%. Paper prices are influenced by cyclical
advertising, economic activity and world pulp prices. As is customary in the
print markets, the customer generally absorbs fluctuations in paper prices.
Paper prices are estimated to remain stable during the first half of 2002 with
moderate increases expected toward the end of the year.

Net sales for the printing segment market classifications, as a percent of total
print segment sales, were as follows:

                                2001      2000      1999
- ---------------------------------------------------------
Books                             33%       33%       29%
Direct Marketing                  22        21        24
Catalogs                          22        22        23
Magazines                         19        19        17
Other                              4         5         7
- ---------------------------------------------------------
                                 100%      100%      100%
- ---------------------------------------------------------

Book market sales for 2001 were approximately 14% lower than the prior year due
in part to lower textbook adoption activity and the aforementioned reduction in
paper prices. In addition, expectations for additional federal and state funding
for education in 2001 did not materialize as projected, resulting in excess
publisher inventories and lower sales for the first half of 2001 compared to the
prior-year period. Fewer textbook adoptions during 2001 also resulted in a
reduction in educational component sales, which are influenced by the sales and
marketing activities to school systems during adoption periods.
<PAGE>
Catalog market sales and sales for direct marketing materials were modestly
below the levels of the prior year primarily due to reduced paper prices.
Through a targeted sales effort to increase business with small- to mid-size
business and consumer catalog customers and maintain a high customer retention
rate, Banta partially offset the impact of business-to-business biennial
catalogs not being printed in 2001. Sales of direct marketing materials
benefited from increased demand for one-to-one marketing solutions, which
enhanced demand for the Corporation's inline imaging and personalization
services.

Sales in the magazine market decreased in 2001 due to paper price reductions, an
unusually high incidence of magazine attrition and a reduction in page counts
resulting from a weak advertising environment. On average, page counts for 2001
were approximately 10% lower than the prior year. In any given year, page count
levels tend to vary based on economic growth trends. Despite the high incidence
of magazine attrition and the operating environment within the magazine market,
the Corporation increased the number of magazines it prints to over 800 titles.

Supply-chain management segment sales were $346 million in 2001, an increase of
3% from 2000 sales. Expansion of existing customer relationships within European
and Asian facilities offset a softening of sales to technology customers in the
U.S.

Although full-year revenue for supply-chain management was slightly above the
prior year, fourth quarter 2001 sales, which were heavily influenced by lower
sales to Compaq and a weakening in the technology sector, were 21% below the
prior-year fourth quarter. Higher sales to Compaq during the fourth quarter 2000
were due to the inventory build requirements to support the start up of the
Corporation's European and Asian facilities.

Healthcare segment sales for 2001 of $103 million were slightly above the prior
year. The increase in healthcare sales was primarily due to volume increases for
medical and dental paper and film products, which more than offset reductions in
material costs and lower per unit prices for products sourced globally.

Corporate expectations for the full-year 2002 are for growth in sales, with
growth rates in the mid-single digits, reflective of expectations for a
gradually improving economy.

2000 compared with 1999

Print segment net sales of $1.1 billion for 2000 were $103 million, or 10.3%
higher than the $997 million in 1999. The increase in print segment net sales
was primarily due to strong market demand, market share growth and higher paper
prices during 2000 compared to the prior year.

Book market sales for 2000 were 30% higher than the prior year primarily due to
strong educational activity, the acquisition of Southeastern Color Graphics in
May 2000 and the aforementioned increase in paper prices. Sales to educational
customers increased due to a strong textbook adoption year and improved market
penetration. Sales in the magazine market increased in 2000 due to market share
growth and strong increases in page counts resulting from an aggressive
advertising environment.

20 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
Sales for direct marketing materials in 2000 were comparable to the prior year
while catalog market sales were slightly higher than the prior year primarily
due to higher paper prices and the business-to-business biennial catalog cycle.

Supply-chain management segment sales were $336 million in 2000, an increase of
57% from 1999 sales. This increase was primarily related to the successful start
up of operations to service the Compaq contract. Sales to Compaq in 1999 were
modest. The Corporation also gained new opportunities with other major
technology companies, which included the continued expansion into Mexico to
service additional customers.

Healthcare segment sales for 2000 of $102 million were slightly below the prior
year. Several product lines were moved off-shore to Mexico and Asia, which
caused interruption to customers' supply-chains.

EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS
2001 compared with 2000

Consolidated earnings from operations for 2001 decreased 5.6% to $108.4 million
compared with the prior year's $114.8 million. Both the supply-chain management
segment and healthcare business recorded double-digit percentage increases in
earnings while the print segment was below the prior year.

Consolidated operating margins of 7.4% for 2001 were comparable with the
prior-year operating margins. Gross margins increased from 20.2% in 2000 to
20.4% in 2001 primarily due to changes in product mix, improved operating
efficiencies and aggressive cost control measures. The improvement in gross
margins was offset in part by fixed operating costs increasing as a percentage
of net sales due to the decline in overall net sales.

Print segment earnings from operations for 2001 were $93.8 million, 11.7% lower
than the prior year's $106.2 million. Operating margins for the print segment
were 9.3% for 2001 compared to 9.7% for 2000. The reductions in earnings and
operating margins were primarily the result of the lower sales volume within the
educational and magazine markets. Lower equipment utilization within these
markets was partially offset by improved utilization of in-line imaging
equipment within the direct marketing business and improved operational
efficiencies within the consumer catalog business. The Corporation also
aggressively managed costs by balancing facility staffing with plant utilization
requirements.

Earnings from operations for the supply-chain management segment increased to
$24.7 million in 2001 compared with $20.7 million in 2000 and operating margins
increased to 7.1% compared with 6.2% in the prior year. These improvements were
primarily due to a level cost structure during 2001 as compared with 2000.
Operating expenses in 2000 included one-time start-up costs at Banta's European
and Asian Compaq service facilities.
<PAGE>
Healthcare earnings from operations for 2001 were $9.5 million compared with the
prior year's $7.2 million. Operating margins for 2001 were 9.3% compared with
7.1% for 2000. The 2001 operating margins were positively impacted by the
domestic manufacturing and global sourcing initiatives undertaken in 2000, which
included establishing a management office in Hong Kong and forming supply
relationships in Asia and Mexico. The earnings from operations in 2000 were
lower as a result of the start-up costs associated with these initiatives.

2000 compared with 1999

Consolidated earnings from operations for 2000 increased 11% to $114.8 million
compared with the prior year's $103.4 million, before consideration of the 1999
restructuring charge. All earnings from operations and operating margins for
1999 discussed below are before the restructuring charge incurred in that year.
Both the print and supply-chain management segments recorded double-digit
increases in income during 2000 while the healthcare business was below the
prior year.

Consolidated operating margins of 7.5% for 2000 were slightly lower than the
prior-year operating margins of 7.9%, primarily due to increased selling and
administrative costs, product mix and reduced operating results from the
healthcare segment. Higher sales volume from supply-chain management, which
generally has a lower gross margin percentage because of the high material
content, also contributed to the overall lower margin.

Earnings from operations for 1999 included a second quarter restructuring charge
of $55.0 million ($38.5 million or $1.40 per diluted share, after tax). The
restructuring initiatives primarily involved the Corporation's print segment and
included three facility closings and the elimination of certain underperforming
business assets. At December 29, 2001, the remaining restructuring reserve was
$5.5 million. With the exception of continued lease payments for certain of the
closed facilities, all restructuring actions were substantially completed in
2000.

Print segment earnings from operations for 2000 increased to $106.2 million,
13.7% higher than the prior year's $93.4 million. Segment earnings growth
reflected the increased sales volume within the educational and magazine
markets, efficiency improvements, cost-control initiatives within the commercial
print markets and a full year benefit from the 1999 restructuring.

Operating margins for the print segment increased to 9.7% for 2000 from 9.4% for
the prior year. In addition to the aforementioned improvements in earnings from
operations, operating margins increased due to better utilization within most
print markets and the product mix within the commercial markets. The segment's
operating margins were negatively impacted by higher material and energy costs
and additional investments in digital technologies.

                                                           2001 Annual Report 21
<PAGE>
Earnings from operations for the supply-chain management segment doubled during
2000 to $20.7 million, and operating margins increased from 4.8% in 1999 to 6.2%
in 2000. These increases were primarily due to the substantial volume from the
Compaq project at the Houston facility for three quarters of the year and the
successful start up of the European and Asian facilities that service the Compaq
contract. Strong volume increases at several of the other European and U.S.
facilities also contributed to the significant gains.

Healthcare segment earnings from operations for 2000 were $7.2 million compared
with the prior year's $15.0 million. Operating margins for 2000 were 7.1%
compared with 14.3% for 1999. The reduction in earnings and operating margins
was attributed to lower sales volume from industry consolidation, substantial
start-up costs associated with foreign sourcing initiatives of selected
non-paper products and higher raw material prices, which could not be passed on
to customers due to competitive pricing and timing of contractual arrangements.

INVESTMENT WRITE-OFF
Xyan.com filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on March 31, 2001, as a result of the
inability to obtain additional financing for its continued operation, coupled
with the unfavorable operating results due to the economic downturn in its
markets. In response to Xyan.com's filing for bankruptcy, the Corporation
wrote-off the cost of its minority interest in Xyan.com in March 2001. This
write-off resulted in a non-operating, non-cash charge of $12.5 million ($7.5
million or $.30 per diluted share, after tax).

INTEREST EXPENSE AND OTHER EXPENSE
Interest expense of $13.7 million in 2001 was $3.1 million lower than the prior
year interest expense of $16.8 million. This decrease was due to reduced debt
levels and lower interest rates. Through effectively managing working capital
related to receivables and inventory, and reducing capital expenditures, the
Corporation eliminated all commerical paper borrowings at the end of 2001.
Average commercial paper borrowings during 2001 were $21.3 million compared with
$75.8 million in the prior year. The weighted-average interest rates on such
borrowings during 2001 and 2000 were 5.2% and 6.6%, respectively.

Interest expense increased from $12.4 million in 1999 to $16.8 million in 2000.
The increase in interest expense during 2000 was primarily due to higher
interest rates and increased debt levels to support the Corporation's common
stock repurchase program, capital expenditures and higher working capital needs
during 2000.

Other expense for 2001 was approximately $1.4 million lower than the prior year
due to interest income on cash balances and other miscellaneous income. Other
expense for 2000 of $1.4 million was comparable to 1999.
<PAGE>
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES
Effective income tax rates were 39.2%, 39.2%
and 53.7% in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The higher effective tax rate in
1999 was primarily due to nondeductible charges taken in conjunction with the
1999 restructuring. Without giving effect to the restructuring charge, the
effective income tax rate for 1999 was 39.2%. The effective income tax rate for
2002 is expected to approximate 39.4%.

NET INCOME
The Corporation's net income for 2001 was $57.5 million, or $2.31 per diluted
share, before consideration of the write-off of the investment in Xyan.com. Net
income for 2001 before the write-off was slightly lower than the $58.7 million,
or $2.35 per diluted share for 2000, primarily due to the reduction in earnings
from operations, partially offset by lower interest expense. Net income for 2001
after giving effect to the Xyan.com write-off was $50.0 million, or $2.01 per
diluted share.

Expectations for the full-year 2002 are for growth in earnings, with growth
rates in the mid-single digits, reflective of expectations for a gradually
improving economy.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Corporation has historically raised long-term debt financing by periodically
issuing unsecured promissory notes to institutional investors on a private
placement basis. No significant long-term borrowings were recorded in 2001 or
1999. During 2000, the Corporation issued $70 million of long-term debt at
interest rates ranging from 6.98% to 8.05%. The proceeds were used to repay a
portion of the Corporation's short-term debt. Of the $156.9 million of total
long-term debt at the end of 2001, including current maturities, $25.9 million
matures in 2002 with the remaining balance maturing through 2015.

The Corporation primarily raises short-term funds by selling commercial paper.
Such borrowings are supported by a credit facility with a total borrowing
capacity of $105 million. Average outstanding short-term borrowings during 2001,
2000 and 1999 were $21.3 million, $75.8 million and $49.8 million, respectively.
The decrease in 2001 was due to aggressively managing working capital
requirements and reducing planned capital expenditures by over $50 million. The
increases in 2000 resulted primarily from borrowings used to fund the repurchase
of shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $24.0 million. At December 29,
2001, the Corporation had no short-term commercial paper borrowings outstanding.

Management believes the Corporation's liquidity continues to be strong and the
degree of leverage allows the Corporation to finance, at attractive borrowing
rates, its capital expenditures and other investment opportunities that may
arise.

22 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
During 2001, working capital, excluding cash and short-term debt, decreased
approximately $45 million. This improvement was primarily due to aggressive
management of working capital and lower sales volume for the print segment.
Year-end receivables were nearly 14% lower than the 2000 year-end level and
inventories were down $37 million, or 34%. Through aggressively managing the
asset base, the Corporation reached the lowest level in recent history of
material inventory days on hand.

During 2001, no shares of the Corporation's common stock were repurchased.
During 2000, the Corporation repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of its
common stock at an aggregate cost of $24.0 million. The share repurchase
program, authorized by the Corporation's Board of Directors during 1998 and
expanded during 1999, has in excess of $80 million in authority remaining for
future share repurchases. Banta may continue its repurchase of shares in the
future pursuant to this authorization if market conditions warrant. Any future
stock repurchases will be funded by a combination of cash provided from
operations and short-term borrowings.

The Corporation's capital expenditures were approximately $50 million in 2001
compared to approximately $80 million in both 2000 and 1999. The Corporation is
committed to maintaining modern, efficient plants and to providing customers
with enhanced supply-chain management services and new printing and digital
imaging technologies. Though planned expenditures for 2001 were reduced by over
$50 million as a result of a decrease in anticipated capacity requirements, the
Corporation believes that this reduction and other cost-cutting initiatives will
not diminish its ability to respond to increasing demand as the economy
strengthens. Preliminary plans for 2002 are for capital expenditures to
approximate $70 million.

ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS No.
141, "Business Combinations," and No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets." The statements eliminate the pooling-of-interests method of accounting
for business combinations and require goodwill to no longer be amortized but to
instead be tested for impairment at least annually. Amortization is required for
other intangible assets with determinable lives. SFAS No. 141 is effective for
business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001. The Corporation adopted
SFAS No. 142 on December 30, 2001. Goodwill amortization expense in 2001 was
approximately $3 million. The Corporation does not currently believe there will
be any significant impairment.
<PAGE>
In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." SFAS No. 144 addresses accounting and reporting
for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets, superseding SFAS No. 121.
The statement was effective for the Corporation in 2002, and did not have a
significant impact on its financial position or results of operations.

RISK MANAGEMENT
The Corporation is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and
foreign exchange rates. At December 29, 2001, the Corporation had no outstanding
borrowings against its lines of credit with banks and minimal floating rate
long-term debt. Since essentially all long-term debt is at fixed interest rates,
exposure to interest rate fluctuations is immaterial. Disclosure relating to the
fair value of long-term debt is included in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Portions of potential market risk associated with changes in foreign exchange
rates are considered in contractual arrangements with customers. The Corporation
also manages foreign currency exchange rate exposure by utilizing some natural
hedges to mitigate a portion of its transaction and commitment exposures, and
may utilize forward contracts in certain situations. Based on the Corporation's
overall foreign currency exchange rate exposure at December 29, 2001, a 10%
change in foreign currency exchange rates would not have had a material effect
on the Corporation's balance sheet, statement of earnings or cash flows.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
The foregoing Management's Discussion and Analysis as well as other portions of
this Annual Report to Shareholders includes forward-looking statements.
Statements that describe future expectations, plans or strategies (including,
without limitation, earnings and performance projections) are considered forward
looking. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which
could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently
anticipated. Factors that could affect actual results are described on page 40
of this Annual Report to Shareholders.

                                                           2001 Annual Report 23
<PAGE>
Consolidated Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 29, 2001, and December 30, 2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                                                                        2001         2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSETS
Current Assets:
<S>                                                                                    <C>          <C>
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                            $  65,976    $  27,660
  Receivables, less reserves of $7,084 and $8,105, respectively                          215,505      249,200
  Inventories                                                                             71,079      108,109
  Prepaid expenses                                                                         4,898        5,636
  Deferred income taxes                                                                   16,158       16,070
                                                                                         373,616      406,675
Plant and Equipment:
  Land                                                                                     9,075        9,075
  Buildings and improvements                                                             136,716      134,932
  Machinery and equipment                                                                762,734      732,236
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         908,525      876,243
  Less accumulated depreciation                                                         (583,541)    (531,982)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         324,984      344,261
Other Assets                                                                              25,645       37,663
Goodwill                                                                                  63,801       65,925
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       $ 788,046    $ 854,524
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' INVESTMENT
Current Liabilities:
  Short-term debt                                                                     $       --    $  46,863
  Accounts payable                                                                        98,391      117,499
  Accrued salaries and wages                                                              32,218       43,235
  Other accrued liabilities                                                               28,226       24,217
  Current maturities of long-term debt                                                    25,915        8,505
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         184,750      240,319
Non-current Liabilities:
  Long-term debt                                                                         130,981      179,202
  Deferred income taxes                                                                   21,080       24,106
  Other non-current liabilities                                                           43,957       39,985
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         196,018      243,293
Shareholders' Investment:
  Common stock - $.10 par value, authorized
    75,000,000 shares; 27,874,263 and 27,711,028 shares issued, respectively               2,787        2,771
  Amount in excess of par value of stock                                                   3,366           43
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                   (10,914)      (8,964)
  Treasury stock, at cost (3,144,400 shares)                                             (66,814)     (66,814)
  Retained earnings                                                                      478,853      443,876
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         407,278      370,912
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       $ 788,046    $ 854,524
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these balance sheets.
</TABLE>
24 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

For the Periods Ended December 29, 2001, December 30, 2000, and January 1, 2000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands (except earnings per share)                               2001         2000         1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>          <C>
Net sales                                                                $1,457,935   $1,537,729   $1,315,278
Cost of goods sold                                                        1,159,822    1,227,254    1,048,916
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  GROSS EARNINGS                                                            298,113      310,475      266,362

Selling and administrative expenses                                         189,704      195,682      162,992
Restructuring charge                                                             --           --       55,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS                                                  108,409      114,793       48,370

Interest expense                                                            (13,720)     (16,754)     (12,362)
Write-off of investment                                                     (12,500)          --           --
Other income (expense), net                                                       8       (1,396)      (1,398)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES                                               82,197       96,643       34,610

Provision for income taxes                                                   32,200       37,900       18,600
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NET EARNINGS                                                           $   49,997    $  58,743    $  16,010
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK                               $     2.03    $    2.35    $     .59
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK                             $     2.01    $    2.35    $     .59
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

                                                                                         2001 Annual Report 25
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
For the Periods Ended December 29, 2001, December 30, 2000 and January 1, 2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                                                           2001         2000         1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
<S>                                                                       <C>          <C>          <C>
Net earnings                                                              $  49,997    $  58,743    $  16,010
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by
  operating activities, net of acquisitions:
   Depreciation and amortization                                             75,378       75,744       68,212
   Deferred income taxes                                                     (3,114)       4,217       (8,541)
   Restructuring charge                                                          --           --       55,000
   Restructuring charges paid                                                (1,318)      (5,153)     (12,151)
   Write-off of investment                                                   12,500           --           --
  Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:
    Decrease (increase) in receivables                                       33,170      (25,532)      14,253
    Decrease (increase) in inventories                                       37,030      (19,191)      (7,809)
    Decrease in other current assets                                            738        1,424          813
    (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities         (24,798)      37,352       (3,319)
    (Increase) decrease in other non-current assets                          (2,374)       1,711         (875)
    Other, net                                                                1,434       (3,358)       3,990
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash provided by operating activities                                       178,643      125,957      125,583

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Capital expenditures                                                        (50,169)     (80,548)     (83,952)
Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment                                     1,771        1,689        3,836
Cash used for acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                 --      (11,547)      (5,750)
Additions to long-term investments                                           (2,574)     (13,951)     (13,220)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash used for investing activities                                          (50,972)    (104,357)     (99,086)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Short-term debt (payments) proceeds, net                                    (46,863)     (45,636)      52,359
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                         --       70,000           --
Payments on long-term debt                                                  (30,811)      (6,924)      (6,904)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                       3,339           43        2,774
Dividends paid                                                              (15,020)     (15,050)     (15,317)
Repurchase of common stock                                                       --      (24,024)     (58,342)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash used for financing activities                                          (89,355)     (21,591)     (25,430)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    38,316            9        1,067
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                               27,660       27,651       26,584
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                  $  65,976    $  27,660    $  27,651
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash payments for:
  Interest, net of amount capitalized                                     $  13,392    $  16,583    $  12,634
  Income taxes                                                               25,905       38,777       17,448
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
</TABLE>
26 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Investment
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
For the Periods Ended December 29, 2001, December 30, 2000, and January 1, 2000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              Amount in    Accumulated
                                     Common Stock             Excess of    Other Compre-   Retained   Treasury
Dollars in thousands          Shares Issued     Par Value     Par Value    hensive Loss    Earnings      Stock      Total
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE,
<S>                              <C>               <C>         <C>              <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>
  JANUARY 2, 1999                28,260,957        $2,826      $     --         $(2,308)   $409,413  $      --    $409,931
                                                                                                                  --------
Net earnings                                                                                 16,010                 16,010
Cumulative translation
  adjustment                                                                     (4,081)                            (4,081)
                                                                                                                  --------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                11,929
Change in accounting principle                                                                2,800                  2,800
Cash dividends ($.56 per share)                                                             (15,317)               (15,317)
Stock options exercised             137,246            14         2,760                                              2,774
Repurchase of common stock         (689,100)          (69)       (2,760)                    (12,723)               (15,552)
Treasury stock purchases                                                                               (42,790)    (42,790)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE,
  JANUARY 1, 2000                27,709,103         2,771            --          (6,389)    400,183    (42,790)    353,775
                                                                                                                  --------
Net earnings                                                                                 58,743                 58,743
Cumulative translation
  adjustment                                                                     (2,575)                            (2,575)
                                                                                                                  --------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                56,168
Cash dividends ($.60 per share)                                                             (15,050)               (15,050)
Stock options exercised               1,925                          43                                                 43
Treasury stock purchases                                                                               (24,024)    (24,024)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE,
  DECEMBER 30, 2000              27,711,028         2,771            43          (8,964)    443,876    (66,814)    370,912
                                                                                                                  --------
Net earnings                                                                                 49,997                 49,997
Cumulative translation
  adjustment                                                                     (1,950)                            (1,950)
                                                                                                                  --------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                48,047
Cash dividends ($.61 per share)                                                             (15,020)               (15,020)
Stock options exercised             163,235            16         3,323                                              3,339
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE,
  DECEMBER 29, 2001              27,874,263        $2,787       $ 3,366        $(10,914)   $478,853   $(66,814)   $407,278
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are 300,000 shares of $10 par value preferred stock authorized, none of which is issued.
The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

                                                                                                     2001 Annual Report 27
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Periods Ended December 29, 2001, December 30, 2000, and January 1, 2000

>> 1
Summary of Accounting Policies

Significant accounting policies followed by the Banta Corporation (the
"Corporation" or "Banta") in maintaining financial records and preparing
financial statements are:

BUSINESS The Corporation provides a wide variety of print and
print-related services to publishers of educational and general books,
special-interest magazines, consumer and business catalogs, and direct marketing
materials. Banta also offers supply-chain management services, digital services
and single-use healthcare products. Customers, who are primarily located
throughout the United States and Europe, are granted credit on an unsecured
basis. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales
during 2001, 2000 or 1999.

YEAR-END The Corporation's operating year ends on the Saturday closest to
December 31. Operating years 2001, 2000 and 1999 ended on December 29, 2001,
December 30, 2000, and January 1, 2000, respectively, and comprised 52 weeks
each.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

RECOGNITION OF REVENUE The Corporation recognizes revenue at the time the
products are shipped, risk of loss transfers or as services are performed. Most
products are produced to customer specifications, therefore, the Corporation has
no material amounts of finished goods inventory.

In accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 00-10, the Corporation
recognizes as revenues shipping and handling fees billed to customers and the
corresponding cost is included in cost of sales for all years presented.

Foreign Currency Translation Financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are
translated into United States dollars in accordance with the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 52. Foreign currency
transaction gains and losses were insignificant in 2001, 2000 and 1999.

EARNINGS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK Basic earnings per share of common stock is
computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share of common stock
is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common
shares and common
<PAGE>
equivalent shares, which relate entirely to the assumed exercise of stock
options. Average common shares for computation of basic earnings per share were
24,659,129; 24,955,750; and 27,153,280 in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Average common and common equivalent shares for computation of diluted earnings
per share were 24,857,239; 24,980,228; and 27,177,205, in 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

The shares outstanding used to compute diluted earnings per share for 2001, 2000
and 1999 excluded outstanding options to purchase 268,883; 1,863,037; and
1,391,777 shares of common stock, respectively, with weighted-average exercise
prices of $26.64, $24.75 and $26.20, respectively. The options were excluded
because their exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the
common shares and their inclusion in the computation would have been
antidilutive.

CAPITALIZED INTEREST The Corporation capitalizes interest on major building and
equipment installations and depreciates the amount over the lives of the related
assets. The total interest incurred was $15,386,000 in 2001, $17,919,000 in
2000, and $13,100,000 in 1999 of which $1,666,000, $1,165,000 and $738,000 was
capitalized in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Short-term investments, with maturities of less than
90 days at the date of purchase, are considered cash equivalents for purposes of
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and statements of cash flows. These
investments are stated at cost which approximates market.

INVENTORIES The Corporation's inventories are stated at the lower of cost or
market using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventories include
material, labor and manufacturing overhead.

Inventory amounts at December 29, 2001, and December 30, 2000, were as follows:

- -------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                             2001        2000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
Raw materials and supplies                    $38,432    $ 58,513
Work-in-process and finished goods             32,647      49,596
                                              -------    --------
Net inventories                               $71,079    $108,109
- -------------------------------------------------------------------

28 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT Costs incurred in the development of new products, prior to
establishing technological feasibility, are charged to expense as incurred. SFAS
No. 86 requires capitalization of certain software development costs subsequent
to the establishment of technological feasibility. Based upon the Corporation's
product development process, technological feasibility is established upon
completion of a detailed design. Capitalized software costs are amortized on a
product-by-product basis over a period of five years, depending on the estimated
useful life of the software. The unamortized balance, as included in other
assets, was $11,058,000, and $11,494,000 at December 29, 2001 and December 30,
2000, respectively. Accumulated amortization of capitalized software costs was
$5,333,000 at December 29, 2001. The Corporation believes the capitalized
software development costs are realizable based on the projected undiscounted
earnings of the related product.

PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Plant and equipment (including major renewals and
betterments) are carried at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life
of the assets. Substantially all depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method for financial reporting purposes. Accelerated depreciation
methods are used for tax purposes. Leasehold improvements are generally
amortized over the term of the leases on a straight-line basis. The general
range of useful lives for financial reporting is 15 to 30 years for buildings
and improvements and 3 to 10 years for machinery and equipment.

INCOME TAXES Deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the
difference between the book and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using
enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected
to reverse.

GOODWILL Goodwill is amortized and charged against operations on a straight-line
method over periods of 20 to 25 years. The realizability of goodwill is
evaluated annually based upon the undiscounted cash flows of the businesses
acquired compared with the unamortized amount of goodwill. Accumulated
amortization of goodwill was $17,920,000, and $14,915,000 as of December 29,
2001, and December 30, 2000, respectively.

In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 142,
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." Under the statement, goodwill will no
longer be amortized; however, it must be tested for impairment at least
annually. Amortization will continue to be recorded for other intangible assets
with determinable lives. The Corporation adopted the statement for 2002.
Goodwill amortization expense in 2001 was $3,005,000. The Corporation is in the
process of assessing the impairment provisions of SFAS No. 142. Such assessment
must be completed by the second quarter of 2002. The Corporation does not
currently believe there will be any significant impairment.

USE OF ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and related disclosures. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.
<PAGE>
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The Corporation enters into forward exchange
contracts to mitigate exposure related to receivables and payables denominated
in foreign currencies. Those foreign currency contracts are adjusted to their
fair market value with the gain or loss reflected in other income (expense) in
the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. For each of the three
years presented, the gain or loss recognized on these contracts was not
material.

>> 2

Acquisitions and Investments

INVESTMENT IN XYAN.COM During 2000, the Corporation acquired a minority equity
interest of approximately 13% in Xyan.com Inc., ("Xyan.com") a start-up
Internet-enabled digital document solutions provider. In March 2001, Xyan.com
filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 as a result of the inability to obtain
additional financing for its continued operation, coupled with the unfavorable
operating results due to the economic downturn in its market. In response to
Xyan.com's filing for bankruptcy, the Corporation wrote-off the cost of its
minority interest in Xyan.com. This write-off resulted in a non-operating charge
of $12.5 million ($7.5 million or $.30 per diluted share, after tax).

OTHER ACQUISITIONS In May 2000, the Corporation acquired Southeastern Color
Graphics ("Southeastern") for approximately $11.5 million in cash plus the
assumption of approximately $8.0 million in debt. Southeastern focuses on
product niches that address the non-textbook print component requirements of
elementary and high school markets. The purchase price plus the liabilities
assumed exceeded the fair value of the tangible assets acquired by $6.3 million.
The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase.

In July 1999, the Corporation acquired a 50 percent equity interest in a newly
formed joint venture for approximately $5.8 million. The joint venture, Banta G.
Imagen S. de R.L. de C.V., based in Queretaro, Mexico, provides a variety of
products and services for the commercial print market. The equity method of
accounting is used to account for this investment.

                                                                Annual Report 29
<PAGE>
>> 3

Short-Term Debt

The Corporation generally obtains short-term financing through the issuance of
commercial paper and borrowing against lines of credit with banks. At December
29, 2001, the Corporation had credit facilities totaling $113 million. Of this
total, $105 million represents credit facilities made available by three banks,
which can be used to support both commercial paper and unsecured borrowings. The
remaining $8 million is a secured credit facility denominated in Irish punts,
which is used to finance the Corporation's European operations. At December 29,
2001, the Corporation had no borrowings outstanding. At December 30, 2000, the
Corporation had notes payable outstanding aggregating $46.9 million against the
credit facilities, which consisted entirely of commercial paper with a weighted
average interest rate of 7.0%. The maximum outstanding borrowings during 2001
and 2000 were $55.2 million and $89.5 million, respectively. The average
outstanding borrowings during 2001 and 2000 were $21.3 million and $75.8
million, respectively. The weighted-average interest rates on such borrowings
during 2001 and 2000 were 5.2% and 6.6%, respectively.

>> 4

Long-Term Debt

Long-term debt, including amounts payable within one year,
consists of the following:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                           Maturities       2001      2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Promissory Notes:
8.05%                                           2002-2005   $ 50,000  $ 50,000
7.45%                                                2001         --    20,000
6.81%                                           2004-2010     35,000    35,000
7.62%                                           2002-2009     17,857    20,238
7.98%                                           2002-2010     20,238    22,619
9.53%                                           2002-2005      7,273     9,091
7.38%                                           2005-2015     15,000    15,000

Notes Payable and Capital Lease Obligations,
 generally fixed rates of interest,
 7.2% to 10.7%                                  2002-2008      5,750     6,112
Industrial Revenue Bonds:
Floating rates of interest, approximating
 80% of the prime rate                          2002-2015      3,800     6,150
Fixed rate of interest at 7.5%                       2002        120       260
Other fixed rates of interest, 6.0% to 9.4%     2002-2005      1,858     3,237
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             156,896   187,707
Less current maturities                                      (25,915)   (8,505)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term debt                                              $130,981  $179,202
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

Maturities of long-term debt during the next five years are: 2002, $25,915,000;
2003, $19,492,000; 2004, $19,485,000; 2005, $25,735,000; and 2006, $11,414,000.
Industrial Revenue Bonds aggregating $920,000 are secured by certain real estate
and equipment.

The Promissory Note agreements contain various operating and financial
covenants. The more restrictive of these covenants require that working capital
be maintained at a minimum of $40,000,000, current assets be 150% of current
liabilities and consolidated tangible net worth be not less than $125,000,000.
Funded debt of up to 50% of the sum of consolidated tangible net worth and
consolidated funded debt may be incurred without prior consent of the
noteholders. The Corporation may incur short-term debt of up to 25% of
consolidated tangible net worth at any time and is required to be free of all
such obligations in excess of 12.5% of consolidated tangible net worth for 60
consecutive days each year. The agreements also contain limitations on leases
and ratable security on certain types of liens. The Corporation was in
compliance with all debt covenants at December 29, 2001.

One of the Promissory Note agreements contains covenants, which restrict the
payment of dividends. As of December 29, 2001, $100,596,000 of retained earnings
was available for the payment of dividends under the most restrictive of such
covenants.

Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Corporation for loans
with similar terms and average maturities, the fair value of long-term debt as
of December 29, 2001, including current maturities, was estimated by management
to be $176,047,000.

30 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
>> 5

Stock Option Plans

At December 29, 2001, the Corporation had options outstanding or available for
grant under two stock option plans -- the 1995 Equity Incentive Plan and the
1991 Stock Option Plan. Under the plans, options to purchase common stock are
granted to officers and key employees at prices not less than the fair market
value of the common stock on the date of the grant. Options granted under the
1991 plan may be exercised up to five years after the date of the grant. Options
granted under the 1995 plan may be exercised up to ten years from the date of
the grant. At December 29, 2001, 2,177,799 shares of the Corporation's common
stock were reserved for future option grants.

The plans permit participants to use option shares for the purpose of offsetting
income tax liabilities incurred upon the exercise of stock options and allow for
grants of either Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options. The
plans include provisions that authorize options to be granted to non-employee
Directors.

The following table summarizes activity under the stock option plans:

                                                                      Weighted
                             Options          Price Range        Average Price
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING AT
JANUARY 2, 1999            1,945,370            $20 - $31                  $25
Granted                      691,000              19 - 24                   23
Exercised                   (277,855)             21 - 24                   21
Canceled or expired         (217,531)             20 - 31                   26
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING AT
JANUARY 1, 2000            2,140,984              19 - 31                   25
Granted                      573,500              18 - 22                   20
Exercised                     (2,000)             21 - 21                   21
Canceled or expired         (327,616)             21 - 28                   26
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING AT
DECEMBER 30, 2000          2,384,868              18 - 31                   23
Granted                      775,500              26 - 28                   28
Exercised                   (278,523)             18 - 28                   23
Canceled or expired          (75,668)             18 - 31                   24
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING AT
DECEMBER 29, 2001          2,806,177            $18 - $31                  $25
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Of the options outstanding at December 29, 2001, 1,506,378 were exercisable at
prices ranging from $18 to $31, and a weighted average of $24. The balance of
the options become exercisable at various times through 2004 at prices ranging
from $18 to $28, and a weighted average of $25.

During 2001, 2000 and 1999, 115,288; 75; and 140,609 shares, respectively, were
submitted to the Corporation in partial payment for stock option exercises and
to offset income tax liabilities. The Corporation canceled these shares.

The Corporation accounts for stock options pursuant to the provisions of APB
Opinion No. 25, which requires no compensation cost to be recognized when stock
options are granted at fair
<PAGE>
value. If the Corporation had charged earnings for the compensation cost related
to its stock option grants determined consistent with SFAS No. 123, its net
earnings and earnings per share would have been reduced to the following pro
forma amounts:

Dollars in thousands,
except per share amounts        2001                 2000                 1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Earnings:
     As Reported             $49,997              $58,743              $16,010
     Pro Forma                47,691               56,485               14,123
Earnings per share of
 common stock:
Basic: As Reported             $2.03                $2.35                $0.59
       Pro Forma                1.93                 2.26                 0.52
Diluted: As Reported            2.01                 2.35                 0.59
         Pro Forma              1.92                 2.26                 0.52
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively: risk-free
interest rates of 5.2%, 5.9% and 5.9%; expected dividend yields of 2.3%, 2.9%
and 2.0%; expected lives of 6.0 years; expected volatility of 35%, 35% and 33%.
The weighted average fair value of the options granted in 2001, 2000 and 1999
was $6.77, $5.12 and $5.89, respectively.

>> 6

Operating Leases

The Corporation leases a variety of assets used in its operations including
manufacturing facilities, warehouses, office space, office equipment,
automobiles and trucks. Annual rentals amounted to $22,338,869, $18,733,000 and
$13,819,000 in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Minimum rental commitments for
the years 2002 through 2006 aggregate $18,465,000, $16,507,000, $13,896,000,
$9,905,000 and $7,816,000, respectively, and $28,496,000, thereafter.

                                                           2001 Annual Report 31
<PAGE>
>> 7

Restructuring Charge

In the second quarter of 1999, the Corporation recorded a restructuring charge,
including related asset writedowns, of $55.0 million ($38.5 million, after tax).
The restructuring primarily involved the Corporation's print segment and
resulted in three facility closings and the elimination of certain
under-performing business assets. The restructuring also resulted in workforce
reductions of approximately 650 employees (350 employees at the three facilities
closed) and the writedown of certain long-lived assets, including goodwill.

With the exception of continued lease payments for certain of the closed
facilities, all restructuring actions were substantially completed in 2000.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Details of the restructuring charge are as follows (in thousands):
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     Original
                                                 Restructuring     Used in    Used in   Used in     Year-End
Dollars in thousands                                    Charge        1999       2000      2001      Balance
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>           <C>
Writedown of intangible assets, including goodwill     $15,600    $(15,600)  $     --   $    --       $   --
Writedown of tangible assets                            15,300     (15,300)        --        --           --
Lease termination payments                              11,500      (2,764)    (1,940)   (1,318)       5,478
Employee severance and termination benefits              8,300      (6,588)    (1,712)       --           --
Other facility exit costs                                4,300      (2,799)    (1,501)       --           --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                                  $55,000    $(43,051)   $(5,153)  $(1,318)      $5,478
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
>> 8

Employee Benefit Plans

The Corporation and its unions have several pension plans covering substantially
all employees. The plans are non-contributory and benefits are based on an
employee's years of service and earnings. The Corporation makes contributions to
the qualified plans each year, at least equal to the minimum required
contributions as defined by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)
of 1974. The Corporation also maintains a non-qualified supplemental retirement
plan, which is not funded.

The Corporation and its subsidiaries also provide non-contractual limited
healthcare benefits for certain retired employees. The program provides for
defined initial contributions by the Corporation toward the cost of
postretirement healthcare coverage. The balance of the cost is borne by the
retirees. The program provides that increases in the Corporation's contribution
toward coverage will not exceed 4% per year. Due to the terms of the
Corporation's postretirement healthcare program, assumed healthcare cost rate
trends do not affect the Corporation's costs.

Net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs for the
Corporation-sponsored plans, were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Pension Benefits                   Other Benefits
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2001       2000       1999      2001       2000     1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
Service cost-benefits earned during the year    $   6,042  $   5,431    $ 5,794    $1,141    $   990   $1,144
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation       7,349      6,897      6,442     1,032        879      855
Expected return on plan assets                    (10,814)   (10,027)    (9,015)       --         --       --
Amortization of prior service cost                    448        448        443        26         26       26
Amortization of transition obligation (asset)        (346)      (394)      (394)      255        255      255
Amortization of net gain                           (1,014)    (1,068)       (96)       --        (29)      --
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension and other benefits expense          $   1,665  $   1,287    $ 3,174    $2,454     $2,121   $2,280
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

32 Banta Corporation
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Significant assumptions used in determining net pension and postretirement benefit expense for the Corporation's
plans are as follows:
<CAPTION>
                                                         Pension Benefits                   Other Benefits
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2001       2000       1999      2001       2000     1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
Discount Rate                                        7.50%      7.75%      7.00%     7.50%      7.75%    7.00%
Expected rate of increase in compensation             4.0        4.0        4.0        --         --       --
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets      9.5        9.5        9.5        --         --       --
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
All of the Corporation's pension plans, except the supplemental retirement plan,
have assets in excess of the accumulated benefit obligation. The projected
benefit obligation and accumulated benefit obligation for the supplemental
retirement plan were $11,715,000 and $8,873,000 in 2001, respectively, and
$10,230,000 and $6,647,000 in 2000, respectively. Plan assets for the funded
plans include commingled funds, marketable equity securities and corporate and
government debt securities. The following table presents a reconciliation of the
funded status of the plans using an assumed discount rate of 7.25% at December
29, 2001 and 7.50% at December 30, 2000:
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Pension Benefits      Other Benefits
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                                                       2001      2000       2001     2000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Change in benefit obligation:
<S>                                                                    <C>       <C>         <C>      <C>
Benefit obligation at beginning of year                                $103,419  $ 91,724    $13,606  $12,553
Service cost                                                              6,042     5,431      1,141      990
Interest cost                                                             7,349     6,897      1,032      879
Change in assumptions                                                       763     3,613      1,104     (454)
Participants' contributions                                                  --        --        442      362
Plan amendments                                                              --        81         --       --
Benefits paid                                                            (4,460)   (4,327)      (887)    (724)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        113,113   103,419     16,438   13,606
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year                          116,528   115,192         --       --
Actual return on plan assets                                             (3,072)    5,288         --       --
Employer contributions                                                      358       375        445      362
Participants' contributions                                                  --        --        442      362
Benefits paid                                                            (4,460)   (4,327)      (887)    (724)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        109,354   116,528         --       --
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Plan assets less than (in excess of) benefit obligation                   3,759   (13,109)    16,438   13,606
Unrecognized net gain                                                     7,753    23,416          2    1,105
Unrecognized prior service cost                                          (1,877)   (2,325)      (402)    (428)
Unrecognized net asset (obligation)                                         207       553     (2,800)  (3,055)
Adjustment required to recognize minimum liability                        1,200       158         --      --
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued pension cost (included in other non-current liabilities)      $  11,042   $ 8,693    $13,238  $11,228
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intangible asset recognized in Consolidated Balance Sheets            $   1,200   $   158    $    --  $    --
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Approximately 28% of the Corporation's non-salaried employees are covered by
multi-employer union-sponsored, collectively bargained defined benefit pension
plans. Pension expense includes $2,406,000, $2,406,000 and $2,628,000 in 2001,
2000 and 1999, respectively, attributable to the multi-employer plans. These
costs are determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated labor
contacts.

The Corporation has established an Incentive Savings Plan (401k) for
substantially all of its non-bargaining unit employees. Employee contributions
are partially matched by the Corporation in accordance with criteria set forth
in the plan. Matching contributions charged to earnings for 2001, 2000 and 1999
were $2,779,000, $2,863,000 and $2,832,000, respectively.

                                                          2001 Annual Report 33
<PAGE>
>> 9

Capital Stock

In April 1998 the Board of Directors authorized a program for the repurchase of
$60 million of common stock. This program was expanded in October 1998 for the
repurchase of an additional $50 million of common stock. During 1999, 2,572,400
shares were repurchased under this authority for an aggregate cost of
$58,342,000. In December 1999 this program was expanded for the repurchase of an
additional $100 million of common stock. During 2000, an additional 1,261,100
shares were repurchased under the authority for an aggregate cost of
$24,024,000. No shares were repurchased during 2001.

Prior to the second quarter of 1999, all of the repurchased shares were
canceled. Beginning April 4, 1999, the Corporation's repurchases of outstanding
common stock were recorded as treasury stock. At December 29, 2001, the
Corporation held 3,144,400 shares of its common stock in treasury. These shares
may be reissued pursuant to the Corporation's stock option plans or for other
purposes.

Pursuant to the Corporation's Shareholder Rights Plan, which was modified on
November 5, 2001, one common stock purchase right is included with each
outstanding share of common stock. In the event the rights become exercisable,
each right will initially entitle its holder to buy one-half of one share of the
Corporation's common stock at a price of $140 per share (equivalent to $70 per
one-half share), subject to adjustment. The rights will become exercisable if a
person or group acquires 15% or more of the Corporation's common stock or
announces a tender offer for 15% or more of the common stock. Upon the
occurrence of certain events, including a person, or group, acquiring 15% or
more of the Corporation's common stock, each right will entitle the holder to
purchase, at the right's then-current exercise price, common stock of the
Corporation or, depending on the circumstances, common stock of the acquiring
corporation having a market value of twice such exercise price. The rights may
be redeemed by the Corporation at a price of $.001 per right at any time prior
to the rights becoming exercisable or prior to their expiration in November
2011, subject to amendment.
<PAGE>
>> 10

Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes consists of the following:

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                                 2001      2000       1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current:
  Federal                                         $26,853   $24,881    $18,852
  State                                             5,226     6,577      5,465
  Foreign                                           3,235     2,225      2,824
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   35,314    33,683     27,141
Deferred                                           (3,114)    4,217     (8,541)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Provision for income taxes                        $32,200   $37,900    $18,600
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Below is a reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate and the
effective income tax rate:
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2001      2000       1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Statutory federal tax rate                           35.0%     35.0%      35.0%
Foreign rate differential                            (4.1)     (1.5)        --
Subsidiary basis adjustment                            --        --        7.9
State and local income taxes,
  less applicable federal tax benefit                 4.5       4.7        5.6
Amortization of nondeductible goodwill                 .6        .5        2.3
Other, net                                            3.2        .5        2.9
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective income tax rate                            39.2%     39.2%      53.7%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Temporary differences which give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities
at December 29, 2001, and December 30, 2000, are as follows:

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                                 2001      2000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net current deferred tax assets:
 Vacation accrual                               $   3,615  $  3,533
 Other accrued liabilities                          8,207     9,851
 Reserve for uncollectible accounts                 2,510     2,437
 Other                                              1,826       249
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net current deferred tax assets                  $ 16,158  $ 16,070
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net long-term deferred tax liabilities:
 Accelerated depreciation                        $(28,010) $(27,909)
 Deductible goodwill amortization                  (1,512)   (1,541)
 Accrued pension cost                               4,426     3,685
 Accrued postretirement benefit cost                5,423     4,429
 Deferred compensation                              3,179     2,387
 Other                                             (4,586)   (5,157)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net long-term deferred tax liabilities           $(21,080) $(24,106)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

34 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
No United States deferred taxes have been provided on the undistributed foreign
subsidiary earnings which aggregated $27,735,000 at December 29, 2001, and are
considered permanently invested. If undistributed earnings were remitted, tax
credits would substantially offset any resulting domestic tax liability.

The non-United States component of income before income taxes was $20,996,000,
$10,260,000 and $6,730,000 in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

>> 11

Contingencies

The Corporation is involved in various claims, including those related to
environmental matters, and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. In
the opinion of management, the ultimate liability, if any, for these claims and
lawsuits beyond any reserves already provided, will not have a material adverse
effect on the consolidated statements of earnings of the Corporation.

>> 12

Segment Information

The Corporation operates in two primary business segments, print and
supply-chain management, with other business operations in healthcare products.
The print segment provides products, including digital imaging, and services to
publishers of educational and general books, and special-interest magazines, and
is a supplier of consumer and business catalogs, and direct marketing materials.
The supply-chain management segment provides product assembly, testing,
fulfillment and product localization services primarily to technology companies
in North America, Europe and Asia. The healthcare products business is primarily
engaged in the production of disposable products used in outpatient clinics,
dental offices and hospitals.

These operations are strategic business units that service different markets and
offer different products and services. The accounting policies of the segments
are the same as those described in the Summary of Accounting Policies. The
Corporation evaluates performance based on earnings from operations. Summarized
segment data for 2001, 2000 and 1999 are as follows:
<PAGE>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                          2001         2000          1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET SALES
Printing                                $1,009,047   $1,100,213    $  997,150
Supply-chain management                    345,865      335,772       213,397
Healthcare                                 103,023      101,744       104,731
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                   $1,457,935   $1,537,729    $1,315,278
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
Printing                                $   59,447   $   60,942    $   59,213
Supply-chain management                      9,732        8,379         3,532
Healthcare                                   4,749        4,688         4,370
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total(1)                                $   73,928   $   74,009    $   67,115
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS(2)
Printing                                $   93,778   $  106,196    $   93,410
Supply-chain management                     24,683       20,698        10,308
Healthcare                                   9,549        7,243        14,992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                   $  128,010   $  134,137    $  118,710
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL ASSETS
Printing                                $  530,769   $  604,454    $  562,677
Supply-chain management                    151,867      163,046       114,296
Healthcare                                  66,596       74,054        72,160
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                   $  749,232   $  841,554    $  749,133
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
Printing                                $   41,146   $   65,264    $   65,656
Supply-chain management                      5,933       11,421        13,946
Healthcare                                   1,616        1,430         3,595
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total(1)                                $   48,695   $   78,115    $   83,197
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 Difference between segment total and the total included in the consolidated
financial statements is unallocated corporate headquarter amounts.
2 Earnings from operations for 1999 exclude a restructuring
charge (see Note 7) of $55.0 million.

                                                           2001 Annual Report 35
<PAGE>
The following table presents a reconciliation of certain segment information to
the totals contained in the Consolidated Financial Statements:

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                          2001         2000          1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings from operations:
Reportable segment earnings               $128,010     $134,137      $118,710
Unallocated corporate expenses             (19,601)     (19,344)      (15,340)
Restructuring charge                            --           --       (55,000)
Interest expense                           (13,720)     (16,754)      (12,362)
Write-off of investment                    (12,500)          --            --
Other income (expense)                           8       (1,396)       (1,398)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings before income taxes             $  82,197     $ 96,643     $  34,610
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets:
Reportable segment assets                 $749,232     $841,554      $749,133
Intergroup receivable elimination             (330)        (378)       (1,405)
Other unallocated amounts1                  39,144       13,348        25,616
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated total assets                 $788,046     $854,524      $773,344
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 Prior to 2000, deferred tax assets were included in the "other unallocated
amounts." In 2001, "other unallocated amounts" included $28.0 million of cash
and short-term investments.

Summarized geographic data for the Corporation's operations for 2001, 2000 and
1999 are as follows (net sales are attributed to countries primarily based on
location of operation):

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands                          2001         2000          1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales:
United States                           $1,244,783   $1,358,233    $1,153,779
Ireland                                    105,368       89,467        91,423
Other foreign countries                    107,784       90,029        70,076
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        $1,457,935   $1,537,729    $1,315,278
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets:
United States                          $   678,322   $  758,512    $  697,814
Ireland                                     71,240       50,705        48,346
Other foreign countries                     38,484       45,307        27,184
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $   788,046   $  854,524    $  773,344
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
Unaudited Quarterly Financial Information
<TABLE>
The following table presents financial information by quarter for the years 2001 and 2000.
<CAPTION>
                                                  Quarter Ended          Quarter Ended       Quarter Ended       Quarter Ended
                                                      March                  June               September           December
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands (except per share data)    2001       2000       2001       2000       2001       2000       2001       2000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales                                   $372,777   $341,534   $337,396   $358,592   $376,615   $417,395   $371,147   $420,208
Gross earnings                                67,396     66,507     71,940     74,491     78,444     86,875     80,333     82,602
Net earnings                                   2,632*     9,894     12,471     12,644     18,748     19,247     16,146     16,958
Basic earnings per share                         .11*       .39        .51        .50        .76        .78        .65        .69
Diluted earnings per share                       .11*       .39        .50        .50        .75        .78        .65        .69
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*First quarter 2001 results of operations include a non-cash write-off of the investment in XYAN.com of $7.5
million, after tax ($.30 per common share).
</TABLE>

Dividend Record and Market Prices

                               First    Second     Third     Fourth   Entire
Per Share of Common Stock    Quarter   Quarter   Quarter    Quarter     Year
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2001 dividends paid          $   .15   $   .15   $   .15    $   .16   $  .61
Price range:
  High                        $27.39    $29.68    $30.92     $30.23   $30.92
  Low                          22.93     24.43     25.31      26.80    22.93
2000 dividends paid          $   .15   $   .15   $   .15    $   .15   $  .60
Price range:
  High                        $22.19    $19.92    $24.44     $25.37   $25.37
  Low                          17.56     18.00     18.19      21.00    17.56
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The stock prices listed above are the high and low trades. As of January 28,
2002, the Corporation had 1,898 shareholders of record.

36 Banta Corporation
<PAGE>
Report of Independent Public Accountants

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BANTA CORPORATION:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Banta
Corporation (a Wisconsin corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 29, 2001,
and December 30, 2000, and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the
three-year period ended December 29, 2001. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Banta Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 29, 2001, and December 30, 2000, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the
three-year period ended December 29, 2001, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.

/s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

Arthur Andersen LLP
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
January 28, 2002


Responsibility for Financial Statements

The Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial references appearing
in this Annual Report were prepared by management in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles appropriate for the circumstances. Where
acceptable alternative accounting principles exist, as described in Note 1 of
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, management uses its best
judgment in selecting those principles that reflect fairly the financial
position and results of operations of the Corporation. The accounting records
and systems of internal control are designed to reflect the transactions of the
Corporation in accordance with established policies and procedures. Financial
and operational reviews are undertaken by management to provide assurance that
the books and records properly reflect transactions authorized by the
Corporation.

The Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report have been
audited by Arthur Andersen LLP. Its audits were made in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States and provide an independent
review of those management responsibilities that relate to the preparation of
this Annual Report. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, comprised of
directors who are not officers or employees, reviews the financial and
accounting reports of the Corporation, including a review and discussion of the
principles and procedures used by management in preparation of the financial
statements.

The independent auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee and
meet with it to review the results of the audit engagement, the preparation of
the Annual Report and to discuss auditing and financial reporting matters.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>pdm288f.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<TABLE>
                                                                                        EXHIBIT 21
                        SUBSIDIARIES OF BANTA CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
                                                  OWNERSHIP BY
                                                BANTA CORPORATION             STATE OR JURISDICTION
                                                 OR ONE OF ITS                  OF INCORPORATION
LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES                              SUBSIDIARIES                   OR ORGANIZATION
- --------------------                            -----------------                ---------------
<S>                                                   <C>                    <C>
Banta Direct Marketing, Inc.                          100%                       Minnesota
Banta Europe BV                                       100%                    The Netherlands
Banta Healthcare Group, Ltd.                          100%                       Wisconsin
Banta Security Printing, Inc.                         100%                       Wisconsin
Banta Global Turnkey B.V.                             100%                    The Netherlands
Banta Global Turnkey Ltd.                             100%                        Ireland
Banta Global Turnkey Ltd.                             100%                       Scotland
Banta Packaging & Fulfillment, Inc.                   100%                       Wisconsin
Banta Specialty Converting, Inc.                      100%                       Wisconsin
Danbury Printing & Litho, Inc.                        100%                       Minnesota
KnowledgeSet Corporation                              100%                      California
Banta Integrated Media - Cambridge, Inc               100%                     Massachusetts
United Graphics Inc.                                  100%                      Washington
Wrapper, Inc.                                         100%                       Wisconsin
Banta Publications-Greenfield, Inc.                   100%                         Ohio
Banta Direct Marketing-Berkeley, Inc.                 100%                       Minnesota
Omnia I, Inc.                                         100%                       Delaware
Meadows Information Systems, Inc.                     100%                       Wisconsin
Greenfield Holdings Corp.                             100%                     Pennsylvania
Banta Cayman Islands Corp.                            100%                    Cayman Islands
Type Designs, Inc.                                    100%                        Georgia
Ad Run Around, Inc.                                   100%                        Georgia
Banta Holding Corp.                                   100%                       Wisconsin
Banta Hong Kong,Ltd.                                  100%                       Hong Kong
Banta Global Turnkey (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.            100%                       Singapore
Banta Canada Ltd.                                     100%                        Canada
Banta Southeastern, Inc.                              100%                       Tennessee
Banta Finance Corporation                             100%                       Minnesota
Banta Global Turnkey - Guadalajara Sde RL de CV       100%                        Mexico
BGT Services, Guadalajara Sde RL de CV                100%                        Mexico
BGT - US, LLC                                         100%                       Wisconsin
Banta Global Turnkey, Ltd.                            100%                   Texas Partnership
Banta DCM, Inc.                                       100%                       Wisconsin
Banta G. Imagen, S. de R.L. de C.V.                    50%                        Mexico
Morgan Impresores                                      30%                         Chile
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>pdm288g.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT
<TEXT>


                                                                      Exhibit 23

Consent of Independent Public Accountants



As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of our
reports, included and incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, into Banta
Corporation's previously filed Registration Statements on Form S-8, File Nos.
33-40036, 33-54576, 33-61683 and 33-01289, 333-35530, and 333-68604 and Form
S-3, File No. 33-55829.


/s/ Arthur Andersen LLP
ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


Milwaukee, Wisconsin
March 20, 2002

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>pdm288h.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMPANY REPRESENTATION
<TEXT>

                         [BANTA CORPORATION LETTERHEAD]



U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Judiciary Plaza
Washington, D.C. 20549

Ladies and Gentlemen:

          In a letter dated March 20, 2002, our independent public accountants,
Arthur Andersen LLP ("Andersen"), represented to us that their audit of the
consolidated financial statements of Banta Corporation and subsidiaries as of
December 29, 2001 and for the year then ended was subject to Andersen's quality
control system for the U.S. accounting and auditing practice to provide
reasonable assurance that their engagement was conducted in compliance with
professional standards and that there was appropriate continuity of Andersen
personnel working on the audit, availability of national office consultation and
availability of personnel at foreign affiliates of Andersen to conduct the
relevant portions of the audit.




BANTA CORPORATION


By: /s/ Gerald A. Henseler
   -----------------------------------
        Gerald A. Henseler
        Executive Vice President


March 25, 2002

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
