-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KOM9HYP/ln4bsbCnH6jy0+0fVkVYOnvw9dxr4qHTNTCwCtRRFA1k4Ga7+CbnQdJT
 /pAojE6jYoUgIju73F84Ag==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950152-96-001329.txt : 19960402
<SEC-HEADER>0000950152-96-001329.hdr.sgml : 19960402
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-96-001329
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960401
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGENCY AFFILIATES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099249
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE SURFACE MINING [1221]
		IRS NUMBER:				720888772
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07949
		FILM NUMBER:		96543284

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10842 OLD MILL RD
		STREET 2:		STE 5
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4023307460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10842 OLD MILL RD
		STREET 2:		STE 5
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68154

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSCONTINENTAL ENERGY CORP/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880417

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSCONTINENTAL OIL CORP/NEW/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19810820

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSCONTINENTAL ENERGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19800609
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>REGENCY AFFILIATES   10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                   FORM 10-K

                X  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995 COMMISSION FILE NO. 1-4766

                            REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


           Delaware                                     72-0888772
           --------                                     ----------
   (State or other jurisdiction of                    (IRS Employer
   incorporation or organization)                 Identification Number)

    381 Robinwood Lane, Wheaton, IL                         60187
   --------------------------------------                   -----
  (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

   10842 Old Mill Road, # 5, Omaha, Nebraska                68154
   -----------------------------------------                -----
  (Address of administrative offices)                     (Zip Code)

Registrant's Telephone Number (executive office), including Area Code:
(708-690-8684)

Registrant's Telephone Number (administrative office), including Area Code:
(402-330-8750)


          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT:


                                                  Name of Each Exchange on Which
                                                  ------------------------------
     Title of Each Class                                   Registered
     -------------------                                   ----------

Common Stock, $0.40 Par Value                                 None


          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT.

              ________________________ None  _____________________
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
<PAGE>   2
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                  Yes   X                            No 
                     -------                            -------

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K.   [ ]

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant was $3,729,100   on December 31, 1995, which value has been computed
on the basis of $0.46 per share of Common Stock, the mean of the bid and asked
price as reported on the bulletin board section of NASDAQ on December 29, 1995.

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's $.40 Par Value Common
Stock, as of December 31, 1995 was 11,166,537.


DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (See Exhibit Listing).





           (The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.)
<PAGE>   3
                                   FORM 1O-K

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.

General development of business.

         Regency Affiliates, Inc. (the "Company" or "Regency" or the
"Registrant") formerly Transcontinental Energy Corporation, was organized as a
Delaware corporation in 1980 to be the successor to Transcontinental Oil
Corporation which existed since 1947.  In late 1984 and early 1985, the
Company, all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and twenty-one affiliated limited
partnerships, commenced reorganization proceedings pursuant to Chapter 11 of
the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended.

         Pursuant to two Plans of Reorganization which were completed December
31, 1987, all of the Company's assets, except for its ownership in
Transcontinental Drilling Company, Inc. ("Drilling") and all of the obligations
of the Company and of Drilling were transferred to a creditor liquidating
trust.  The Plans provided that the par value of the Company's Common Stock be
increased from $.10 per share to $.40 per share and that a 1 for 4 reverse
stock split be implemented.  An additional 747,500 shares of Common Stock
(approximately 20% of pro forma outstanding shares) were issued to the
creditor's liquidating trust.  In addition, the Company privately placed with a
group of investors (the "Original Investors") in 1987 approximately 24% of the
pro-forma outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company.

         During the year ended December 31, 1988, the Company, through
RegTransco, Inc. an 80% owned subsidiary ("RTI"), made two acquisitions.  On
June 3, 1988, RTI acquired all of the outstanding stock of Florida Truss, Inc.,
Gangnail of Palm Beach and Pinewood Lumber and Truss, Inc., collectively,
Florida Truss, Inc. ("Florida Truss"), which was involved in the manufacture of
wood trusses in the Fort Lauderdale and Palm Beach areas of Florida.  In
August, 1988, RTI acquired all of the outstanding stock of Willbanks Steel
Corporation ("Willbanks"), a steel fabricator and service center with locations
in Fort Worth and Houston, Texas and Albuquerque, New Mexico.

         In late 1988 and early 1989, the operating results of the two
subsidiaries began to deteriorate rapidly due to economic conditions, and other
matters affecting the Companies' operating areas. Management attempted to scale
down operations, reorganize operating management and secure additional capital
with only limited success resulting ultimately in the close down and
liquidation of the Florida operations and a Chapter XI bankruptcy filing for
the Willbanks' steel operations.

         As of April 15, 1992, the Willbanks Chapter XI proceedings had been
consummated in so far as the Company was concerned with the Company turning
over its stock investment in Willbanks to the Court and the creditors.  In
addition to the settlement in the Chapter XI proceedings, the Company





                                       3
<PAGE>   4
also reached a settlement agreement with its senior lenders with respect to
obligations, guarantees and other credit obligations incurred in connection
with the acquisition of Willbanks and its operations. These senior lender
settlements, which settlements also included credit obligations with respect to
the liquidation of the Florida Truss operations, resulted in the issuance by
the Company of a new series of preferred stock. The new series of preferred
stock (Series B) was limited to and issued only to the two senior lenders,
Washington Square Capital, Inc. and Cargill Financial Services Corporation.

         During 1990 the Company executed a stock subscription agreement with
an investor group for the sale of newly issued shares of the Company's Common
Stock (approximately 44% of the then outstanding shares on a fully diluted
basis).  As a condition of the consummation of this transaction, the Company
was required to restructure its then capital structure. Agreements were
consummated with various financial groups and creditors as their interests were
affected by the capital restructuring.  The transaction documents (which
documents included, among other things, a Promissory Note payable to the
Company in the amount of $4,400,000, executed by a nominee of  the investor
group) were closed to escrow on July 13, 1990.

         On July 25, 1990, the nominee of the investor group notified the
Company that in the investor group's opinion there had been a material adverse
change in the Company after July 13, 1990 and accordingly they were withdrawing
their investment, and the transaction terminated.

         The Company made further attempts to close the transaction but was
unsuccessful in its efforts.  The Company, through early 1991, attempted to
solicit other possible investors to take the place of the investor group.  It
became apparent that the Company's heavy debt capital structure, even after the
restructuring for the transaction, and the Willbanks' bankruptcy filing,
continued to be a deterrent to finding another investor group.  Due to the lack
of financial resources, and the likelihood that a transaction probably could
not be consummated given the present financial condition of the Company, the
Company announced in early 1991 that it probably would be unable to continue as
a going concern.

         In late March of 1991, at the request of the Company, certain of the
Original Investors who had participated in a 1987 private placement agreed to
provide certain limited funding in an attempt to preserve the Company's going
concern status.  These investors engaged the firm L.J. Horbach & Associates, of
which Larry J. Horbach is a principal of such firm, to review the financial
condition of the Company and prepare a plan to completely restructure the
Company ("The Restructuring Plan") and to attempt to locate a business
combination partner who could return the Company to a profitable operating
status and who could succeed to control of the Company upon completion of the
restructuring.  Mr. Horbach had tendered his resignation as an officer and
director of the Company as part of the 1990 transaction discussed earlier.

         The Restructuring Plan, which was submitted to all of the Original
Investors who had participated in the 1987 private placement, included the
following in general terms:





                                       4
<PAGE>   5
Objective -

         (i)     Elimination of all obligations and guarantees of the Company
                 through a formal compromise and settlement outside of a
                 bankruptcy filing proceeding.

         (ii)    Preservation of the Company's two primary economic assets, its
                 public shareholder base and its $50,000,000 plus net operating
                 loss carry forward.

         (iii)   Reinstatement of the Company into good standing with the
                 various regulatory agencies.

         (iv)    Location of a possible business combination partner who would
                 be able to succeed to control of the Company and be able to
                 utilize the net operating loss carry forward, thus creating
                 value for the Company's common shareholders.

Obligations Restructuring -

         (i)     The creditors were segregated by classes including, but not
                 limited to: the senior lenders; regulatory, "going concern"
                 and "good standing"; general unsecured creditors; and the
                 Willbanks Steel Corporation Chapter XI bankruptcy filing in so
                 far as the Company was affected by such filing.

         (ii)    The creditors were asked to compromise and settle the amounts
                 due from Regency by continuing to honor the settlements (as
                 outlined in the Company's 1989 Form 10-K) reached with the
                 Company in connection with the 1990 transaction and to
                 exchange the remaining portions of their obligations for
                 common and/or preferred equity of Regency.

         (iii)   Certain creditors, in addition to the above, were asked to
                 forgive portions of their obligations and the interest accrued
                 and accruing with respect thereto.

         Funding to implement the Restructuring Plan was provided by certain
investors and creditors who subscribed to an offering of $400,000 of 11%
Restructuring Serial Promissory Notes (the "Restructuring Notes") issued by the
Company. In addition, the investors who participated in the Restructuring and
subscription for the Restructuring Notes held 260,037 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock which was convertible into approximately 1,381,000 shares of
common.  In contemplation of the National Resource Development Corporation
transaction herein described (the "1993 Transaction"), the investors converted
the Series A preferred stock.

         The Registrant entered into an Agreement for Acquisition dated
December 12, 1992 (the "1992 Agreement") with National Resource Development
Corporation (Delaware) of Iron Mountain, Michigan and affiliated companies.
The Agreement provided for the acquisition of 80% of the





                                       5
<PAGE>   6
outstanding stock of National Resource Development Corporation (Delaware) in
exchange for securities of the Registrant and its subsidiary.  National
Resource Development Corporation (Delaware) was the owner of 75 million short
tons of previously quarried and piled aggregate rock located at the site of the
Groveland Mine in Iron Mountain, Michigan (the "Aggregate"). Under the 1992
Agreement, the following securities were to be issued by Regency and its wholly
owned subsidiary:

         (i)     888,500 newly issued shares of Regency's participating, non
                 voting, cumulative,  senior preferred stock with a stated
                 value of $10.00 per share and carrying a contingent conversion
                 right (Series-C).

         (ii)    $11,120,000 of 9% secured promissory notes, comprised of
                 $5,560,000 of adjustable convertible notes of Regency, and
                 $5,560,000 of 5-year amortized notes of Regency's wholly owned
                 subsidiary.

         (iii)   2,700,000 shares of Regency Common Stock.

         The 1992 Agreement provided that if it was not closed by December 31,
1992, it would become null and void.  While the parties informally extended the
closing deadline, the transaction was unable to close in a timely fashion.  The
Registrant continued negotiations with National Resource Development
Corporation (Delaware) and its affiliated companies ending in a second
Acquisition Agreement in June 1993.

         On June 4, 1993, the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement
with Statesman Group, Inc., a Bahamian international business corporation
("Statesman"), and National Resource Development Corporation (Delaware) (the
"Acquisition Agreement"), which provided for Statesman or its nominees to
acquire 2,975,000 shares of the Company's $0.40 par value Common Stock, 208,850
shares of the Company's Cumulative $100 Series-C Preferred stock and 20% of the
outstanding shares of Transcontinental Drilling Co., a subsidiary of the
Company.  Statesman undertook to deliver to the Company 80% of the issued and
outstanding common shares of National Resource Development Corporation
(Delaware).

         The scheduled closing of July 6, 1993 under the Acquisition Agreement
was deferred to July 7, 1993.  At that time various modifications were made to
the June 4, 1993 Acquisition Agreement, including the substitution of National
Resource Development Corporation ("NRDC"), a Nevada corporation formed on June
29, 1993 for National Resource Development Corporation (Delaware), which newly
formed corporation was wholly owned by Statesman and acquired title to the
Aggregate.  On July 7, 1993, 2,975,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock,
208,850 shares of the Company's Cumulative $100 Series-C Preferred stock and
20% of the outstanding shares of Transcontinental Drilling Co. were delivered
to Statesman.  Statesman has the right to transfer some or all of these shares
to its nominees.  Immediately following the closing, the Company had
outstanding 10,336,997 common shares outstanding of which those issued to
Statesman represented





                                       6
<PAGE>   7
approximately 28.8%.  On July 7, 1993, Statesman designated eight (8) persons
to fill existing vacancies on the Board of Directors of the Company.  Statesman
designated Edward G. Harshfield, Donald A. Saviano, Stephanie Carey, Craig R.
Grossman, Robert L. Brock, William R.  Ponsoldt, Jr., Martin J. Craffey and
Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.  The appointments were made by the sole acting director to
fill the vacancies until their successors are duly elected and qualified.  Mr.
Larry J. Horbach remained a director and became interim Secretary and Treasurer
until his resignation effective February 15, 1994.  On November 16, 1994, Mr.
Horbach rejoined the Board of Directors of Regency Affiliates, Inc. when he was
again appointed to fill an existing vacancy.

         Statesman, in addition to receiving the rights to 28.8% of the
Company's Common Stock in the 1993 Transaction, received irrevocable proxies
over 855,991 shares of Regency's $0.40 par value Common Stock which, when
combined with the 2,644,710 shares of Regency Common Stock owned directly by
Statesman as of December 31, 1995, entitled Statesman to vote a total of
3,500,701 shares, or approximately 31.3% of the 11,166,537 outstanding shares
as of December 31, 1995.


PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS AND RELATED INFORMATION

         Reference is made to Item 1 herein. As the Florida Truss operations
were closed and liquidated, and the Company turned over its investment in
Willbanks within the Willbanks bankruptcy proceedings to the creditors and does
not plan to own and operate the businesses in the future, additional disclosure
concerning them would not be meaningful.

                                      NRDC

         NRDC has as its sole asset 75 million short tons of previously
quarried and stock piled rock located at the site of the Groveland Mine in
Dickinson County, Michigan.  During the year ended December 31, 1995, NRDC made
only casual sales of Aggregate, and, since NRDC lacks any liquid assets to
support marketing efforts, there can be no assurance that NRDC will be able to
secure material sales of the Aggregate in the future.

         Aggregate is primarily sold for railroad ballast, road construction,
construction along shore lines and decorative uses. The market for aggregate
stone is highly competitive and, as shipping costs are high, the majority of
sales, if any, can be anticipated to be made locally.  Other companies that
produce rock and aggregate products are located in the same region as the
Groveland Mine.  Many of the competitors will have greater financial and
personnel resources than the Company.  As a consequence, there can be no
assurance that NRDC will be able to consummate sales of material amounts of its
Aggregate.





                                       7
<PAGE>   8
           SECURITY LAND AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

         On November 18, 1994, Regency Affiliates, Inc. acquired a limited
partnership interest in Security Land And Development Company Limited
Partnership (the "Partnership") for an equity investment of $350,000, which
investment was used to pay brokerage fees related to Regency's purchase of its
interest in the Partnership.  Regency has no obligation to make any further
capital contribution to the Partnership.  The Partnership owns the 34.3 acre
complex at 1500 Woodlawn Drive, Woodlawn, MD containing the Security West
Buildings consisting of a two-story office building and a connected six-story
office tower occupied by the United States Social Security Administration
Office of Disability and International Operations under a nine year lease
expiring October 31, 2003 (the "Lease").  The buildings have a net rentable
area of approximately 717,011 square feet.  The construction of the Security
West Buildings was completed in 1972 and the building has been occupied by the
Social Security Administration since 1972 under prior leases between the U.S.
Government and the Partnership.

         During 1994, the Partnership completed the placement of a $56,450,000
non-recourse project note, due November 15, 2003, issued by the Partnership.
The placement of the project note was undertaken by the issuance of 7.90%
certificates of participation and was underwritten by Dillon Read & Co., Inc.
The net proceeds received from the sale of the certificates have or are being
used to refinance existing debt of the Partnership related to the project, to
finance certain alterations to the project by the Partnership, to fund certain
reserves and to pay costs of the project note issue.  The project note is a
non-recourse obligation of the Partnership and is payable solely from the Lease
payments from the U.S. Government, which rental payments under the Lease are
not subject to annual appropriation by the United States Congress and
accordingly, the obligations to make such payments are unconditional general
obligations of the government backed by the full faith and credit of the United
States.  The  payments under the Lease consist of base rent, maintenance rent,
additional base rent, additional maintenance rent and the government tax
reimbursement amount.  The base rent, maintenance rent and additional base rent
are fixed amounts and are not subject to adjustment.  The base rent and the
additional base rent together constitute the finance rent, which will be
utilized to pay principal and interest on the project note, certain real estate
taxes and costs of insurance and other reserves.

         The terms of the Security Land And Development Company Limited
Partnership Agreement (as amended) and the project note (which note will be
fully amortized over the term of the lease) call for Regency Affiliates, Inc.
to be allocated 95% of the profits and losses of the Partnership until October
31, 2003, and 50% thereafter.  Regency is to receive certain limited cash flow
after debt service, and a contingent equity build-up depending upon the value
of the project upon termination of the Lease.

          The transaction with Security Land And Development Company Limited
Partnership provides for the Company to receive management fees equaling
$100,000 per annum, which funds should be available as working capital.





                                       8
<PAGE>   9
         As of December 31, 1995, Regency Affiliates, Inc. had as its sole
employees, Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D., the Company's President and Eunice M.  Antosh,
the Company's Secretary. Both were employed by the Company on a part time
basis.  Dr. Kelly was elected as the Company's interim President following the
resignation of Craig R. Grossman and has focused her efforts on the search for
a chief executive officer.  Dr. Kelly resigned on February 1, 1996 in
connection with the election on that date of Gary K. Nuttall as President of
Regency Affiliates, Inc.

         Financial information about industry segment & Narrative description
of business.

         Because of Regency Affiliates, Inc.'s lack of operations during the
last three fiscal years, information about industry segments is not provided.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

         As of December 31, 1995, NRDC owned approximately 75 million short
tons of Aggregate located at the site of the Groveland Mine in Dickinson
County, Michigan.  The Groveland Mine is an iron ore mine that was shut down in
1981 by a former owner and operator, M.A. Hanna Company.  The mine was acquired
by International Aggregate Corporation in December, 1989.  Subsequent thereto,
International Aggregate Corporation transferred title to the Aggregate to
National Resource Development Corporation (Delaware), NRDC's predecessor.

         The 75 million short tons of Aggregate is commingled with other
aggregate not owned by NRDC and is rock that was separated from iron ore during
previous mining operations.  The ownership of the Aggregate is subject to a
Royalty Agreement between North American Demolition Company (International
Aggregate Corporation's predecessor in title) and M.A. Hanna Company dated
December 22, 1989, as amended, which requires the payment of certain royalties
to M.A. Hanna Company upon sales of Aggregate.  The Aggregate has been pledged
to secure loans made to Regency Affiliates, Inc. by Statesman Group, Inc. and
to secure repayment of certain Zero Coupon Non-Recourse Secured Bonds due
January 1, 2002 issued by National Resource Development Corporation (Delaware).
At December 31, 1995, Bonds having a face value at maturity of $542,000 had
been issued by National Resource Development Corporation (Delaware).  While a
general market for aggregate exists, the Company currently lacks the resources
required to make sales of material amounts of the aggregate.

         Reference is made to Item 1, Business, page 3 of this report, for a
description of the  Security West Building at 1500 Woodlawn Drive, Woodlawn,
MD, which property is owned by Security Land And Development Company Limited
Partnership.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS





                                       9
<PAGE>   10
         There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company
is a party.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters were submitted to the vote of security holders during the
quarter ending December 31, 1995.


                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS'
MATTERS

         Market information.

         Regency's Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market on the
bulletin board section of NASDAQ. The following table sets forth the high and
low bid prices for each calendar quarter during the last two fiscal years of
the Company. The bid quotations represent interdealer prices and do not include
retail markups, mark-downs or commissions. The prices indicated may not reflect
the actual market for substantial quantities of the Company's Common Stock. As
of December 31, 1995, Regency estimated that the outstanding shares were held
by an estimated 4,000 shareholders.


         Year Ended                        
         ----------                        ($)                      ($)
         December 31, 1994                 High                     Low
                                           ----                     ---

         First Quarter                     13/16                    1/8
         Second Quarter                    7/16                     1/8
         Third Quarter                     11/16                    1/8
         Fourth Quarter                    3/4                      1/4


         Year Ended                        
         ----------                        ($)                      ($)
         December 31, 1995                 High                     Low
                                           ----                     ---

         First Quarter                     11/16                    1/4
         Second Quarter                    9/16                     1/4
         Third Quarter                     7/16                     1/8
         Fourth Quarter                    13/32                    1/8





                                       10
<PAGE>   11
         The  Company has not paid or declared cash dividends on its Common
Stock during the last two fiscal years of the since the Company has had
inadequate earnings and resources to fund the payment of cash dividends on its
Common Stock.  The Company has no present intention to pay cash dividends on
its Common Stock in the future.

         In early 1990, Continental Illinois National Bank & Trust of Chicago
("Continental") resigned as the Company's registrar and transfer agent because
of the Company's inability to pay Continental for services performed.  The
records were forwarded to the Company and the Company has since assumed the
record keeping responsibility until such time as the Company has the funds to
secure the services of an independant transfer agent.  As of December 31, 1995,
and the date of this report, such record keeping services were provided to the
Company by L.J.  Horbach & Associates.  On February 7, 1995, Regency
Affiliates, Inc. entered into an agreement with L.J. Horbach & Associates, Inc.
pursuant to which L.J. Horbach & Associates, Inc. will provide certain
administrative services to the Company for a monthly fee of $3,000, including
but not limited to accounting and stock transfer record keeping.  L.J. Horbach
& Associates, Inc. is wholly owned by Larry J. Horbach, a member of the Board
of Directors of the Company.

         Securities of the registrant.

         As of February 9, 1995, Regency Affiliates, Inc. had placed 57 Units
of a $350,000 minimum, $800,000 maximum offering of the Company's Cumulative
Convertible $100 Series-E Preferred Stock and $0.40 p.v. Common Stock.  The
securities were offered in 80 Units consisting of 88.5 shares in Cumulative
Convertible $100 Series-E Preferred Stock and 6,000 shares of the Common Stock
to accredited investors as defined in Regulation D for a cost of $10,000 per
unit.  The proceeds of the offering were used to cover operating cash flow
deficits.  Statesman Group, Inc. converted $20,000 of the debt owing to it by
the Company into two Units as part of the offering.



VOTING $0.40 PAR VALUE COMMON

         Regency Affiliates, Inc. has authorized 25,000,000 shares of its
voting $0.40 p.v. Common Stock.  Holders of the Common Stock are entitled to
one vote per share on matters submitted to shareholders for approval or upon
the election of directors.

CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE 7% PREFERRED $10 STATED VALUE SERIES-A STOCK - $0.10 PAR
VALUE

         All of the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of the Series-A
Preferred Stock were converted into 1,380,796 shares of the Company's $0.40
p.v. Common Stock prior to the 1993 Transaction.





                                       11
<PAGE>   12
CUMULATIVE CONTINGENT CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED $10 STATED VALUE SERIES-B STOCK -
$0.10 PAR VALUE

         By agreement and in settlement of the Senior Lenders' obligations as
part of the Company's Restructuring Plan, 212,747 shares of the Series-B
Preferred Stock were issued to Washington Square Capital and 158,000 shares to
Cargill Financial Services.  Such shares (370,747 in the aggregate) represent
100% of the shares of Series-B authorized, issued and outstanding.  Semi-annual
dividend periods commence on the 24th month from the consummation of an
"Initial Business Combination", as defined in the Certificate of Designation
for the Series-B Preferred Stock, and accrue for a period of 35 months without
cash payment.  Dividends accrue at the rate of 6% per annum.  The holders of
the Series-B Preferred Stock hold contingent rights to convert into Common
Stock exercisable on the earlier of the date that the Company (and its tax
consolidated subsidiaries) has accumulated consolidated taxable earnings of $55
Million, or the date that at least 80% in value of any convertible securities
of the Company, as adjusted in certain circumstances, issued in the Initial
Business Combination are retired or converted by the holders thereof.  The
Series-B shares carry a preference upon liquidation. Except in limited
circumstances, the Series-B shares carry no voting rights.  The Company has the
right to redeem the Series-B Preferred Stock, at any time.

CUMULATIVE SENIOR PREFERRED $100 STATED VALUE SERIES-C STOCK - $0.10 PAR VALUE

         On July 7, 1993, 208,850 shares of the Company's Cumulative Senior
Preferred $100 Series-C Stock were delivered to Statesman Group, Inc. as part
of the 1993 Transaction.   Such shares represent 100% of the  issued and
outstanding Series-C shares.  210,000 shares of the Series-C Preferred Stock
are authorized.  Quarterly dividend periods commenced on September 30, 1993 and
quarterly dividends per share are equal to 20%, not to exceed $500,000, of the
annual after tax earnings of NRDC, divided by the number of shares outstanding.
During the fiscal year ending December 31, 1995, with the consent of the holder
of the Series-C Preferred Stock, the contingent rights to convert the Series-C
Preferred Stock into Common Stock were eliminated.  The Series-C shares carry a
preference upon liquidation.  Except in limited circumstances, the Series-C
shares carry no voting rights.  The Company has the right to redeem the
Series-C Preferred Stock, at any time.

CUMULATIVE CONTINGENT CONVERTIBLE JUNIOR PREFERRED  $10 STATED VALUE SERIES-D
STOCK - $0.10 PAR VALUE

         The Series-D junior preferred shares were issued in exchange for the
serial restructuring promissory notes issued as part of Company's Restructuring
Plan. The total issued was 25,694 shares and was required by the Acquisition
Agreement as a condition to closing.  26,000 shares of the Series-D Preferred
Stock are authorized.  Annual dividend periods commenced on January 1, 1993.
Dividends accrue at the rate of 7% per annum.  The holders of the Series-D
Preferred Stock hold contingent rights to convert into Common Stock, but can
not convert until the Series-C Preferred Stock has been converted into Common
Stock, or with the consent of a majority of the holders of the Series-C
Preferred Stock.  The Series-D shares carry a preference upon liquidation.
Except in limited





                                       12
<PAGE>   13
circumstances, the Series-D shares carry no voting rights.  The Company has the
right to redeem the Series-D Preferred Stock, at any time.

SERIES-E CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK - $100 STATED VALUE - $0.10 PAR
VALUE

         Quarterly dividends on the Series-E Preferred Stock are cumulative
from the dates of original issue and are payable in cash or accrued at the
option of the Company.  The Series-E Preferred Stock carries the right to
receive an annual dividend of $12.50 per share.  Subject to certain conditions,
the Series-E Preferred Stock must be redeemed by the Company commencing on the
fifth anniversary from the date of issuance.  At any time after the second
anniversary of the date of issuance, the Company may redeem the shares at their
stated value plus accrued and unpaid dividends.  Holders of the Series-E
Preferred Stock, commencing on the second anniversary of the date of issuance,
have the right to convert their shares into a number  of shares of Common Stock
of the Company determined by dividing $1,000, plus accrued and unpaid
dividends, by a figure equal to 88% of the average bid price for Common Stock
for the 90 days previous to the date the Series-E stock is surrendered for
conversion.  Redemption of the Series-E shares by the Company will terminate
the conversion rights.  The Series-E shares carry a preference upon
liquidation. Except in limited circumstances, the Series-E shares carry no
voting rights.  As of December 31, 1995, 5,044.5 shares of the Series-E
Preferred Stock had been issued and remained outstanding.

REGTRANSCO, INC. OWNERSHIP

         RegTransco, Inc. (RTI) has two classes of outstanding common stock,
Class A and Class B. There are 20,000 shares of Class A common stock
outstanding, all of which are owned by Drilling (a wholly owned subsidiary of
Regency Affiliates, Inc.).  Five thousand (5,000) shares of Class B common
stock were issued to the Original Investors who financed the Company's Chapter
XI filing in 1986 and 1987 and represented 20% of the voting power of RTI's
outstanding common stock. As part of the Restructuring Plan, the holders of the
Class B stock returned their 20% interest as a group to RTI.  RTI's Class A and
Class B common stock are equal to each other in all respects except dividend
preference.  Holders of shares of Class A and Class B common stock are entitled
to one vote per share in the election of directors.

TRANS CONTINENTAL DRILLING COMPANY OWNERSHIP

         As part of the 1993 Transaction, Drilling issued sufficient shares to
transfer 20% of the issued and outstanding stock of Drilling to Statesman
Group, Inc.  The remainder (80%) is owned by Regency Affiliates, Inc.

NRDC

         As part of the 1993 Transaction, Regency Affiliates, Inc. acquired 80%
of the issued and outstanding stock of NRDC.  The remainder (20%) is owned by
Statesman Group, Inc.





                                       13
<PAGE>   14
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1995            1994           1993             1992            1991
                                           ----            ----           ----             ----            ----

 <S>                                  <C>             <C>            <C>               <C>           <C>
 REVENUES                                $2,597          $5,125             $0               $0              $0

 INCOME FROM EQUITY INVESTMENT
 IN PARTNERSHIP                       3,718,056         100,000              0                0               0

 LOSS FROM LIQUIDATION OF
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                      0               0              0                0       (997,555)

 EXTRAORDINARY GAIN FROM DEBT
 RESTRUCTURING                                0               0              0           78,000      10,599,302

 NET INCOME (LOSS)                    3,298,589       (102,541)      (121,789)         (50,568)       9,526,556
                                                                                                               
 INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING
 OPERATIONS PER SHARE                      0.29          (0.01)         (0.01)           (0.03)          (0.02)

 EXTRAORDINARY GAIN PER SHARE                 0               0              0             0.02            2.23

 NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE
 (PRIMARY)                                 0.29          (0.01)         (0.01)           (0.01)            2.00

 NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE
 (FULLY DILUTED)                           0.09          (0.01)         (0.01)           (0.01)            2.00

 TOTAL ASSETS                         4,980,148       1,473,832        853,922               93           6,531

 LONG-TERM DEBT & REDEEMABLE            691,254         557,954        272,100                0         372,300
 PREFERRED STOCK
</TABLE>





                                       14
<PAGE>   15
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.

         The Company may, from time to time, issue forward looking statements,
including, but not limited to the statements of future economic performance
contained in Item 7 of this Report, or elsewhere herein.  Such forward looking
statements, whether contained in this report on Form 10-K, or elsewhere, are
subject to the following factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in the forward looking statements:

         (i)     The Company suffers from a severe lack of liquidity and its
                 ability to remain a going concern is dependent upon the
                 Company's ability to continue to raise working capital from
                 its shareholders, or from the sale of its assets or securities
                 or from the proceeds of outside financing.

         (ii)    The Company lacks the necessary infrastructure at the site of
                 the Groveland Mine, and the capital necessary to place such
                 infrastructure in place, in order to permit the company to
                 make more than casual sales of the Aggregate.

         (iii)   The Company's lack of operations render the Company dependant
                 upon the investment in Security Land And Development Company
                 Limited Partnership for a material portion of its cash flow
                 and for a material portion of its reportable income.

         (iv)    The investment activities of the Company do not, in and of
                 themselves, generate sufficient cash flow to permit the
                 Company to continue as a going concern.

         (v)     An unsecured default in the Lease or sudden catastrophe to the
                 Security West Building from uninsured acts of God or war could
                 have a materially adverse impact upon the Company's investment
                 in Security Land And Development Company Limited Partnership.


         Liquidity and Capital Resources.


         In the last quarter of 1994, Regency Affiliates, Inc. commenced a
private placement of its Cumulative Convertible $100 Series-E Preferred Stock
and $0.40 p.v. Common Stock (the "Private Placement") in a transaction reported
on  Form D, Notice of Sale of Securities Pursuant To Regulation D, filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 1994, the contents of
which are incorporated herein by reference thereto.  As of February 9, 1995,
the most recent sale under the Private Placement, Regency Affiliates, Inc. had
placed 57 Units ($570,000) of the $350,000 minimum, $800,000 maximum offering.
The securities were offered in 80 Units, each consisting of 88.5 shares in
Cumulative Convertible $100 Series-E Preferred Stock and 6,000 shares





                                       15
<PAGE>   16
of the Common Stock, to accredited investors as defined in Regulation D for a
cost of $10,000 per unit.  The proceeds of the offering were used for to cover
negative operating cash flows.  Because of the restatement of the acquisition
cost of NRDC reported in the Company's report on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 1994, management has determined to offer rescission to certain of
the purchasers in the Private Placement.  Management believes there is no
substantial likelihood that the offerees will exercise rescission because the
restatement does not result from a change in the fair market value of the
Aggregate.  However, should all of the offerees exercise the right of
rescission, the Company would have inadequate cash resources to pay them in
full.

         The investment in Security Land And Development Company Limited
Partnership should provide the Company with management fees of at least
$100,000 per annum until 2003.  In the fiscal year ending December 31, 1995,
the Company's income from its equity investment in the Partnership was
$3,718,056.

         Despite the cash flow from the Partnership and the working capital
raised by the Private Placement, the Company continues to suffer from a
relative lack of liquidity and capital resources.  Gary K. Nuttall, who was
elected as the Company's President on February 1, 1996, is, in large part,
focusing his efforts on obtaining a financing to be secured by the Company's
investment in Security Land And Development Company Limited Partnership.  While
preliminary negotiations have been favorable and the board of directors of a
potential lender has given its approval to a loan to the Company, neither due
diligence nor definitive loan agreements have been concluded, and there can be
no assurance that the contemplated transaction will be consummated.

         Regency Affiliates, Inc. is continuing to explore opportunities for
the acquisition of companies with operations that will provide additional
liquidity and cash flow.  The Company anticipates that such acquisitions would
be financed by borrowings secured by the assets acquired and by the Company's
investment in Security Land And Development Company Limited Partnership.  The
Company is also continuing to explore transactions which would utilize the
Company's uncommitted and remaining net operating losses.  There can be no
assurances that any such acquisitions or transactions will come to fruition.

         As part of the 1993 Transaction with NRDC, the Company received a
working capital loan of $100,000 from Statesman Group, Inc., which loan matured
on July 7, 1995 and carries a 10% interest obligation payable quarterly in
arrears.  Statesman has agreed to extend the maturity of its loan beyond 1995,
to a date yet to be determined.  During 1994, the Company paid Statesman
$15,509.22 in interest and $97,464.32 in principal, bringing the loans current
as of December 31, 1994.  As of December 31, 1995, the Company had a principal
balance outstanding on notes payable to Statesman of $80,000.





                                       16
<PAGE>   17
         Results of Operations.

         The operations of Regency Affiliates, Inc. and its subsidiaries in
1995 were limited to casual sales of Aggregate (less than $3,000) and the
Company's ongoing effort to secure acquisitions and/or business combinations to
provide the Company with material operations and cash flow.

         SFAS 121.

         In March 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new
standard (SFAS 121), "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and
for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of."  SFAS 121 requires that long-lived
assets and certain identifiable intangibles to be held and used by an entity be
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  SFAS 121 is
effective for financial statements for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 1995.  The Company intends to adopt SFAS 121 in the first quarter of 1996.
The Company does not believe its adoption will have a material effect on the
Company's financial position or results of operation.



ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

         The Company, as a result of its financial condition, did not have
funds to have timely audits conducted for the years ended December 31, 1990,
1991 and 1992.  The report of independent accountants with respect to the 1989
financial statements contained a qualification with respect to adjustments that
might result in the event that the Company were unable to continue as a going
concern.  On November 5, 1993, R.L.  Quint & Co. issued its independent
auditor's report for the years ended December 31, 1990, 1991 and 1992.  Because
as of December 31, 1992, the Company had an excess of liabilities over assets
and had no revenue producing activities, the auditors reported substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.  The
auditors' report for the year ended December 31, 1993 also expressed
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
because of the Company's continued lack of revenue producing activities and
working capital.

         The following pages contain the Financial Statements and supplementary
data required by Item 8 of Part II of Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 1995.




           (The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.)





                                       17
<PAGE>   18


                    REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                       1995 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT





                                     F-1
<PAGE>   19


                    REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                    CONTENTS



______________________________________________________________________________

                                                                Page


AUDITORS' REPORT                                                F-3

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    Consolidated balance sheets                               F-4 - F-5
    Consolidated statements of operations                       F-6
    Consolidated statements of shareholders' equity             F-7
    Consolidated statements of cash flows                       F-8
    Notes to consolidated financial statements                F-9 - F-20




                                      F-2
<PAGE>   20

                          Independent Auditors' Report
                          ----------------------------

Shareholders and Board of Directors
Regency Affiliates, Inc.
Wheaton, Illinois

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Regency
Affiliates, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash
flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

     We did not audit the 1995 financial statements of Security Land and
Development Company Limited Partnership, the investment in which is reflected in
the accompanying financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The
investment in this partnership represents 82% of consolidated total assets as of
December 31, 1995 and 100% of the income from equity investment in partnership
for the year ended December 31, 1995. Those financial statements were audited by
other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar
as it relates to the 1995 amounts included for Security Land and Development
Company Limited Partnership, is based solely on the reports of such other
auditors.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors,
the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of Regency Affiliates, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the consolidated results of
their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles.

     As described in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company's management determined that its 1993 acquisition of National Resource
Development Corporation was improperly accounted for. The correction of the
error was treated as a prior period adjustment and the 1993 year end balances of
certain assets, liabilities and equity accounts were, therefore, restated.


                           HAUSSER + TAYLOR
Cleveland, Ohio
March 26, 1996


                                      F-3
<PAGE>   21

                      REGENCY AFFLIATES, INC. SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                           December 31, 1995 and 1994
                           --------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          
                  ASSETS                                                  1995           1994
                  ------                                                  ----           ---- 
<S>                                                                <C>              <C>
CURRENT ASSETS
         Cash                                                      $      39,689    $    150,027
         Accounts receivable                                               2,691           2,129
                                                                    ------------    ------------
                  Total current assets                                    42,380         152,156
                                                                                                
OTHER ASSETS                                                                                    
         Investment in partnership                                     4,068,056         450,000
         Inventory                                                       850,000         850,000
         Other                                                            19,712          21,676
                                                                    ------------    ------------
                                                                       4,937,768       1,321,676
                                                                                                
                                                                                                
                                                                                                
                                                                                                
                                                                                                
                                                                                                
                                                                    ------------    ------------
                                                                   $   4,980,148   $   1,473,832
                                                                    ============    ============
                                       
</TABLE>





  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-4

<PAGE>   22
<TABLE>

                                             REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                    December 31, 1995 and 1994
                                                    --------------------------

<CAPTION>
                                                                                           1995             1994
                                                                                           ----             ----
<S>                                                                                   <C>              <C>
                  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                     
                  ------------------------------------
CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Note payable                                                                       $         -       $   300,000
  Notes payable - related party                                                           80,000           105,800
  Accounts payable                                                                        95,980            73,382
  Accrued expenses                                                                        79,816             5,705
                                                                                     -----------       -----------
            Total current liabilities                                                    255,796           484,887

LONG-TERM DEBT                                                                           323,000           296,500

MINORITY INTEREST IN CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES                                           106,449           111,391

SERIAL PREFERRED STOCK SUBJECT TO MANDATORY                                                                        
  REDEMPTION (liquidation preference and redemption                                                                
    value, $504,400 and $309,700 in 1995 and 1994, respectively)                         368,254           261,454

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                                                               
  Serial preferred stock not subject to mandatory redemption                                                       
     (maximum liquidation preference, $24,903,368 and                                                              
     $24,885,382 in 1995 and 1994, respectively)                                       1,052,988         1,052,988
  Common stock, par value $.40, authorized 25,000,000 shares                                                       
     issued and outstanding 11,166,537 and 10,524,537 shares                                                       
     in 1995 and 1994, respectively (net of 22,460 treasury shares)                    4,456,308         4,199,508
  Additional paid-in capital                                                             140,000                 -
  Readjustment resulting from quasi-reorganization at                                                              
     December 31, 1987                                                                (1,670,596)       (1,670,596)
  Accumulated deficit                                                                    (52,051)       (3,262,300)
                                                                                     -----------       -----------
            Total shareholders' equity                                                 3,926,649           319,600
                                                                                     -----------       -----------
                                                                                     $ 4,980,148       $ 1,473,832
                                                                                     ===========       ===========

<FN>

                            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

</TABLE>



                                      F-5
<PAGE>   23
<TABLE>
                                             REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                              Years Ended December 31, 1995 and 1994
                                              --------------------------------------
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          1995            1994
                                                                                          ----            ----
<S>                                                                                   <C>              <C>

NET SALES                                                                             $    2,597       $   5,125

OPERATING EXPENSES                                                                                       
         General and administrative expenses                                             311,611         166,213
         Interest expense                                                                 45,395          45,329
                                                                                      ----------       ---------
                                                                                         357,006         211,542
                                                                                      ----------       ---------

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS                                                                    (354,409)       (206,417)

INCOME FROM EQUITY INVESTMENT IN PARTNERSHIP                                           3,718,056         100,000
                                                                                      ----------       ---------

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE
         AND MINORITY INTEREST                                                         3,363,647        (106,417)

INCOME TAX EXPENSE                                                                        70,000               -

MINORITY INTEREST                                                                          4,942           3,876
                                                                                      ----------       ---------

NET INCOME (LOSS)                                                                     $3,298,589       $(102,541)
                                                                                      ==========       =========


NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE
         TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS
         [after paid or accrued preferred stock dividends of
         $78,526 and $17,986 in 1995 and 1994, respectively, and
         preferred stock accretion of $27,800 in 1995]                                $3,192,263       $(120,527)
                                                                                      ==========       =========


NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
         PRIMARY                                                                      $     0.29       $   (0.01)
                                                                                      ==========       =========

         FULLY DILUTED                                                                $     0.09       $   (0.01)
                                                                                      ==========       =========

<FN>
                            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>
                                                                F-6

<PAGE>   24
<TABLE>
                                             REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                          CONSOLIDATED STATMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                                              Years Ended December 31, 1995 and 1994
                                              --------------------------------------
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Readjustment
                                  Preferred Stock*       Common Stock**      Additional      Resulting
                                 -----------------      ------------------     Paid-In      From Quasi-    Accumulated Shareholders'
                                 Shares     Amount      Shares      Amount     Capital    Reorganization     Deficit     Equity
                                 ------   ----------  ----------  ----------  ---------   ---------------  ----------- ------------
<S>                              <C>      <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>
BALANCE - JANUARY 1, 1994,
      AS RESTATED (See Note 14)  605,291  $1,052,988  10,304,537  $4,111,508   $      -     $(1,670,596)   $(3,159,759)  $  334,141

      Issuance of common stock         -           -     220,000      88,000          -               -              -       88,000

      Net loss                         -           -           -           -          -               -       (102,541)    (102,541)
                                 -------  ----------  ----------  ----------   --------     ------------   -----------   ----------
                                                                                                                         
BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 1994      605,291   1,052,988  10,524,537   4,199,508          -      (1,670,596)    (3,262,300)     319,600
                                                                                                                         
      Issuance of common stock         -           -     642,000     256,800    140,000               -              -      396,800

      Net income                       -           -           -           -          -               -      3,298,589    3,298,589

      Accretion of Series E 
        preferred stock                -           -           -           -          -               -        (27,800)     (27,800)

      Payment of dividend on      
        Series E preferred stock       -           -           -           -          -               -        (60,540)     (60,540)
                                 -------  ----------  ----------  ----------   --------     -----------    -----------   ----------
                                                                                                                         
BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 1995      605,291  $1,052,988  11,166,537  $4,456,308   $140,000     $(1,670,596)   $   (52,051)  $3,926,649
                                 =======  ==========  ==========  ==========  =========     ===========    ===========   ==========
                                                                                                                         
<FN>
*   Preferred stock does not include Series E Preferred
    Stock which is subject to mandatory redemption


** Common stock is net of 22,460 treasury shares


                            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>



                                      F-7
<PAGE>   25
                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                       
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       
                    Years Ended December 31, 1995 and 1994
                    --------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      1995          1994
                                                                                  ----------      ---------
<S>                                                                            <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
   Net income (loss)                                                            $  3,298,589    $  (102,541)
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used by
     operating activities:
       Minority interest                                                              (4,942)        (3,876)
       Income from equity investment in partnership                               (3,718,056)      (100,000)
       Distribution of equity earnings from partnership                              100,000           -
       Interest amortization on long-term debt                                        26,500         24,400
       Issuance of treasury stock in lieu of cash compensation                          -             4,000
       Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
         Accounts receivable                                                            (562)        (2,129)
         Other assets                                                                  1,964        (21,676)
         Accounts payable                                                             22,598         64,832
         Accrued expenses                                                             74,111        (18,159)
                                                                                  ----------      ---------
           Total adjustments                                                      (3,498,387)       (52,608)
                                                                                  ----------      ---------
             Net cash used by operating activities                                  (199,798)      (155,149)

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
   Investment in partnership                                                             -          (50,000)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   Net short-term borrowings                                                          (5,800)         5,800
   Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock                                         152,000        266,000
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock                                             48,000         84,000
   Offering costs                                                                    (44,200)        (4,546)
   Dividends paid                                                                    (60,540)           -
                                                                                  ----------      ---------
             Net cash provided by financing activities                                89,460        351,254
                                                                                  ----------      ---------
(DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH                                                         (110,338)       146,105

CASH - BEGINNING                                                                     150,027          3,922
                                                                                  ----------      ---------

CASH - ENDING                                                                   $     39,689    $   150,027
                                                                                  ==========      =========

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
   Cash paid during the year for:
      Interest                                                                  $     20,944    $    20,301

</TABLE>

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:

   In 1994, the Company, as part of its investment in the partnership,
   issued a $300,000 note payable.  In 1995, the note was converted into 400,000
   shares of the Company's common stock (see Note 3).

   In 1995, $20,000 of debt was converted into equity (see Note 3) and
   $44,000 of stock offering costs were satisfied by the issuance of 110,000
   shares of the Company's common stock.

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-8

<PAGE>   26
                  REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     
                                                                
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
                                                                               
                                                                      
NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
                                                                               
        A. Business and Reorganization -- Regency Affiliates, Inc. (the  
           "Company"), formerly Transcontinental Energy Corporation, was       
           organized as a Delaware corporation in 1980 to be the successor to 
           Transcontinental Oil Corporation which existed since 1947. In late  
           1984 and early 1985 the Company, all of its wholly owned            
           subsidiaries and twenty-one affiliated limited partnerships         
           commenced reorganization proceedings pursuant to Chapter 11 of the  
           Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended.                          
                                                                               
           Pursuant to two Plans of Reorganization which were completed        
           December 31, 1987, all of the Company's assets, except for its      
           ownership in Transcontinental Drilling Company, Inc. (Drilling) and 
           all of the obligations of the Company and of Drilling were          
           transferred to a creditor liquidating trust. The Plans provided that
           the par value of the Company's common stock be increased from $.10  
           per share to $.40 per share and that a 1 for 4 reverse stock split  
           be implemented. An additional 747,500 shares were issued to the     
           creditor's liquidating trust, 238,700 were issued to TransCapital,  
           Ltd. for a cash purchase price of $111,480 and 954,800 shares were  
           issued to investors.                                                
                                                                               
           During the year ended December 31, 1988 the Company, through        
           RegTransco, Inc. ("RTI"), made two acquisitions. On June 3, 1988 RTI
           acquired all of the outstanding stock of Florida Truss, Inc.,       
           Gangnail of Palm Beach and Pinewood Lumber and Truss, Inc.          
           (collectively, "Florida Truss, Inc."), which was involved in the    
           manufacture of wood trusses in the Fort Lauderdale and Palm Beach   
           areas of Florida. In August 1988, RTI acquired all of the           
           outstanding stock of Willbanks Steel Corporation ("Willbanks"), a   
           steel fabricator and service center with locations in Fort Worth and
           Houston, Texas and Albuquerque, New Mexico. In 1990 and 1991, the   
           Company elected to discontinue operations at its subsidiaries,      
           Florida Truss and Willbanks, respectively.                          
                                                                               
           On July 7, 1993 the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement   
           with National Resource Development Corporation and Statesman Group, 
           Inc. ("Statesman"), an international business corporation organized 
           under the laws of the Bahamas which provided for the acquisition of 
           an 80% interest in National Resource Development Corporation, which 
           was wholly owned by Statesman in exchange for 2,975,000 shares of   
           the Company's common stock, 208,850 shares of the Company's Series C
           Preferred stock and 20% of the outstanding shares of                
           Transcontinental Drilling Co. (the "Transaction"). Statesman has the
           right to transfer some or all of these shares to its nominees.      
           Immediately following the closing, the Company had outstanding      
           10,336,997 common shares outstanding of which those  issued to      
           Statesman represented approximately 28.8%.                          
                                                                               
           Statesman, in addition to receiving the rights to approximately     
           28.8% of the Company's common stock, received irrevocable proxies   
           over 855,991 common shares of the Company.                          
                                                                               
           As part of the closing of the Transaction on July 7, 1993, the then 
           sole director of the Company redesignated the nominal value of the  
           Company's Series C Preferred stock from $10.00 to $100.00 per share.
           Immediately following the closing there were 208,850 shares of the  
           Company's Series C Preferred stock outstanding, all of which were   
           issued to Statesman as part of the Transaction.                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      F-9                                      
<PAGE>   27

                  REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


Note 1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

        B. Principles of Consolidation -- The consolidated financial
           statements include the accounts of Regency Affiliates, Inc. (the
           "Company") and its 80% owned subsidiaries National Resource
           Development Corporation ("NRDC"), Transcontinental Drilling Company
           ("Drilling") and RegTransco, Inc. ("RTI"). All significant
           intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
           consolidation. Regency Affiliates, Inc.'s (Registrant's) share of
           consolidated net assets at December 31, 1995 and 1994 consist
           principally of cash of approximately $37,000 and $150,000,
           respectively, investment in partnership of approximately $4,068,000
           and $450,000, respectively, and liabilities of approximately
           $256,000 and $485,000, respectively.

        C. Earnings (Loss) Per Share -- Primary earnings (loss) per share
           are  computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common
           shareholders (net income (loss) less preferred stock dividend
           requirements and periodic accretion) by the weighted average number
           of common and dilutive equivalent shares outstanding during the
           year. Fully diluted earnings per share computations assume the
           conversion of Series E, Series B, and Junior Series D preferred
           stock during the period that the preferred stock issues were
           outstanding. If the result of these assumed conversions is dilutive,
           the dividend requirements and periodic accretion for the preferred
           stock issues are reduced (See Note 7).
           
           The weighted average number of shares used in primary earnings
           (loss) per share computations for 1995 and 1994 were approximately
           10,941,000 and 10,327,000, respectively. The weighted average number
           of shares used in the computation of fully diluted earnings (loss)
           per share for 1995 was approximately 37,847,000. The computation of
           fully diluted earnings (loss) per share for the year ended December
           31, 1994 was antidilutive; therefore, the amounts reported for
           primary and fully diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same for
           that year. The Company's stock is thinly traded in the
           over-the-counter market on the bulletin board section of NASDAQ. In
           1995, a market price of $.25 per share was utilized in the
           conversion formulas for the computation of fully diluted earnings
           per share. If a market price of $.125 per share, the lowest bid
           price of the Company's common shares during the year, was used in
           the conversion formulas, the weighted average number of shares
           utilized in the computation of fully diluted earnings per share
           would amount to approximately 63,658,000 yielding fully diluted
           earnings per share of $.05.

        D. Cash -- The Company places its cash with high credit quality 
           financial institutions which may exceed federally insured amounts at
           times.

        E. Inventory -- Inventory, which consists of aggregate, is stated at
           lower of cost or market. Liens have been attached to the aggregate
           inventory by the note payable to the related party and the holders
           of the zero coupon bonds. The Company is also subject to a royalty
           agreement which requires the payment of certain royalties to a
           previous owner of the aggregate inventory upon sales of the
           aggregate.



                                     F-10

<PAGE>   28

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 1.   ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
          (CONTINUED)

     F.   Income Taxes - Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted
          Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 ("SFAS 109"),
          "Accounting for Income Taxes," which requires an asset and liability
          approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. The
          difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and
          liabilities is determined annually. Deferred income tax assets and
          liabilities are computed for those temporary differences that have
          future tax consequences using the current enacted tax laws and rates
          that apply to the periods in which they are expected to affect taxable
          income. In some situations SFAS 109 permits the recognition of
          expected benefits of utilizing net operating loss and tax credit
          carryforwards. Valuation allowances are established, if necessary, to
          reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will, more likely
          than not, be realized. Income tax expense is the current tax payable
          or refundable for the period plus or minus the net change in the
          deferred tax assets and liabilities.

     G.   Use of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in
          conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires
          management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
          amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
          and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
          reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
          Actual results could differ from those estimates.

     H.   Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 121 - In March 1995,
          the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new standard,
          Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 121, "Accounting for
          the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be
          Disposed Of" (SFAS 121). SFAS 121 requires that long-lived assets and
          certain identifiable intangibles to be held and used by an entity be
          reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
          indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
          SFAS 121 is effective for financial statements for fiscal years
          beginning after December 15, 1995. The Company intends to adopt SFAS
          121 in the first quarter of 1996. The Company does not believe its
          adoption will have a material effect on the Company's financial
          position or results of operations.

NOTE 2.     INVESTMENT IN PARTNERSHIP

     In November 1994, the Company invested $50,000 and a $300,000 note payable
     (see Note 3) for a limited partner interest in Security Land and
     Development Company Limited Partnership ("Security"), which owns and
     operates an office complex. The Company has limited voting rights and is
     entitled to be allocated 95% of the profit and loss of the partnership
     until October 31, 2003 (the lease termination date of the sole tenant of
     the office complex) and 50% thereafter. The Company is entitled to 95% of
     operating cash flow distributions, as defined, until October 31, 2003,
     which are expected to be limited, and 50% thereafter. Further, the partners
     are entitled to the net cash flow generated from the sale or refinancing of
     the property in the proportion of their individual positive capital account
     balance to the total positive capital account balances of all the partners.
     The Company can force the sale of the property after December 31, 2004.



                                      F-11

<PAGE>   29

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 2.   INVESTMENT IN PARTNERSHIP (CONTINUED)

          Security was organized to own and operate, for investment purposes,
          two buildings containing approximately 717,000 net rentable square
          feet consisting of a two-story office building and a connected
          six-story office tower. The building was purchased by Security in 1986
          and is located on approximately 34.3 acres of land which is also owned
          by Security. The building has been occupied by the United States
          Social Security Administration's Office of Disability and
          International Operations for approximately 22 years under leases
          between the United States of America, acting by and through the
          General Services Administration ("GSA"). Effective November 1, 1994,
          Security and the GSA entered into a nine-year lease (the "Lease") for
          100% of the building. Security has received an opinion of the
          Assistant General Counsel to the GSA that lease payments are not
          subject to annual appropriation by the United States Congress and the
          obligations to make such payments are unconditional general
          obligations of the United States Government.

          The Company accounts for the investment in partnership on the equity
          method, whereby the carrying value of the investment is increased or
          decreased by the Company's allocable share of income or loss. The
          investment in partnership included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
          at December 31, 1995 and 1994 was $4,068,056 and $450,000,
          respectively. The income from the Company's equity investment in the
          partnership for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994 was
          $3,718,056 and $100,000, respectively. The undistributed earnings from
          the Company's equity investment in the partnership as of December 31,
          1995 and 1994 amounted to $3,718,056 and $100,000, respectively.

          Summarized financial information for Security is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1995             1994
  BALANCE SHEET DATA                                                      ----             ----
  ------------------
<S>                                                               <C>                <C>           
  Cash and receivables                                            $     1,344,049    $    1,340,903
  Restricted cash                                                      18,514,573        30,065,176
  Real estate                                                          38,706,350        25,336,736
  Other assets                                                          2,252,224         2,573,546
                                                                       ----------        ----------
     Total assets                                                 $    60,817,196    $   59,316,361
                                                                       ==========        ==========
                       

  Accounts payable and accrued expenses                           $     1,510,030    $    1,088,400
  Project note payable                                                 51,380,596        55,760,764
  Other liabilities                                                     4,623,171         2,972,277
                                                                       ----------        ----------
     Total liabilities                                                 57,513,797        59,821,441
                                        

  Partners' capital (deficit):
   Regency Affiliates, Inc.                                             4,068,056           450,000
   Other partners                                                        (764,657)         (955,080)
                                                                       ----------        ----------
       Total partners' capital (deficit)                                3,303,399          (505,080)
                                                                       ----------        ----------
       Total liabilities and partners' capital (deficit)          $    60,817,196    $   59,316,361
                                                                       ==========        ==========
                                                    
</TABLE>



                                      F-12

<PAGE>   30

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 2.   INVESTMENT IN PARTNERSHIP (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         1995               1994
                 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA                                            -----              -----
                 ----------------------------
<S>                                                                              <C>                 <C>    

                 Revenues                                                        $   11,757,102      $   5,880,551

                 Expenses                                                             4,215,587          3,920,118
                                                                                     ----------         ----------
                 Net operating income                                                 7,541,515          1,960,433
                                                          
                 Other revenue and expenses                                          (3,627,772)        (2,487,007)
                                                                                     ----------         ----------
                 Income (loss) before extraordinary item                              3,913,743           (526,574)
                                                          
                 Extraordinary gain on forgiveness of debt                                  -           10,322,652
                                                                                     ----------         ----------
                 Net income                                                      $    3,913,743     $    9,796,078
                                                                                      ==========        ==========

</TABLE>



Note 3.   Notes Payable

          Notes payable consist of:

               A note payable of $300,000 at December 31, 1994, due to Security
               Land and Development Company Limited Partnership as part of the
               Company's initial capital contribution (see Note 2). The note
               payable was satisfied in July 1995 upon delivery to the note
               holder of 400,000 shares of the Company's common stock in lieu of
               cash.

               Note payable - related party of $80,000 and $105,800 at December
               31, 1995 and 1994, respectively, is due Statesman and is secured
               by the aggregate inventory.  Interest is payable quarterly at 10%
               per annum with the principal due on January 1, 1996. Statesman
               has agreed to waive the Company's obligation to pay the note
               until it has funds available to make payment which is expected to
               be in 1997. In 1995, Statesman converted $20,000 of the debt into
               two units of the stock offering described in Note 6.



                                      F-13

<PAGE>   31

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 4.   LONG-TERM DEBT

          Long-term debt consists of zero coupon non-recourse secured bonds, due
          January 1, 2002, with a face value of $542,000 and a carrying value of
          $323,000 and $296,500 at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively. The
          bonds were issued by NRDC and the difference (discount) between
          the face value and carrying value is being amortized utilizing the
          interest method at 9%.  Interest expense related to the bonds for
          1995 and 1994 was $26,500 and $24,400, respectively. The bonds are
          redeemable at anytime at the option of the Company at an amount that
          approximates the carrying value. As of December 31, 1995, a sinking
          fund has not been established to fund the payment of the zero coupon
          non-recourse secured bonds upon maturity. The Collateral Trust
          Indenture ("Indenture"), dated as of April 1, 1991, states that the
          Company is prohibited from selling all or any of the pledged aggregate
          inventory unless the Company makes a payment to the bond trustee for
          deposit into the sinking fund. The Indenture grants the trustee to
          secure the bonds a first priority mortgage lien and security interest
          in the aggregate and establishes a "mandatory sinking fund payment per
          short ton sold" of pledged aggregate inventory until the maturity of
          the bonds. The minimum payment for sales during calendar years 1994
          through 2002 ranges from $0.60 to $1.00 per short ton. The Indenture
          provides that the Company will have no personal liability for the
          payment of the debts evidenced by the Indenture or any bond or for the
          performance of the covenants, representations and warranties of the
          Company in the Indenture or any bond, and that the rights of the
          trustee and the bondholders shall be limited to the foreclosure on the
          lien, with certain exceptions.

          Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for loans
          with similar terms and average maturities, the fair value of long-term
          debt is $235,000.

NOTE 5.   MINORITY INTEREST

          Statesman Group, Inc. has a 20% minority interest in the Company's
          subsidiaries. In addition, Statesman holds a significant common stock
          interest in the Company.

NOTE 6.   STOCK OFFERING

          Through a private placement memorandum dated November 18, 1994, and
          concluded in 1995, the Company offered for sale 80 units of
          securities, each unit consisting of 88.5 shares of 12.5% cumulative
          convertible Series E preferred stock and 6,000 shares of common stock.
          The units were priced at $10,000 per unit. As of December 31, 1995 and
          1994, subscriptions for 57 and 35 units, respectively, were received
          and offering costs of $92,746 and $4,546, respectively, were incurred.

          Purchasers of units were issued financial statements containing errors
          resulting from the improper accounting treatment of the acquisition of
          NRDC (see Note 14). Management intends to offer such purchasers
          rescission, however, because the appraised fair value of the
          underlying net assets of NRDC are significantly in excess of the
          carrying value for accounting purposes, management believes the
          likelihood of rescission is remote.



                                      F-14

<PAGE>   32

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 7.   SERIAL PREFERRED STOCK

          At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company had 5,000,000 authorized
          shares of $.10 par value serial preferred stock. Serial preferred
          stock at December 31, 1995 and 1994, all of which is convertible
          (other than Series C) and cumulative consists of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

          Mandatory Redeemable Shares - Series E, $100 stated value, 12.5% cumulative
          ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                         Shares                      Value
                                                                ------------------------     ------------------------
                                                                Designated   Outstanding     Carrying     Liquidation
                                                                ----------   -----------     --------     -----------
<S>                                                              <C>            <C>        <C>             <C>
                 Balance, January 1, 1994                            -           -          $    -         $     -   
                                                                                                                    
                 Issuance, net of offering costs                 566,400       3,097          261,454        309,700 
                                                                 -------      ------          -------        -------
                                                                                                                    
                 Balance, December 31, 1994                      566,400       3,097          261,454        309,700 
                                                                                                                    
                 Issuance, net of offering costs                     -         1,947           79,000        194,700 
                                                                                                                    
                 Accretion                                           -           -             27,800            -   
                                                                 -------      ------          -------        -------
                                                                                                                    
                 Balance, December 31, 1995                      566,400       5,044        $ 368,254      $ 504,400
                                                                 =======       =====         ========       ========
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

          Redeemable Shares at Company's Option
          -------------------------------------

                                                      Shares                                    Value
                                              ------------------------      ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                              1995              1994
                                              Designated   Outstanding      Carrying       Liquidation        Liquidation
                                              ----------   -----------      --------       -----------        -----------
<S>                        <C>        
                 Series C, $100 stated
                    value                      210,000      208,850      $   229,136     $ 20,885,000 (a)    $ 20,885,000 (a)
                                                                                                                          
                 Series B, $10 stated                                                                                     
                    value, 6% cumulative       370,747      370,747          566,912        3,707,470           3,707,470    
                                                                                                                          
                 Junior Series D, $10                                                                                     
                    stated value, 7%                                                                                         
                    cumulative                  26,000       25,694          256,940          310,898 (b)         292,912 (b)
                                               -------      -------        ---------       ----------          ----------  
                                                                                                                          
                                               606,747      605,291      $ 1,052,988     $ 24,903,368        $ 24,885,382    
                                               =======      =======        =========       ==========          ==========   
</TABLE>


     (a)  This represents the estimated maximum possible liquidation value of
          the Series C preferred shares, which is defined as the lesser of: 1)
          net proceeds of the assets of NRDC, or 2) the redemption value
          (defined below). In the event of liquidation, the Series C shares are
          senior to all other shares of the Company's stock, with the exception
          of the Series E shares.

     (b)  The liquidation value of the Junior Series D shares includes accrued
          and unpaid dividends of $53,958 and $35,972 at December 31, 1995 and
          1994, respectively.



                                      F-15

<PAGE>   33

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 7.   SERIAL PREFERRED STOCK (CONTINUED)

          SERIES E - The Series E shares must be redeemed by the Company at the
          stated value plus accrued and unpaid dividends on the fifth
          anniversary from the date of issuance. The Company, at its option, may
          redeem the shares beginning on the second anniversary of the date of
          issuance. The carrying value of the Series E stock was recorded at its
          issue price (net of issue costs). Beginning in 1995, the carrying
          value is being increased by periodic accretion to the Company's
          accumulated deficit, for the difference between the initial carrying
          value and the redemption value. Accretion, utilizing the interest
          method, for 1995 was $27,800. Dividends of $60,540 on the Series E
          stock were paid or accrued in 1995. Holders of Series E stock may
          convert their shares to common stock based on the stated value
          multiplied by ten (10) divided by 88% of the average bid price for the
          90 days preceding the conversion date of the Company's common shares
          beginning on the second anniversary from the date of issuance of the
          Series E shares.

          SERIES C - The Series C shares were issued on July 7, 1993 as part of
          the transaction to acquire an 80% interest in NRDC. The cumulative
          dividend right is equal to 20% (not to exceed $500,000) of annual
          after tax earnings of NRDC. At the Company's option, the Series C may
          be redeemed at the lesser of (a) the stated value plus accrued and
          unpaid dividends, or (b) the fair market value of the common stock
          interest acquired by the Company in NRDC. The Company and Statesman,
          the sole shareholder of Series C shares, agreed to permanently waive
          the contingent conversion feature related to such shares for no
          consideration.

          SERIES B - The Series B shares were issued in 1991 as part of a
          restructuring plan limited to senior lenders and was issued in
          exchange for all obligations and any claims or causes of action
          relating to the Company's obligations and the Florida Truss and
          Willbanks Steel Corp. guarantees. Such preferred stock includes, among
          other provisions and preferences, the following:

          a)   A 6% cumulative dividend right commencing on the 24th month from
               the consummation of a defined "initial business combination
               transaction" and if the Company has reached a defined ratio of
               earnings to fixed charges. In addition, dividends accrue for a
               period of 35 additional months without cash payment.

          b)   At the Company's option, the shares may be redeemed subject to
               certain limitations, by cash payment or by exchanging shares of
               its common stock at 77% of its stated value divided by the quoted
               market value of its common stock.

          c)   A contingent conversion provision which conversion right, and the
               Company common shares to be issued in connection with the
               conversion, would be based on the stated value divided by the
               average bid and asked price for the 90 days preceding the
               conversion date of the Company's common shares. In addition, the
               number of the Company's common shares to be received upon
               conversion is subject to certain limitations.



                                      F-16

<PAGE>   34

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 7.   SERIAL PREFERRED STOCK (CONTINUED)

          JUNIOR SERIES D - The junior preferred stock was issued in 1992 in
          exchange for the Company's Restructuring Serial Promissory Notes. This
          preferred stock is redeemable, at the Company's option, at the stated
          value plus accrued and unpaid dividends and is contingently
          convertible into common at the fair market value of the common as
          determined by the average of the bid and asked price for the thirty
          (30) day period preceding the conversion date.

          Generally, no dividends can be made on the Company's common stock
          until all cumulative dividends on the serial preferred stock have been
          paid. Additionally, no dividends on the Company's common shares can be
          made if the Company is in default or in arrears with respect to any
          sinking or analogous fund or any call or tenders or other agreement
          for the purchase, redemption or other retirement of shares of
          preferred stock. No provision for dividends has been made for the
          Company's Series B and C "increasing rate preferred stock," as defined
          in Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5Q, due to the contingent nature of
          dividends on such shares.

          Generally the preferred shares have limited voting rights. However, in
          the event dividends payable on the Series C and E shares,
          respectively, are accumulated and unpaid for seven quarterly dividends
          (whether or not declared and whether or not consecutive), the holders
          of record of the Series C and E shares, respectively, shall thereafter
          have the right to elect two directors (each) until all arrears in
          required cash dividends (whether or not declared) on such shares have
          been paid. Its bylaws provide for eight members on its Board of
          Directors. At December 31, 1995, the Company had no accumulated and
          unpaid dividends on Series C and E preferred shares.

NOTE 8.   STOCK OPTION PLANS

          The Company has reserved 125,000 shares of its common stock for
          issuance upon exercise of incentive stock options under the 1984
          Incentive Stock Option Plan. The plan provides that options must be
          granted within ten years after February 8, 1984, the effective date of
          the plan, must have not more than a ten year term, and, in general,
          must be exercised during the optionee's employment. The exercise price
          must be equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the date
          of the grant. Subject to the limitations in the plan, an Employee
          Incentive Stock Option Plan committee of the Board of Directors
          determines the optionee, the number of shares covered by each option
          and the duration of each option. As of December 31, 1995 and 1994,
          options aggregating 50,000 shares had been granted, exercisable at
          prices of $1.31 to $1.75 per share.

          In addition, the Company has reserved 500,000 shares of common stock
          for issuance upon exercise of incentive stock options under the 1988
          Incentive Stock Option Plan. The plan provides that no option is
          exercisable less than six months nor more than ten years from the
          grant date, and, in general, must be exercised during the optionee's
          employment. The exercise price must be at least equal to the fair
          market value of the common stock on the date of the grant. Subject to
          limitations in the plan, a Personnel and Compensation Committee of the
          Board of Directors determines the optionee, the number of shares to be
          granted to each employee and the restrictions to be imposed upon each
          grant. As of December 31, 1995 and 1994, no options to purchase stock
          under this plan were outstanding.



                                      F-17

<PAGE>   35

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 9.   STOCK WARRANTS

          Previously issued warrants to purchase 500,000 shares of the Company's
          common stock, issued to two former Company directors, were cancelled
          and extinguished during the year ended December 31, 1994.

NOTE 10.  INCOME TAXES

          As referred to in Note 1, the Company accounts for income taxes under
          SFAS 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." The deferred taxes are the
          result of long-term temporary differences between financial reporting
          and tax reporting for earnings from the Company's partnership
          investment in Security Land and Development Company Limited
          Partnership related to depreciation and amortization and the
          recognition of income tax carryforward items.

          At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company's net deferred tax asset,
          utilizing a 34% effective tax rate, consists of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        1995                1994
                                                                        ----                ----
            <S>                                                     <C>                 <C>
            Deferred tax assets:
               Investment partnership earnings                      $  1,020,000        $  1,020,000
               Net operating loss carryforwards                       15,060,000          16,210,000
                                                                    ------------        ------------
            Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance      16,080,000          17,230,000

            Valuation allowance                                      (16,080,000)        (17,230,000)
                                                                    ------------        ------------
               Net deferred tax asset                               $          -        $          -
                                                                    ============        ============

</TABLE>


          The valuation allowance was established to reduce the net deferred tax
          asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. This
          reduction is necessary due to uncertainty of the Company's ability to
          utilize the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before
          they expire.

          For regular federal income tax purposes, the Company has remaining net
          operating loss carryforwards of approximately $44,300,000. These
          losses can be carried forward to offset future taxable income and, if
          not utilized, will expire in varying amounts beginning in the year
          2000. The Company's tax returns have not recently been examined by the
          Internal Revenue Service ("Service") and there is no assurance that
          the Service would not attempt to limit the Company's use of its net
          operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.

          For the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994, the tax effect of net
          operating loss carryforwards reduced the current provision for regular
          federal income taxes by approximately $1,150,000 and $1,020,000,
          respectively. At December 31, 1995, the Company has provided $70,000
          for taxes, which relates to alternative minimum tax liabilities.


                                      F-18

<PAGE>   36

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 11.  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

          On February 1, 1996, the Company entered into a written employment
          agreement with Gary K. Nuttall pursuant to which Mr. Nuttall was
          employed as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
          Nuttall's agreement calls for him to receive 466,667 shares of the
          Company's common stock upon execution, one-half of which may be
          forfeited by Mr. Nuttall under certain circumstances. During his
          employment with the Company, Mr. Nuttall is to receive base
          compensation in the amount of $3,000 payable semi-monthly, and
          certain other benefits. He is to receive a cash flow bonus equal to
          20% of eligible cash flow, defined generally as net cash provided (or
          used) by operations and distributions from partnerships or
          distributions from or sales of other passive investments and income
          tax expense as reported on the financial statements of the Company
          each year before such bonus, however, distributions from proceeds of
          sale or refinancing of Security Land and Development Company Limited
          Partnership ("Security") shall only be included to the extent that
          such cash flows exceed the carrying amount of Security on the
          Company's financial statement. It is payable in cash, or part of
          which may be paid in warrants to purchase the Company's common stock,
          at 50% of the average bid price, at the option of the Company.
          Mr. Nuttall is also to receive a bonus equal to 10% of any financing
          secured solely by the Company's investment in Security, part of which
          may also be paid in the Company's common stock or in warrants to
          purchase the Company's common stock, at 50% of the average bid price
          for the week ended December 1, 1995, also at the option of the
          Company. The agreement also provides for a grant of options to
          purchase 450,000 shares of the Company's common stock pursuant to the
          terms of the Company's 1988 Incentive Stock Option Plan. The options
          shall become exercisable at the rate of 150,000 shares for each $.03
          annual increase in the per share book value of the Company excluding
          the effects of the non-cash income accrual on the Company's
          investment in Security, and the effects of any non-cash interest
          expense on indebtedness of the Company secured by the investment in
          Security. The option price is the greater of 50% of the average of
          the bid price for the Company's common stock during the week ended
          December 1, 1995 or the par value of the stock at the date of the
          grant.
        
NOTE 12.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          In 1995, L. J. Horbach and Associates, of which L. J. Horbach, a
          director of the Company, is the sole owner, was compensated for
          services rendered in the amount of $33,000 under an agreement to
          provide certain administrative services to the Company for a monthly  
          fee of $3,000.                                 
  
          In 1994, Mr. Horbach advanced the Company $50,000 to fund the equity
          investment in Security Land and Development Company Limited
          Partnership. The funds were repaid with interest during 1994. In
          addition, Mr. Horbach was issued 10,000 shares of the Company's
          common stock, out of treasury shares, for the payment of commitment
          fees. L. J. Horbach and Associates was also compensated for services
          rendered in the amount of $1,500. Mr. Horbach also holds 1,238 shares
          of the Junior Series D preferred stock.
        
  

                                      F-19

<PAGE>   37

                   REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


NOTE 13.  GOING CONCERN

          Since 1990 the Company has had limited operating activities and
          substantially all of its efforts have been devoted to acquiring or
          developing profitable operations. The Company's ability to become an
          operating entity and to continue in existence is partly dependent upon
          its ability to arrange adequate financing and to attain satisfactory
          levels of operating cash flows, including its ability to develop
          positive cash flow and profitable operations in NRDC to meet its
          obligations. However, due to the minimal operating expenses the
          Company currently has, management believes the Company can continue in
          existence for an extended period of time. Additionally, the Company's
          anticipated cash flow from its investment in Security (see Note 2) and
          the proceeds of anticipated financings should provide sufficient
          working capital to fund its 1996 operations and obligations.

NOTE 14.  PRIOR PERIOD ADJUSTMENT

          In 1994, management of the Company determined that its 1993
          acquisition of NRDC had been improperly accounted for. Originally the
          acquisition was recorded at the March 16, 1994 appraised value of
          NRDC's inventory ($15,000,000). The acquisition should have been
          recorded at the purchase cost of NRDC's net assets which approximates
          the estimated historical cost of NRDC's underlying assets and
          liabilities.

          The correction of the error has been recorded as a prior period
          adjustment and, therefore, certain 1993 ending and 1994 beginning
          balance sheet amounts have been restated. The effect of the
          restatement on the balance sheet follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          December 31, 1993      December 31, 1993
                                                             Balances As             Balances
                                                         Previously Reported        As Adjusted
                                                         -------------------     -----------------
            <S>                                             <C>                      <C>         
            Inventory                                       $15,000,000              $850,000

            Long-term Debt                                  $   542,000              $272,100
                                                                                
            Minority Interest                               $ 2,891,287              $115,267

            Shareholders' Equity                            $11,438,221              $334,141

</TABLE>



          The effect on 1993 results of operations and net loss per share of the
          prior period adjustment was not material.

                                     F-20
<PAGE>   38
                          Reznick Fedder & Silverman
               Certified Public Accountants - Business Consultants
                           A Professional Corporation



        4520 East-West Highway - Suite 300 - Bethesda, MD 20814-3319 -
                     (301) 652-9100 - Fax (301) 652-1848



                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



To the Partners
Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership



     We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Security Land and
Development Company Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1995, and the
related statements of operations, changes in partners, capital and cash flows
for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of
the partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audit.

     We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Security Land and
Development Company Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1995, and the
results of its operations, changes in partners' capital and cash flows for the
year then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.



Bethesda, Maryland
January 25, 1996

                              [List of addresses]


                                     F-21
<PAGE>   39
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

         There has not been and do not presently exist any disagreements
between the Company and its accountants concerning accounting principles,
auditing procedures or financial disclosure.


                                    PART III


ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CONTROL PERSONS OF THE REGISTRANT.

         Identification of directors and officers.

         Since there has not been an annual meeting of the stockholders since
August of 1988, the sitting Directors have appointed persons to fill existing
vacancies on the Board. Executive officers are elected annually by the Board of
Directors or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. In
connection with the Transaction, new directors were designated to fill eight
vacant director positions to serve until elected at the next annual meeting of
stockholders.  Following is a list of the names and addresses, ages, positions
with the Company, principal occupation and periods of service of the directors.



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    
                                                    POSITIONS AND OFFICES HELD AND PRINCIPAL  
                                                    OCCUPATIONS OR EMPLOYMENT DURING PAST FIVE
 NAME, ADDRESS (AGE)                                YEARS                                     
 <S>                                                <C>

 Stephanie Carey (45)                               Director since July 1993. Ms. Carey is a principal and the
 West Bay Street                                    Investment Manager for Managed Companies with Bradley
 P.O. Box CB 10985                                  Management (Bahamas) Limited. She is also a director of
 Nassau, Bahamas                                    Regal Bahamas International Airways Limited.

</TABLE>




                                       18
<PAGE>   40
<TABLE>
 <S>                                                <C>
 Martin J. Craffey (58)                             Director since July 1993. From January 1988 until December
 58 Mainsail Drive                                  31, 1993, Mr. Craffey was a real estate and business
 Patchogue, New York  11772                         broker and contract vendee with Prudential Realty of Long
                                                    Island, N.Y.  Mr. Craffey is presently employed in seeking
                                                    financing for and reorganizing real estate projects.

 Larry J. Horbach (54)                              Director from 1987 to 1990, from 1992 to February 15, 1994
 1869 South 120th Street                            and since November 16, 1994. Interim Secretary and
 Omaha, Nebraska 68144                              Treasurer from July 1993 until his resignation effective
                                                    February 15, 1994.  Mr. Horbach has been Chairman of the
                                                    Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gateway
                                                    Energy Corporation since June 1990 and had served as a
                                                    director of Seilon, Inc., both reporting companies under
                                                    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  In addition, during
                                                    the past five years, Mr. Horbach has been associated with
                                                    L.J. Horbach & Associates, a firm specializing in re-
                                                    organizations and restructurings. Mr. Horbach was
                                                    designated to fill a vacancy on the Board on November 16,
                                                    1994.


 Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D. (52)                           Director since July 1993. Dr. Kelly is principal and Chief
 10 Winged Foot Drive                               Executive Officer of Human Resource Concepts, Novato, CA,
 Novato, California  94949                          a registered minority owned management consultant firm and
                                                    has a private practice. Dr. Kelly is a licensed
                                                    Psychologist in both Arizona and California. Dr. Kelly
                                                    received her Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology in 1990. She
                                                    received a discharge under Chapter 12 of the United States
                                                    Bankruptcy laws in 1991.


 Gary K. Nuttall (49)                               Director and President since February, 1996. Since 1994,
 381 Robinwood Lane                                 Mr. Nuttall has served as President of G-BAN Inc., an
 Wheaton, IL 60187                                  investment and financial services advisory company. From
                                                    1990 to 1994, Mr. Nuttall served as managing partner and
                                                    managing director of Cornerstone Financial Advisors
                                                    Limited Partnership of Chicago, Illinois.

</TABLE>




                                       19
<PAGE>   41
<TABLE>
 <S>                     <C>                        <C>
 William R. Ponsoldt, Jr. (29)                      Director since July 1993. Mr. Ponsoldt is an attorney
 50 S.E. Kindred Street                             engaged in the private practice of law in Florida with the
 Stuart, Fla.  34994                                law firm of Kohl, Metzter, Spotts, P.A. Formerly, he was
                                                    with Kohl, Bobko, McKey, McManus & Higgins, P.A.



 Eunice M. Antosh (46)                              Secretary of the Company since February 25, 1994.  Mrs.
 Rural Route One                                    Antosh has been employed by L.J. Horbach & Associates
 Box 130                                            since 1983 being responsible for clerical and accounting
 Yutan, Nebraska 68073                              matters.
</TABLE>


         Each of Messrs. Ponsoldt and Craffey, Dr. Kelly and Ms. Carey were
appointed directors of the Company by Statesman as part of the closing of the
Transaction on July 7, 1993.  Each had an understanding with Statesman and/or
the Company that as an inducement to accept their positions as directors he or
she would receive certain consideration from Statesman and/or the Company as
set forth in Item 11, COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS, to which reference is made.

         Mr. Horbach was a Director of the Company from 1987 to 1990 and again
from 1992 to February 15, 1994.  As noted above, he rejoined the Board on
November 16, 1994 agreeing to serve as a director until the next shareholders'
meeting, at which time he intends not to stand for re- election.  Mr. Horbach
served as the interim President of the Registrant on a part time basis until
the closing of the 1993 Transaction.  Mr.  Horbach had served as the chief
financial officer of the Company from 1987 to 1989 and as Secretary of the
Company from July 7, 1993 to February 15, 1994.  From 1976 through the current
date, Mr. Horbach was primarily self-employed with L.J. Horbach & Associates, a
firm specializing in reorganizations. He previously served as Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of American Beef Packers, Inc., now Sudbury
Holdings, Inc., on a part time basis from 1977 through that Company's
reorganization in 1983, after which he continued to work for Sudbury on a
project by project basis.  From 1963 to 1976 he was with Arthur Andersen & Co.,
a public accounting firm.  In January 1990, Mr. Horbach was elected to the
Board of Directors of Gateway Sporting Goods Company, a public company (name
later changed to Gateway Energy Corporation.).  In June 1990, Mr. Horbach was
appointed the interim President and agreed to serve as the interim Chairman of
the Board upon the resignation of the then president and chairman, and is
currently serving as Gateway's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.
In January 1992, Mr.  Horbach was also elected to the Board of Directors of
Seilon, Inc., a public company currently restructuring and without operations
and resigned therefrom on December 13, 1994.  On February 7, 1995, Regency
Affiliates, Inc. entered into an agreement with L.J. Horbach & Associates, Inc.
pursuant to which L.J. Horbach & Associates, Inc. will provide certain
administrative services to the Company for a monthly fee of





                                       20
<PAGE>   42
$3,000, including but not limited to accounting and stock transfer record
keeping.  L.J. Horbach & Associates, Inc. is wholly owned by Larry J.  Horbach.


         Item 405 Disclosure.

         Stephanie Carey failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting on her
September, 1995 sale of 100,000 shares of the Company's $0.40 p.v.  Common
Stock in a private transaction.  Ms. Carey did report the transaction on a Form
5.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.


         Summary Compensation Table.

         The following table sets forth the annual and long-term compensation,
attributable to all service in the fiscal year 1995 to Mr. Craig R. Grossman,
Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D., and Ms. Eunice M. Antosh, the only officers who received
compensation during fiscal 1995.





                                       21
<PAGE>   43
                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Long Term Compensation
                                                                               ----------------------
                                    Annual Compensation                        Awards                 Payouts
                                    -------------------------------------------------------------------------
      (A)          (B)         (C)            (D)          (E)            (F)            (G)            (H)             (I)


                                                        Other                        Securities
 Name and                                               Annual      Restricted       Underlying                    All Other
 Principal                                              Compen-     Stock            Options/       LTIP           Compensation
 Position        Year     Salary ($)     Bonus ($)      sation ($)  Award(s) ($)     SARs (#)       Payouts ($)    $
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 <S>             <C>      <C>              <C>            <C>          <C>             <C>               <C>         <C>

 Edward G.       1995     -0-              -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-          
 Harshfield      1994     -0-              -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
                 1993     -0-              -0-            -0-          -0-              750,000(1)       -0-         -0-


 Gary F.         1995     -0-              -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
 Spahn           1994     20,000.00        -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
                 1993     12,500.00        -0-            -0-          -0-             250,000(2)        -0-         -0-


 Craig R.        1995     25,000.00        -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
 Grossman,       1994     18,000.00        -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
 President       1993      -0-             -0-            -0-          -0-             2,000(3)          -0-         -0-


 Pamlyn          1995       6,000.00       -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
 Kelly, Ph.D.    1994         500.00       -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
 President       1993      -0-             -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-


 Eunice M.       1995     11,000.00        -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
 Antosh,         1994      -0-             -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
 Secretary       1993      -0-             -0-            -0-          -0-             -0-               -0-         -0-
</TABLE>

____________________________

               (1) During the fiscal year ending December 31, 1994, Mr.
          Harshfield relinquished the remaining unexercised warrants held by
          him.

               (2) During the fiscal year ending December 31, 1994, Mr. Spahn
          relinquished the remaining unexercised warrants held by him.

               (3) Statesman Group, Inc. granted Mr. Grossman warrants to
          purchase 2,000 shares of the Company's Cumulative Senior Preferred
          $100 Series-C Stock from Statesman at $0.01 per share.

                                       22
<PAGE>   44
STOCK OPTIONS.

         The Option/SAR Grants Table is omitted as there were no individual
grants of stock options (whether or not in tandem with SARs) nor freestanding
SARs made during the last completed fiscal year.

         The Aggregated Option/SAR Exercises in Last Fiscal Year and FY-End
Option/SAR Values table is omitted as there were no exercise of stock options
(nor tandem SARs) nor freestanding SARs during the last completed fiscal year.

         Incentive Stock Option Plans.

         The Company has reserved 500,000 shares of its Common Stock for
issuance under the 1988 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN.  In addition, 125,000 shares were
reserved for issuance under the 1984 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION PLAN.  During the
year ending December 31, 1995, no options were granted to executive officers or
directors under either plan.

         Non-Qualified Stock Options.

         The shareholders of the Company approved in 1989 non-qualified stock
options (stock purchase warrants), granted by the Board of Directors in 1988,
for the purchase of 100,000 shares of Regency's Common Stock to Donald L.
Anderson, a former director, 75,000 shares to each of L.J. Horbach and Paul V.
Degenhart, a former officer and director, and 25,000 shares to each of Stanley
M. Seeds and Joseph Wilwerding (also former directors).  Each of these options
was exercisable at $1.50 per share and had a five-year term beginning on
December 19, 1988. In July, 1988, Messrs. Degenhart, Horbach and Wilwerding
exercised their warrants by execution of a secured promissory note to the
Company.  The notes were secured by the shares received upon exercise of the
warrants.  As part of the Restructuring Plan, certain of these promissory notes
were forgiven in a compromise and settlement of prior compensation due the
executive officers and certain shares issued upon exercise of the warrants, as
well as the remaining warrants, were forfeited and returned to the Company.

OTHER.

         LTIP Awards.

         There have been no awards under any Long-Term Incentive Plan during
the last completed fiscal year.

         Defined Benefit Plans.

         The Company has no defined benefit or actuarial plans.





                                       23
<PAGE>   45
         Compensation of Directors.

         Standard Arrangements.  The members of the Board of Directors of
Regency Affiliates, Inc. did not receive any standard compensation for services
as directors or for attendance at meetings during the last completed fiscal
year.

         Other Arrangements.  There were no other arrangements pursuant  to
which any director of the Regency Affiliates, Inc. was compensated during the
Company's last completed fiscal year for services provided as a director.

         Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment and Change in Control
Arrangements.

         As of December 31, 1995, Regency Affiliates, Inc. had no formal
employment contracts with any executive officers. On February 1, 1996, the
Company entered into a written employment agreement with Gary K. Nuttall
pursuant to which Mr. Nuttall was employed as the Company's President and Chief
Executive Officer.  Mr. Nuttall's agreement calls for him to receive 466,667
shares of the Company's $0.40 p.v. Common Stock upon execution, one-half of
which may be forfeited by Mr. Nuttall under certain circumstances.  During his
employment with the Company, Mr. Nuttall is to receive base compensation in the
amount of $3,000 payable semi-monthly, a cash flow bonus equal to 20% of
eligible cash flow, payable in cash or in warrants to purchase the Company's
$0.40 p.v. Common Stock, at the option of the Company, and certain other
benefits.  Mr. Nuttall is also to receive a bonus equal to 10% of any financing
secured solely by the Company's investment in Security Land And Development
Company Limited Partnership, part of which may also be paid in warrants to
purchase the Company's $0.40 p.v. Common Stock, also at the option of the
Company.  The agreement also provides for a grant of options to purchase
450,000 shares of the Company's $0.40 p.v. Common Stock pursuant to the terms
of the Company's 1988 Incentive Stock Option Plan.  The option price is the
greater of 50% of the average of the bid price for the Company's $0.40 p.v.
Common Stock during the week ending December 1, 1995 or the par value of the
stock at the date of the grant.  In the event that Mr. Nuttall's employment is
terminated without cause by the Company, Mr. Nuttall is entitled to receive his
base compensation, other compensation and benefits for a twelve month period
following his termination.  A copy of Mr. Nuttall's agreement is filed herewith
at page E-12.

         Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation.

         This item is omitted as Regency Affiliates, Inc. qualifies as a "small
business issuer" under Rule 405 and Regulation S-B.

         Performance Graph.





                                       24
<PAGE>   46
         This item is omitted as Regency Affiliates, Inc. qualifies as a "small
business issuer" under Rule 405 and Regulation S-B.

         Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in
Compensation Decisions.

         This item is omitted as Regency Affiliates, Inc. qualifies as a "small
business issuer" under Rule 405 and Regulation S-B.


ITEM 12.         SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
                 MANAGEMENT.
 
         Security ownership of certain beneficial owners.

         To the best of the Company's knowledge, the only beneficial owners of
more than five percent of Regency's voting securities as of February 1, 1996
are listed below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            (2) Name and address of        (3) Amount and nature of      (4) Percent of
                                ---------------------          ----------------- --          ----------
   (1) Title of class           beneficial owner             beneficial ownership             class
       --------------           ----------------             --------------------             -----
   <S>                        <C>                                 <C>                         <C>

   Regency Affiliates,        Statesman Group, Inc.               2,644,710 (4)                22.7%
     Inc. $0.40 p.v.          King & George Streets
      Common Stock               Nassau, Bahamas
   Regency Affiliates,         Gary K. Nuttall and                  666,667 (5)                5.7%
     Inc. $0.40 p.v.               G-BAN Inc.
      Common Stock             381 Robinwood Lane
                                Wheaton, IL 60187

</TABLE>




____________________

        (4) The nature of beneficial ownership is sole investment power and sole
voting power as to all shares listed.

        (5) 466,667 shares of the Company's $0.40 p.v. Common Stock were owned
directly by Gary K. Nuttall as of February 1, 1996 over which Mr. Nuttall has
sole investment power and sole voting power. An additional 200,000 shares were
owned as of that date by G-BAN Inc., a corporation owned by members of the
immediate family of Mr. Nuttall and a corporation of which Mr. Nuttall serves as
Secretary and Treasurer and a member of its Board of Directors.  As a director
of G-BAN Inc., Mr. Nuttall shares the power to direct the vote and direct the
disposition of the shares held by G-BAN Inc.

                                       25
<PAGE>   47
<TABLE>
    <S>                   <C>                                        <C>                      <C>
    Transcontinental      Statesman Group, Inc.                      250 (6)                   20%
    Drilling Company,     King & George Streets
     Inc. $1.00 p.v.      Nassau, Bahamas
      Common Stock
</TABLE>


         Statesman Group, Inc. is an international business corporation
organized under the laws of the Bahamas.  Statesman's principal business is the
making of investments in the United States and elsewhere.  Statesman is
currently a holding company for the securities acquired by it in the 1993
Transaction.  Both its principal business and principal office is located at
King & George Streets, Nassau, Bahamas.  The William R.  Ponsoldt, Sr.
Irrevocable Trust dated April 15, 1991 is the controlling person of Statesman.
The William R. Ponsoldt Sr. Trust is an irrevocable trust for the benefit of
William R. Ponsoldt, Jr., a director of the Company, Tracey A. Ponsoldt, now
married and sometimes known as Tracey A. Powers, and Christopher J. Ponsoldt,
all children of William R. Ponsoldt, Sr.  The acting trustee of the William R.
Ponsoldt, Sr.  Irrevocable Trust dated April 15, 1991 has the sole right to
control the disposition of and vote the Regency securities acquired by
Statesman and the irrevocable proxies over Regency Common Stock delivered to
Statesman pursuant to the terms of the 1993 Transaction.

         On February 1, 1996, Mr. Nuttall was elected as President and Chief
Executive Officer of Regency Affiliates, Inc.  As an inducement for Mr. Nuttall
to assume his offices and enter into the employment agreement with Regency
Affiliates, Inc. heretofore described, the Company issued to Mr. Nuttall
466,667 shares of the Company's $0.40 p.v. Common Stock.  G-BAN Inc. is a
corporation organized under the laws of the State of Illinois.  All of the
issued and outstanding shares of G-BAN Inc. are owned directly by Mr. Nuttall's
wife and children.  G-BAN Inc.  received 200,000 shares of the Company's $0.40
p.v. Common Stock from the Company as part of the finder's fee paid by the
Company for the acquisition by the Company of its partnership interest in
Security Land And Development Company Limited Partnership.  Mr. Nuttall
disclaims the right to acquire beneficial ownership of the shares held by G-BAN
Inc.

         Security ownership of management.

         The following tables set forth as of February 1, 1996 the number of
shares of Regency's on $0.40 p.v. Common Stock beneficially owned by each
director and by all executive officers and directors of Regency as a group as
of such date.  Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole voting and
investment powers with respect to the shares indicated.





____________________

        (6) The nature of beneficial ownership is sole investment power and sole
voting power as to all shares listed.

                                       26
<PAGE>   48
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            (2) Name of   beneficial       (3) Amount and nature of      (4) Percent of
                                --------------------           ----------------- --          ----------
   (1) Title of class                 owner                  beneficial ownership             class
       --------------                 -----                  --------------------             -----
   <S>                     <C>                                     <C>                        <C>



   Regency Affiliates,         Gary K. Nuttall and                  666,667 (7)               5.7%
     Inc. $0.40 p.v.               G-BAN Inc.
      Common Stock
   Regency Affiliates,          Larry J. Horbach                    385,204 (8)               3.3%
     Inc. $0.40 p.v.
      Common Stock


   Regency Affiliates,          Eunice M. Antosh                     62,345                   0.5%
     Inc. $0.40 p.v.
      Common Stock


   Regency Affiliates,     All officers and directors             1,114,216                   9.6%
     Inc. $0.40 p.v.       as a group (3 individuals)
      Common Stock
</TABLE>

Cumulative Senior Preferred $100 Series-C Stock

         As of December 31, 1995 certain members of the Board of Directors of
Regency Affiliates, Inc. held warrants to purchase Cumulative Senior Preferred
$100 Series-C Stock from Statesman Group, Inc., as follows: William R.
Ponsoldt, Jr. (warrants to purchase 1,000 shares); Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.
(warrants to purchase 1,000 shares); and Martin J. Craffey (warrants to
purchase 1,000 shares).





____________________

        (7) See footnote 5 supra.

        (8) An irrevocable proxy with respect to 375,205 of these shares, so
long as the shares are held by Mr. Horbach, was given to Statesman Group, Inc.
as part of the 1993 Transaction.

                                       27
<PAGE>   49
Series-D Junior Preferred Stock - $10 Stated Value

         Larry J. Horbach holds 1,238 shares of the Series-D Junior Preferred
Stock - $10 Stated Value over which he has sole voting power and sole
investment power.


ITEM 13.         CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

         Transactions with management and others.

         During the fiscal year ending December 31, 1995, the Company made
payments of interest and principal to Statesman aggregating $25,211, leaving a
principal balance due Statesman at year end of $80,000.

         Reference is made to Part III, Item 12, page 26 of this report for a
description of the transactions with Mr. Gary K. Nuttall which resulted in Mr.
Nuttall becoming a director and an executive officer of the Company and
receiving the securities described therein.

         Certain business relationships.

         At the end of Regency Affiliates, Inc.'s last fiscal year the Company
had no indebtedness to Larry J. Horbach.

         Indebtedness of Management.

         Reference is made to "Non-Qualified Stock Options" under Part III,
Item 11.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.         EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM
                 8-K.

Financial information:

(2)      Exhibits

                 See Index to Exhibits

(3)      Certain schedules are omitted because of the condition under which
         they are required or because the required information is included in
         the financial statements or notes thereof.

(4)      Reports on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the Company's fiscal
         year:





                                       28
<PAGE>   50
         None.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

         Reference is made to Part III, Item 12, page 26 of this report for a
description of the transactions with Mr. Gary K. Nuttall which resulted in Mr.
Nuttall becoming a director and an executive officer of the Company and
receiving the securities described therein.





            (The balance of this page was intentionally left blank).





                                       29
<PAGE>   51
                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


                           REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.                    
                       -------------------------------
                                  (Registrant)


3/27/96                                              /s/ Gary K. Nuttall
__________                                       By: __________________________
Date                                                 Gary K. Nuttall, President



         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DATE                                                                SIGNATURE AND TITLE
- ----                                                                -------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>


3/27/96                                                                   /s/ Gary K. Nuttall                           
- ---------------                                                           ----------------------------------------------
Date                                                                      Gary K. Nuttall, President


3/27/96                                                                   /s/Eunice Antosh                         
- -----------------                                                         ------------------------------------------
Date                                                                      Eunice Antosh, Secretary


3/27/96                                                                   /s/ Stephenie Carey                     
- -----------------                                                         -----------------------------------------
Date                                                                      Stephanie Carey,*
                                                                          Director


3/27/96                                                                   /s/ Martin J. Craffey                      
- ---------------                                                           -------------------------------------------
Date                                                                      Martin J. Craffey,*
                                                                          Director

</TABLE>




<PAGE>   52
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                      <C>
3/27/96                                                                  /s/ Larry J. Horbach                    
- -----------------                                                        -----------------------------------------
Date                                                                     Larry J. Horbach,*
                                                                         Director


3/27/96                                                                  /s/ Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.                  
- -----------------                                                        ------------------------------------------
Date                                                                     Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.,*
                                                                         Director


3/27/96                                                                    /s/ Gary K. Nuttall                
- ----------                                                                ------------------------------------
Date                                                                     Gary K. Nuttall,*
                                                                         Director



 3/27/96                                                                   /s/ William R. Ponsoldt, Jr.        
- -----------                                                               -------------------------------------
Date                                                                      William R. Ponsoldt, Jr.,*
                                                                          Director





                                                                         *By /s/ Gary K. Nuttall                 
                                                                            -------------------------------------
                                                                            Gary K. Nuttall,
                                                                            Attorney-in-fact
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   53
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                         Description of Document
- -----------                         -----------------------
    <S>                             <C>

    1 (a)                           Agreement For Acquisition among Regency Affiliates, Inc., Statesman 
                                    Group, Inc., and National Resource Development Corporation, as amended, 
                                    and incorporated herein by reference

    1 (b)                           Irrevocable Proxies over 855,991 shares of Regency's $0.40 par value 
                                    Common Stock, and incorporated herein by reference

    1 (c)                           National Resource Development Corporation Assignment and Assumption 
                                    Agreement, and incorporated herein by reference

    1 (d)                           Security Land And Development Company Limited Partnership 
                                    Agreement, as amended, filed as Exhibit 1(a) to Registrant's Annual Report 
                                    on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, and incorporated 
                                    herein by reference

    1 (e)                           Letter Agreement dated November 17, 1994 between TCG Management 
                                    Corporation and Regency Affiliates, Inc., filed as Exhibit 1(b) to 
                                    Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
                                    1994, and incorporated herein by reference

    1 (f)                           Security Land And Development Company Limited Partnership Irrevocable  
                                    Written Instruction Concerning Payments From Escrow Fund, filed as 
                                    Exhibit 1(c) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
                                    December 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference

    1 (g)                           Audited financial statement for Security Land And Development Company 
                                    Limited Partnership, filed as Exhibit 1(d) to Registrant's Annual Report 
                                    on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, and incorporated
                                    herein by reference


     3 (a)                          Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant filed at Exhibit 6.1 to 
                                    Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-14, Registration No. 2-66923    
                                    1 (a), p. E-1 Agreement For Acquisition among Regency Affiliates, Inc., 
                                    Statesman Group, Inc., and National Resource Development Corporation, as 
                                    amended, and incorporated herein by reference

</TABLE>




                                       32
<PAGE>   54
<TABLE>
<S>                                 <C>
     3 (b)                          Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant filed 
                                    at Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, and incorporated 
                                    herein by reference

     3 (c)                          Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed February 15, 1988, 
                                    and incorporated herein by reference

     3 (d)                          By-laws of Registrant filed at Exhibit 3.4 to Registrant's Registration 
                                    Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 2-86906, and incorporated herein 
                                    by reference

     4                              Certificate of Designation - Series A Cumulative $10 Convertible 
                                    Preferred Stock, $.10 par value, filed as Exhibit to Form 8-K dated 
                                    June 19, 1989, and incorporated herein by reference

     4 (a)                          Restated Certificate of Designation Series A $10 Convertible Preferred 
                                    Stock, $.10 par value filed as Exhibit to Form 10-K dated June 7, 1993 
                                    and incorporated herein by reference

     4 (b)                          Certificate of Designation - Series B Preferred Stock, $10 Stated Value, 
                                    $.10 Par Value filed as Exhibit to Form 10-K dated June 7, 1993 and 
                                    incorporated herein by reference

     4 (c)                          Certificate of Designation - Series C Preferred Stock, $100 Stated Value, 
                                    $.10 Par Value filed as Exhibit to Form 10-K dated June 7, 1993 and 
                                    incorporated herein by reference

     4 (d)                          Certificate of Designation - Series D Junior Preferred Stock, $10 Stated 
                                    Value, $.10 Par Value filed as Exhibit to Form 10-K dated June 7, 1993 and 
                                    incorporated herein by reference

     4 (e)                          Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Cumulative Senior 
                                    Preferred Stock $100, Series C and incorporated herein by reference

     4 (f)                          Specimen of Certificate representing Cumulative Senior Preferred Stock $100, 
                                    Series C and incorporated herein by reference

     4 (g)                          Specimen of Certificate representing Warrants and incorporated herein by 
                                    reference

     4 (h)                          Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences and Rights of Cumulative 
                                    Senior Preferred $100, Series-C Stock, filed as Exhibit 4(a) to
</TABLE>





                                       33
<PAGE>   55
<TABLE>
   <S>                              <C>
                                    Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, 
                                    and incorporated herein by reference

    4 (i)                           Certificate of Designation of Preferences and Rights of Cumulative Contingent 
                                    Convertible Senior Preferred $100, Series-E Stock, filed as Exhibit 4(b) to 
                                    Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, 
                                    and incorporated herein by reference

    4 (j)                           Specimen Certificate for Cumulative Contingent Convertible Senior Preferred 
                                    $100, Series-E Stock, filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Registrant's Annual Report on 
                                    Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by 
                                    reference

    9                               Letter dated November 30, 1994 from R.L. Quint & Co. to Regency Affiliates, 
                                    Inc., filed as Exhibit 4(c) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
                                    the year ended December 31, 1994


    10                              1984 Incentive Stock Option filed as exhibit to Registrants' 1984 Proxy 
                                    Statement, and incorporated herein by reference

    10 (a)                          Agreement For Acquisition among Regency Affiliates, Inc., Statesman Group, 
                                    Inc., and National Resource Development Corporation filed as Exhibit to 
                                    Form 10-K dated June 7, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference

    10 (b)                          Agreement between Regency Affiliates, Inc. and Edward G. Harshfield, as 
                                    amended and incorporated herein by reference

    10 (c)                          Agreement dated July 25, 1994 between Edward G. Harshfield and Regency 
                                    Affiliates, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant's Annual Report 
                                    on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

    10 (d)                          Agreement dated July 21, 1994 between Gary F. Spahn and Regency Affiliates, 
                                    Inc., filed as Exhibit 10(b) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
                                    the year ended December 31, 1994

    10 (e)                          Letter Agreement dated February 7, 1995 between L.J. Horbach & Associates, 
                                    Inc., filed as Exhibit 10(c) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 
                                    10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

    22                              Schedule of Registrant's subsidiaries, and incorporated herein by reference

</TABLE>




                                       34
<PAGE>   56
<TABLE>
    <S>                             <C>
    28                              Private Placement Offering Memorandum dated June 3, 1991 offering 
                                    $400,000 of Regency Restructuring Serial Promissory Notes filed as 
                                    Exhibit to Form 10-K dated June 7, 1993 and incorporated herein by 
                                    reference
</TABLE>


EXHIBITS FILED HEREWITH:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                         Description of Document
- -----------                         -----------------------
<S>                                 <C>

4.1, p. E-1                         Certificate of Designation - Series C Preferred Stock, $100 Stated Value, 
                                    $.10 Par Value

10.1, p. E-12                       Agreement executed February 1, 1996 between Gary K. Nuttall and 
                                    Regency Affiliates, Inc.

Exhibit 13

24.1, p. E-23                       Power of Attorney for Stephanie Carey

24.2, p. E-25                       Power of Attorney for Martin J. Craffey

24.3, p. E-27                       Power of Attorney for Larry J. Horbach

24.4, p. E-29                       Power of Attorney for Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.

24.5, p. E-31                       Power of Attorney for William R. Ponsoldt, Jr.

27.1                                Financial Data Schedule

99.1, p. E-49                       Certified resolution of the Board of Directors of Regency Affiliates, Inc. 
                                    authorizing the use of powers of attorney to execute this report on Form 10-
                                    K dated March 20, 1996

</TABLE>




                                       35
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                              State of Delaware                       PAGE 1

                       Office of the Secretary of State
                       -------------------------------

        I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO
HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF
DESIGNATION OF "REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE
EIGHTEENTH DAY OF DECEMBER, A.D. 1995, AT 9 O'CLOCK A.M.

        A CERTIFIED COPY OF THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN FORWARDED TO THE NEW
CASTLE COUNTY RECORDER OF DEEDS FOR RECORDING.


                       [SEAL]      /s/ Edward J. Freel
                                   ------------------------------------------
                                   Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State


                                   AUTHENTICATION:  7766737

0886945 8100                                 DATE:  12-26-95

                                     E-1
950298824
<PAGE>   2
                                                         STATE OF DELAWARE
                                                         SECRETARY OF STATE
                                                      DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS
                                                      FILED 09:00 AM 12/18/1995
                                                        950298824 - 886945







                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                             PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                                       of
                                   Cumulative
                      Senior Preferred Stock $100, Series C
                                       of
                            REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.
                                     AMENDED


     REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the "Corporation" or
"Regency"), in accordance with the provisions of Section 151 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby CERTIFY;

                                     ARTICLE I

     The Restated Certificate of Incorporation fixes the total number of shares
of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have the authority
to issue as thirty million (30,000,000) shares, of which five million
(5,000,000) shares shall be shares of Preferred Stock, with a par value of $0.10
per share and twenty-five million (25,000,000) shares shall be common stock,
with a par value of $0.40 per share ("Common Stock").

                                     ARTICLE II

     The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation expressly
grants to the Board of Directors of the Corporation authority to provide for
the issuance of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, with such voting
powers, full or limited, and with such designations, preferences, and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations
or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto, or in the resolution or
resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted by the Board of
Directors.

                                    ARTICLE III

     Pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, the Board of
Directors, by action duly taken on June 4, 1993,



                                      E-2
<PAGE>   3


and as amended by action duly taken on November 18, 1994, adopted resolutions
that as amended provided for a series of the Preferred Stock as follows:
"RESOLVED", that an issue of a series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation
(such Preferred Stock being herein referred to as "Series C Preferred Stock",
which term shall include any additional shares of Preferred Stock of the same
class heretofore or hereafter authorized to be issued by the Corporation),
consisting of Two Hundred Ten Thousand (210,000) shares is hereby provided for,
and the voting power, designation, preference and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or
restrictions are hereby fixed as follows:

     1. Designation. The designation of such series shall be Cumulative, Senior
Preferred Stock $100, Series C, par value $0.10 per share (hereinafter referred
to as the "Series C Preferred Stock") and the number of shares constituting such
series shall be Two Hundred Ten Thousand (210,000). The number of authorized
shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be reduced by further resolution duly
adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation or an Executive Committee
of the Board of Directors and by the filing of a certificate pursuant to the
provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware stating that
such reduction has been so authorized, but the number of authorized shares of
Series C Preferred Stock shall not be increased.

     2. Dividends. Quarterly Dividend Periods shall commence on September 30,
1993. Such dividends shall be cumulative from the respective dates of original
issue of shares of Series C Stock and shall he payable, in cash or accrued at
the sole option of the Corporation, when and as declared by the Board of
Directors, commencing September 30, 1993 and ending upon redemption as provided
for herein in Section 4. Each such dividend shall be paid to the holders of
record of shares of Series C Preferred Stock as they appear on the stock
register of the Corporation on such record date, not exceeding 30 days preceding
the payment date thereof, as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. Cash dividends on account of accruals for any past Dividend Periods
may be declared and paid at any time, without reference to any regular dividend
payment date, to holders of record on such date, not exceeding 45 days preceding
the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. If there shall be outstanding shares of any other series of
Preferred Stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series C Preferred
Stock, the Corporation, in making any dividend payment on account of accruals on
the Series C Preferred Stock or such other series of Preferred Stock, shall make
payments ratably upon all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock and
such other series of Preferred Stock in proportion to the respective amounts of
dividends in accrued or in arrears upon all such outstanding shares of Series C
Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock to the date of such
dividend payment.

     The amount of dividends per share payable each Quarterly Dividend Period
shall be equal to twenty percent (20%), not to exceed five hundred thousand
($500,000) dollars of the annual





                                       -2-

                                      E-3
<PAGE>   4

after tax earnings (net income based on a December 31 fiscal year end) of
National Resource Development Corporation divided by the number of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. Dividends payable on the Series C
Preferred Stock for any period less than a full Quarterly Dividend Period, shall
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed
in the period for which payable.

     3. Redemption. (a) The Corporation, as it option, may redeem shares of the
Series C Preferred Stock from any holder thereof, as a whole or in part, at any
time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the lesser of the
stated value of the shares so redeemed plus accrued and unpaid dividends, or
the underlying value (fair market value) of the common stock interest
acquired by the Corporation in National Resource Development Corporation, a
Nevada corporation pursuant to the Agreement for Acquisition dated June 4, 1993,
as amended on July 7, 1993. 

     (b) If the Corporation shall redeem shares of Series C Preferred Stock
pursuant to this Section 3, notice of such redemption shall be given by first
class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not less than 15 nor more than 30 days prior
to the redemption date, to each holder of record of the shares to be redeemed,
at such holder's address as the same appears on the stock register of the
Corporation. Each such notice shall state: (i) the redemption date; (ii) the
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than
all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares
to be redeemed from such holder; (iii) the redemption price; (iv) the place or
places where certificates for such shares are to be surrendered for payment of
the redemption price; and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will
cease to accrue on such redemption date. Notice having been mailed as aforesaid,
from and after the redemption date (unless default shall be made by the
Corporation in providing money for the payment of the redemption price)
dividends on the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption
shall cease to accrue, and said shares shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding, and all rights of the holders thereof as stockholders of the
Corporation (except the right to receive from the Corporation the redemption
price and accrued by unpaid dividends) shall cease. Upon surrender in accordance
with said notice of the certificates for any shares so redeemed (properly
endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Board of Directors of the Corporation
shall so require and the notice shall so state), such shares shall be redeemed
by the Corporation at the redemption price aforesaid.

     4. Shares to be Retired. All shares of Series C Preferred Stock redeemed by
the Corporation shall be retired and cancelled and shall be restored to the
status of authorized by unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation
as to series, and may thereafter be issued.




                                        -3-

                                      E-4
<PAGE>   5


     5. Voting. Except as hereinafter in this Section 7 expressly provided or as
otherwise required by law, the Series C Preferred Stock shall have no voting
power.

     Whenever and as often as dividends payable on any share or shares of the
Preferred Stock at the time outstanding shall be accumulated and unpaid for
seven quarterly dividends (whether or not declared and whether or not
consecutive), the holders of record of the Series C Preferred Stock shall
thereafter have the right; to elect two Directors, and, subject to the terms of
any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holder of record of the common
stock, as a single class, shall have the right to elect the remaining authorized
number of Directors. In any such election, the holders of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast one vote per share.

     Upon the happening of the occurrence hereinabove set forth in this Section
7, a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation then entitled to vote
shall be called by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or the President or
the Secretary of the Corporation, if requested in writing by the holders of
record of not less than fifty percent of the Series C Preferred Stock then
outstanding. At such special meeting, or, if no such special meeting shall have
been called, then at the next annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders
of the Corporation then entitled to vote shall elect, voting as above provided,
an entirely new Board of Directors, and the term of office of the Directors in
office at the time of such election shall expire upon the election of their
successors at such meeting; provided, however, that nothing herein contained
shall be construed to be a bar to the re-election of any Director at such
meeting. At all meetings of stockholders at which holders of Series C Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to vote for Directors as a single class, the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or series of capital stock of
the Corporation having the right to vote as a single class shall be necessary
to constitute a quorum, whether present in person or by proxy, for the
election by that class or series of its designated Directors. In order to
validate an election of Directors by stockholder voting as a class, such
Directors shall be elected by the vote of at least a plurality of shares held by
such stockholders present or represented at the meeting. At any such meeting,
the election of Directors by stockholders voting as a class shall be valid
notwithstanding that a quorum of other stockholders voting as one or more
classes may not be present or represented at such meeting, and if any
stockholders voting as a class shall elect Directors, the Directors so elected
shall be deemed to be Directors of the Corporation unless and until the other
stockholders entitled to vote as one or more classes shall elect their
Directors.

     While class voting is in effect with respect to the preferred stock, any
Director elected by holders of preferred stock voting as a class may be removed
at any annual or special meeting, by vote of a majority of the stockholders
voting as a class who elected such Director, for any cause deemed sufficient by
such stockholders present at such meeting. In case any vacancy shall occur among
the Directors elected by such stockholders voting as a class, such vacancy may
be filled


                                       -4-

                                      E-5
<PAGE>   6
by the remaining Director so elected, or his successor then in office, and the
Director so elected to fill such vacancy shall serve until the next meeting of
stockholders for the election of Directors.

     Such voting rights of the holders of Series C Stock as a single class, once
effective, shall continue only until all arrears in required cash dividends
(whether or not declared) on the Series C Preferred Stock shall have been paid
at which time the right to vote as a single class for the election of
Directors, as hereinabove set forth, shall terminate. Upon such termination, a
special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation then entitled to vote may
be called by the Chairman or the President, and shall be called by the Chairman
or the President or the Secretary of the Corporation if requested in writing by
the holders of record of not less than one percent of the common stock then
outstanding, and at such special meeting, or if no such special meeting shall
have been called then at the next annual meeting of the stockholders, the
stockholders of the Corporation then entitled to vote shall elect an entirely
new Board of Directors and the term of office of the Directors in office at the
time of such election shall expire upon the election of their successors at such
meeting; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to
be a bar to the re-election of any such Director at such meeting.

     The consent of a majority of the holders of the shares of Series C
Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting of
stockholders at which the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall vote
separately as a class without regard to series, the holders of shares of Series
C Preferred Stock being entitled to cast one vote per share thereon, shall be
necessary for effecting or validating any change in the Restated Certificate of
Incorporation or certificate supplemental thereto or By-laws of the Corporation
or the Restated Certificate of Designation of Cumulative Senior Preferred
Stock, Series C which would materially and adversely alter or change the
preference, privileges, rights or powers given to the holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock, provided, that if one or more but not all series of preferred
stock at the time outstanding are so affected, only the consent of the holders
of each series so affected, voting separately as a class, shall be required.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein should be construed as affecting
the right of the Corporation to issue shares of any other class of stock of the
Corporation (including other series of Preferred Stock) ranking prior to the
Series C Preferred Stock.

     6. Liquidation Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation, voluntary or involuntary, the holders of all
shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the lesser of net
proceeds of the assets of National Resource Development Corporation ("NRDC")
available for distribution to stockholders, or the Redemption Value under
Section 3(a), before any distribution of assets shall be made to holders of
common stock or of any other shares of stock of the Corporation. if, upon any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the amounts payable with respect to the Series C


                                       -5-

                                      E-6
<PAGE>   7
Preferred Stock and any other shares of preferred stock of the Corporation
ranking as to  any such distribution on a parity with the Series C Preferred
Stock are not paid in full (after the NRDC distributuin), the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock and of such other shares shall share ratably in any
remaining distribution of assets of the Corporation in proportion to the full
preferential amounts provided for in this Section 8, the holders of the Series
C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to no further participation in any
distribution of assets by the Corporation.

        Consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another
corporation or corporations, or a sale, whether for cash, shares of stock,
securities or properties, of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Corporation, shall not be deemed or construed to be a liquidation, dissolution
of winding up of the Coporation within the meaning of this Section 6.

        7.      Limitation on Dividends on Junior Ranking Stock.  So long as
any Series C Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, the Corporation shall not
declare any dividends on the common stock of the Corporation or any other stock
of the Corporation or any other stock of the Corporation ranking as to
dividends or distribution of assets junior to the Series C Preferred Stock (the
common stock and any other stock being herein referred to as "Junior Stock"),
or make any payment on account of, or set apart money for, a sinking or other
analogous fund for the purchase, redemption or other retirement of any shares
of Junior Stock, or make any distribution in respect thereof, whether in cash
or property or in obligations or stock of the Corporation, other than Junior
Stock (such dividends, payments, setting apart and distributions being herein
called "Junior Stock Payments"), unless all of the conditions set forth in the
following subsections A and B shall exist at the date of such declaration in
the case of any such fund, or the date of such setting apart, or the date of
such payment or distribution in the case of any other Junior Stock Payment:

        A.      Full cumulative dividends shall have been paid upon all
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

        B.      The Corporation shall not be in default or in arrears with
respect to any sinking or other analogous fund or any call for tenders or other
agreement for the purchase, redemption or other retirement of any shares of
Series C Preferred Stock.
















                                     -6-


                                      E-7
<PAGE>   8
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused its corporate seal to be
hereunto affixed and this certificate to be signed by its President, and
witnessed this 4 day of December, 1995.

                                REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.

ATTESTED:

/s/ Eunice M. Antosh            By /s/ Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.
- ---------------------------        ------------------------
Eunice Antosh, Secretary           Pamlyn Kelly Ph.D.

STATE OF                )
                        )  SS.
COUNTY OF               )

        On this ___ day of ____________, 1995, before me, a Notary Public in
and for said County and State, personally appeared Pamlyn Kelly Ph.D.,
President of Regency Affiliates, Inc., known to me to be the person who
executed the foregoing Restated Certficate of Designation on behalf of said
corporation and acknowledged to me that he exectued the same for the purpose
therein stated.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have herein to set my hand and affixed my
notarial seal the day and year last above written.

                                ________________________________
                                Notary Public

My Commission Expires:

____________________________




                                      -7-

                                      E-8
<PAGE>   9

CALIFORNIA ALL-PURPOSE ACKNOWLEDGMENT

State of California
         -------------
County of Marin
          ------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
On December 4, 1995 before me,           Teri I. Miller, Notary Public, 
   ----------------            --------------------------------------------------------
                               Name and Title of Officer (e.g. "Jane Doe, Notary Public")
personally appeared                    Pamlyn Kelly, 
                    -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     Name(s) of Signer(s)
<S>                              <C>
[] personally known to me - OR - [x] proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be
                                     the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument 
                                     and acknowledged to me that she executed the same in her 
                                     authorized capacity, and that by her signature on the 
                                     instrument the person or the entity upon behalf of which  
                                     the person acted,  executed the instrument.

     [SEAL]                          WITNESS my hand and official seal.

                                     /s/ Teri I. Miller
                                     ------------------------------------------------
                                                Signature of Notary Public

<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------- OPTIONAL ----------------------------------------------------
Though the information below is not required by law, it may prove valuable to persons relying on the document
        and could prevent fraudulent removal and reattachment of this form to another document.
DESCRIPTION OF ATTACHED DOCUMENT

Title or type of Document: Certificate & Designation Preferences and of cumulative Senior Preferred Stock $100, Series Rights
                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Document Date: Signed Dec. 4, 1995                  Number of Pages
              --------------------------------------                -----------------------------------------------------------

Signer(s) Other Than Named Above: No other signers notarized
                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CAPACITY CLAIMED BY SIGNER
<S>                                                       <C>                                                   
Signer's Name: Pamlyn Kelly                               Signer's Name:    N/A                                 
               -----------------------------------                      -------------------------------------   
                                                                                                                
[x] Individual                                            [ ] Individual                                        
[x] Corporate Officer                                     [ ] Corporate Officer                                 
    Title(s):   President                                     Title(s):                                         
             ------------------------------------                      ------------------------------------     
[ ] Partner - [ ] Limited [ ] General                     [ ] Partner - [ ] Limited [ ] General                 
[ ] Attorney-in-Fact                                      [ ] Attorney-in-Fact                                  
[ ] Trustee                                               [ ] Trustee                                           
[ ] Guardian or Conservator          -----------------    [ ] Guardian or Conservator          -----------------
[ ] Other:                           RIGHT THUMBPRINT     [ ] Other:                           RIGHT THUMBPRINT 
          ---------------------         OF SIGNER                   ---------------------         OF SIGNER     
          ---------------------      Top of thumb here              ---------------------      Top of thumb here
                                                                                                                
                                          N/A                                                       N/A         
Signer is Representing:                                   Signer is Representing:                               
Regency Affiliates, Inc.                                                                                        
- ------------------------------                            ------------------------------                        
                                                                                                                
- ------------------------------       -----------------    ------------------------------       -----------------
</TABLE>


                                     E-9

<PAGE>   10
                           REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.
                           ------------------------

                           SECRETARY'S CERTIFICATE
                           -----------------------

        The undersigned, Eunice Antosh, hereby certifies that she is the duly
elected Secretary of REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.,  an Delaware corporation, and
that:

        1.      The Certifcate of Designation of Preferences and Rights attached
                hereto is the act and deed of Regency Affiliates, Inc. and has
                been duly executed by Pamlyn Kelly, its President.

        2.      That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation
                held on June 22, 1995 the following action was taken:

                        Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board
                        unanimously resolved to proceed with the proposed
                        amendment to the certificate of designation and to
                        authorized the officers of Regency to execute all
                        documents, certificates, agreements and other
                        matters necessary and appropriate for the
                        consummation of the same, including, but not
                        limited to the filing of an amended certficate of
                        designation with the Secretary of State of Delaware.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed this certificate this 6 day of
December, 1995.


                                        /s/ Eunice M. Antosh
                                        ---------------------------------
                                        Eunice M. Antosh, Secretary




                                      -8-

                                      E-10

<PAGE>   11



                                   CONSENT
                                   -------

     The undersigned, Statesman Group, Inc., hereby consents to the execution
and filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of the amended
Certificate of Designation of the Preferences and Rights of the Cumulative
Contingent Convertible Senior Preferred Stock, $100, Series C of Regency
Affiliates, Inc., a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.



                                         STATESMAN GROUP, INC.

                                         /s/ Jacqueline M. Teske
                                         ------------------------------
                                         Jacqueline M. Teske, Secretary









                                      E-11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                              --------------------

     THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of the 1st day of December, 1995 by and between
Gary K. Nuttall (the "Executive") and Regency Affiliates, Inc. (the "Company").


                                   WITNESSETH:
                                   -----------

     WHEREAS, the Company wishes to obtain the future services of the Executive
for the Company; and

     WHEREAS, the Executive is willing, upon the terms and conditions herein set
forth, to provide services hereunder;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

     1. NATURE OF EMPLOYMENT
        --------------------

     The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive agrees to
accept such employment as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company and to undertake such duties and responsibilities as may be reasonably
assigned to Executive from time to time by the Board of Directors of the
Company. As an inducement for Executive to enter into this Employment Agreement,
the Company shall issue 466,667 shares of its common stock to the Executive upon
execution of this Employment Agreement by the Executive and the Company. In the
event that the Executive is discharged for cause, within one (1) year of the
date hereof, as detailed in Section 4.(c), or resigns within one (1) year of the
date hereof, the Executive shall return 233,333 shares of the Company's common
stock to the Company.

     2. EXTENT OF EMPLOYMENT
        --------------------

     (a) During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall perform his
obligations hereunder faithfully, diligently and to the best of his ability,
under the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board").

     (b) During the Term of Employment (except for vacation periods, (holidays)
and reasonable periods of illness or other incapacity), the Executive shall
devote such of his business time, energy and skill as Executive shall reasonably
consider appropriate after consultation with the Board to the performance of his
duties, responsibilities and obligations hereunder, understanding that the
Executive may devote business time, energy and skills to business ventures
unrelated to Regency. The Executive shall not be required to keep detailed time
sheets or records of the time spent on the Company's affairs, but shall be
accountable to the Board in respect thereof.


                                         1

                                      E-12
<PAGE>   2




     3. LOCATION
        --------

     During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall perform his duties
hereunder at his home or such other place as shall be agreed upon by the
Executive and the Board. The Executive shall, however, also travel to other
locations at such time as may be appropriate in the performance of his duties.

     4. TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT
        -------------------

     The "Term of Employment" shall commence upon execution of this Agreement
and continue until the thirtieth day after The Executive notifies the Board of
Directors of the Company of his decision not to continue his employment with the
Company; provided, that the Term of Employment may be terminated at any time by
the Company as follows:

     (a) If the Executive fails to perform his duties under this Agreement on
account of illness or other incapacity which continues for a period of six
consecutive calendar months, the Corporation may give notice to the Executive to
terminate this Agreement on a date not less than 30 days thereafter (the "Notice
Period"); and if the Executive has not resumed full performance of his duties
under this Agreement within such Notice Period, then the Executive's employment
under this Agreement will terminate 30 days after the date provided in the
notice ("Termination Date"). The Executive's right to exercise warrants granted
by this Agreement or subsequent awards of warrants, options or the like shall be
exercisable by the Executive at the Executive's sole discretion.

     (b) If the Executive dies, the spouse or estate of the Executive shall be
entitled to receive the base compensation and pro-rated bonus to which the
Executive would have been entitled had the Term of Employment not been
terminated, for a ninety-day period beginning with such termination. The
Executive's rights upon any such termination to warrants, options, perquisites,
and benefits payable under other benefit plans shall be exercisable by the
spouse or estate of the Executive and such termination shall not be in
derogation of any rights that the Executive may then have to such.

     (c) The Corporation may terminate the Executive's employment for just cause
at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Executive. (The date of such
notice is the "Termination Date" unless otherwise provided in the notice).
Within 30 days after the Termination Date the Corporation shall pay to the
Executive his Base Salary as then in effect which has accrued to the Termination
Date, and the Executive's rights upon such termination to warrants, options,
perquisites, and benefits payable under other benefit plans shall be exercisable
by the Executive at his sole discretion. For the purposes of this subparagraph,
"just cause" shall mean willful and deliberate misconduct by the Executive or a
breach by the Executive of the provisions of this Agreement which, in either
case, is detrimental in a significant way to the interests of the Corporation.

     (d) Termination of the Executive's employment by the Corporation for any
reason not specified in subparagraphs (a), (b),or (c) of this Section 4 shall
not constitute a breach by the Corporation of this Agreement In such event, the
Executive shall continue to receive the Base Salary

                                         2

                                      E-13
<PAGE>   3
    
and other compensation and benefits (as detailed under Sections 5,6,7, & 8
below) that he would have received if he had continued his employment with the
Corporation in the same position he occupied on the date his employment was
terminated until twelve months following the termination of the Executive's
employment, as severance. If the Executive presents an acquisition with
attendant financing to the Board which the Board believes would be in the best
interest of the Company to pursue, but the proposed acquisition economics given
the Cash Flow Bonus (as defined below) that the Company would be required to pay
under Section 5.(b) if it completed this transaction would be unacceptable to
the Board, and the Executive and the Board are unable to reach a mutually
satisfactory agreement as to an alternative form, timing or amount of the Cash
Flow Bonus, the Executive acknowledges that the Board would have the right to
terminate the Executive's employment without cause. In such event, if the
Company completed the transaction which was the subject of this dispute, the
Executive's compensation for the twelve months following the Executive's
termination would be calculated without regard to the cash flow provided by the
disputed transaction. In the event of a breach of this Agreement, the Executive
shall have recourse to all remedies at law or in equity, including the recovery
of damages.

     5.   COMPENSATION
          ------------

          (a)  BASE COMPENSATION:

               During the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay to the 
Executive as base compensation for his services in equal semi-monthly
installments of $3,000 each, to be adjusted on January 1 of every year by any
increase in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, U.S. city average,
as published by the U.S. Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics ("CPI").

          (b)  CASH FLOW BONUSES:

               The Executive will be paid a bonus equal to 20.0 percent of the 
sum of the Company's "Net Cash provided (or used) by Operations" (excluding
financing activities) and "Distributions from Partnerships" or distributions
from or sales of other passive investments (from the Company's Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows) and "Income Tax Expense" (from the Company's
Consolidated Statement of Operations) as reported in the Financial Statements of
the Company each year before such bonus (the "Cash Flow Bonus"), as illustrated
in Exhibit A, provided, however, that distributions from proceeds of sale or
refinancing of the Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership
shall only be included to the extent that such cash flows exceed the amount at
which this investment is reported on the Company's financial statements and of
the previous quarterly reporting period. The Cash Flow Bonus shall be paid by
January 31 of the Following year based on the unaudited financial statements of
the Company, with any final adjustments made upon the completion of the audited
financial statements of the Company. The Company may elect, at the end of each
year, to pay 50 percent of of the Cash Flow Bonus in the form of warrants (the
"Warrants") to purchase the Company Stock of the Company at a price equal to 50
percent of the average bid price for the stock for the week ended December 1,
1996, for the period from December 1, 1995 to December 31, 1996 and, thereafter,
at 50 percent of the average bid

                                         3

                                      E-14


<PAGE>   4

price for the stock for the fourth calendar quarter of each year for which such
bonus is payable (the "Warrant Price").

          (c)  FINANCING BONUSES:

               For the period from December 1, 1995 to December 31, 1996, upon 
the funding of any financing for the Company secured solely by the Company's
investment in the Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership, the
Executive shall be paid a bonus (the "Financing Bonus") equal to 10 percent of
such financing, in cash. At the option of the Company, half of the Financing
Bonus may be paid in cash at funding of such financing and half of which may be
paid in the form of the Company's Common Stock, which stock will be valued at 50
percent of the average bid price for the stock for the week ended December 1,
1995 (the "Stock Fair Market Value"). Alternatively, at the option of the
Company, part of the issuance of Common Stock may be in the form of Warrants.

          (d)  MECHANICS OF WARRANT ISSUES TO THE EXECUTIVE:

               If the Company elects to pay the Executive a portion of any of 
the above described bonuses in the form of Warrants, the Company shall
irrevocably agree to pay to the Executive in an amount equal to that portion of
the bonus to be paid in the form of Warrants (the "Agreement to Pay"). The
number of Warrants issued under any provision of this Section 5 shall be equal
to the amount of the bonus to be paid by the issuance of Warrants divided by the
Warrant Price.


               Any Agreement to Pay issued by the Company to the Executive 
shall carry an interest rate equal to the mid-term Treasury rate, which interest
shall accrue and be paid in addition to the Executive's compensation each year.
The Agreement to Pay, and accrued interest thereon, shall be applied to the
Warrant Price should the Executive decide to purchase the Company's stock by the
exercise of the Warrant

               If the per share Warrant Price is less than the par value of the
Common Stock (the "Stock Spread"), and if the Executive exercises the Warrant
and purchases the stock, at the option of the Executive, the Company will
either, at the option of the Executive:

               (i)  declare such Stock Spread multiplied by the number of 
shares purchased by the exercise of the Warrant (the "Warrant Spread") to be
additional compensation paid to the Executive; or

               (ii) allow the Executive to issue a non-recourse note to
the Company in the amount of the Warrant Spread (the "Note"), which Note would
accrue interest at the mid-term Treasury rate, be secured only by the stock
received by the Executive and become due and payable upon the sale of the stock
acquired by the exercise of the Warrant or the Executive leaving the employment
of the Company.

                                        4

                                      E-15

<PAGE>   5

               The Executive may elect to finance the Warrant Spread partly 
under 5.(d)(i) above and partly under 5.(d)(ii) above, and may elect to convert
any portion, or all of the financing provided under alternative 5.(d)(ii) above
and the accrued interest on the Note, as compensation under 5.(d)(i) above in
periods subsequent to the Initial election by the Executive.

          (e)  INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS:

               The Executive will be granted options to purchase 450,000 common 
shares of the Company at the greater of the Stock Fair Market Value of the
Company's common stock (as determined under Section 5.(c) above) or the par
value of the common stock at date of grant. The Company agrees to reserve
450,000 shares from its 1988 Incentive Stock Option Plan to meet the
requirements of this paragraph. The options shall become exercisable and shall
remain exercisable until the expiration date as provided for in the Plan, at the
rate of 150,000 shares for each $.03 annual increase in the per share book value
of the Company (excluding the effects of the non-cash income accrual on the
Company's investment in the Security Land and Development Company Limited
Partnership, and the effects of any noncash interest expense on indebtedness of
the Company secured by this asset), or any pro rata portion thereof if less
than $.03 per share. Executive shall have the right, with respect to the
exercise of any such options, to follow the mechanisms as set forth under
Section 5.(d) above with respect to the payment of the option exercise price.

     6.   BENEFITS
          --------

          During the Term of Employment, and to the extent reasonably 
available, The Executive and his wife shall receive medical insurance coverage.
The Company shall maintain insurance that will entitle The Executive to receive
$50,000 per year in the event he suffers a mental or physical disability that
prevents him from remaining an employee of the Company, and shall provide such
other appropriate benefits to him as are reasonably acceptable to the Board of
Directors of the Company. At such time as directors' and officers' insurance
shall become reasonably available to the Company, the Executive shall be added
to the Company's policy as an additional insured.

     7.   VEHICLE ALLOWANCE
          -----------------

          During the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay The Executive a
vehicle allowance of $600 per month, which allowance shall increase each January
1 by any increase in the CPI index as described above. The Executive shall not
be required to account for the expenditure of this allowance.


                                       5

                                      E-16

<PAGE>   6
     8.   REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES
          -------------------------

          During the Term of Employment, the Company shall reimburse The 
Executive for documented travel, entertainment and other expenses reasonably
incurred by The Executive in connection with the performance of his duties. Such
expenses shall include compensation actually paid by the Executive at market
rates for secretarial and other business related services provided by Brenda
Nuttall or by a third-party. The Executive may also incur expense directly in
behalf of Regency. The Executive shall be reimbursed for the reasonable fees and
expenses of legal and tax advisors to review this Agreement, subject to a cap of
$2,000. Upon completion of any financing for the Company in 1996, the Executive
shall be reimbursed all out of pocket expenses incurred in the negotiation,
closing and accounting for the Company's investment in the Security Land and
Development Partnership Limited Partnership, subject to a cap of $2,000.

     9.   APPOINTMENT AS A DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY
          ----------------------------------------

          Upon execution of this Agreement, the Executive shall be appointed as
a member of the Company's Board of Directors.

     10.  DISCLOSURE OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST: NONCOMPETITION; CONFIDENTIAL
          -----------------------------------------------------------------
          INFORMATION
          -----------

          (a)  DISCLOSURE OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST:

               Since it is understood that the Executive shall devote business 
time, energy and skills to business ventures unrelated to Regency, the Executive
shall, at least annually, disclose to the Board of Directors of the Company
transactions unrelated to the Company in which he has participated. Where
transactions may represent an investment opportunity for the Company, before
pursuing other alternatives, The Executive will seek direction from a
sub-committee of Company's Board of Directors. The Executive shall use his good
faith judgement as to whether or not he should seek such advice of the
sub-committee of the Company Board of Directors.

          (b)  NONCOMPETITION;

               Executive promises that, during the term of his employment with 
the Company, he will not engage in any business or activity in competition with
the Company within the United States of America, either directly, whether for
himself or a third party, without the express written permission of the
Employer.

               Executive promises that for a period of two (2) years following 
the termination of his employment with the Company he will not, either directly
or indirectly, whether for himself or a third party, without the express written
permission of the Employer, pursue any business opportunity that was actively
pursued by the Company during his tenure of employment and not abandoned by the
Company.


                                         6


                                      E-17
<PAGE>   7

          (c)  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION:

               The Executive promises that he will not at any time during or 
after his employment, and without the Company's express written permission,
reveal or use for his own benefit or the benefit of a third party, any trade
secret, customer list or information, sales data, business plans, or other
confidential information related to the Company's business.

          (d)  REMEDIES:

               The parties agree that the violation or threatened violation by 
the Executive of his undertakings hereunder, will cause the Company irreparable
harm for which damages will be inadequate or unascertainable. Accordingly, in
such case the Company shall be entitled to appropriate temporary and permanent
injunctive relief, in addition to all other legal and equitable relief.

               If a court finds that the scope or duration, or both, of the 
restrictions stated in this contract is excessive, the court is requested to
determine the maximum lesser scope or duration, or both, that the court
considers reasonable, and the Executive agrees that the lesser restriction
determined by the court shall be as binding as if originally part of this
contract. Nothing in this contract shall be construed as an admission by either
party that the scope or duration of the restrictions stated herein are
excessive.

     11.  INDEMNIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE
          ----------------------------

          The Executive shall not be liable, responsible or accountable in 
damages or otherwise to the Company or any Shareholder of the Company for any
loss or damage incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by
the Executive in good faith either on behalf of the Company or in furtherance of
the interests of the Company and in a manner reasonably believed by him to be
within the scope of authority granted to him by the Company or by law, provided
that the Executive was not guilty of gross negligence, fraud or bad faith, or
willful misconduct with respect to such acts or omissions. The Company shall
indemnify and hold harmless the Executive if the Executive is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, or pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(including any action by or in the right of the Company), by reason of any acts
or omissions or alleged acts or omissions arising out of his activities as an
employee of the Company, if such activities were performed in good faith either
on behalf of the Company or in furtherance of the interests of the Company, and
in a manner reasonably believed by the Executive to be within the scope of the
authority conferred by the Company or by law, against losses, damages or
expenses for which he has not otherwise been reimbursed (including attorneys'
fees, judgements, fines and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably
incurred by the Executive in connection with such action, suit or proceeding,
so long as the Executive was not guilty of gross negligence, fraud, bad faith,
willful misconduct with respect to such acts or omissions. The Company shall
pay the expenses as and when incurred by the Executive in defending a civil
or criminal action, suit or proceeding in advance

                                       7

                                      E-18
<PAGE>   8



of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an
undertaking by the Executive to repay such payment if there shall be
adjudication or determination that indemnification should not be provided
hereunder.

     12.  NOTICE
          ------

          Any notice, request, demand or other communication required or 
permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be given in writing and if
delivered personally, or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, as follows (or to such other addressee or address as shall be set
forth in a notice given in the same manner):


           If to the Executive:         Gary K. Nuttall
                                        381 Robinwood Lane
                                        Wheaton, Illinois 60187

           If to the Company:           Regency Affiliates, Inc.
                                        10842 Old Mill Road, Suite #5
                                        Omaha, Nebraska 68154

          Any such notices shall be deemed to be given on the date personally
delivered or such return receipt is issued.

     13.  ARBITRATION
          -----------

          It is agreed that in the event that any disagreement, dispute, 
controversy or claim arises out of or in relation to or in connection with this
Agreement or breach thereof, the parties shall seek to solve the matter amicably
through discussions between the parties. Each party agrees to consider in good
faith any reasonable request by the other party to engage in mediation or any
other means of alternative dispute resolution short of arbitration. Only if the
parties fail to resolve such disagreement, dispute, controversy, claim or breach
by amicable arrangement and compromise within 60 days, may the aggrieved party
seek arbitration as set forth herein. Any disagreement, dispute, controversy or
claim with respect to the validity of this Agreement or arising out of or in
relation to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement, or breach
hereof, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration. The arbitration shall
take place in Cleveland, Ohio in accordance with the rules of the American
Arbitration Association or as the parties shall otherwise agree. The arbitration
shall be brought before three (3) arbitrators, one (1) each appointed by the
respective parties and one (1) additional arbitrator selected by the two (2)
appointed arbitrators. Judgement upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may
be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrators shall have
the power, in addition to the power of determining the merits of the
arbitration, to determine the scope and limits of discovery and to enforce the
rights, remedies, procedures, duties, liabilities and obligations of discovery
by the imposition of the same terms, conditions, consequences, liabilities,
sanctions, and penalties as can be or may be imposed on the like circumstances
in a civil action by a State Court of the State of Ohio under the provisions of
the

                                        8

                                      E-19
<PAGE>   9




Ohio Rules of Civil Procedure, except the power to order the arrest or
imprisonment of a person. Each party shall absorb its own costs of arbitration,
including attorney's fees, and the parties shall split equally any arbitrators'
fees.

          Notwithstanding the section above, the parties shall have recourse to
the courts of Ohio for the purpose of obtaining any injunctive relief remedy as
permitted by the laws of the State of Ohio.

     14.  SEVERABILITY
          ------------

          Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be 
interpreted in such manner so as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect
any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be
reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

     15.  WAIVER OF BREACH
          ----------------

          The waiver by the Company or the Executive of a breach of any 
provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate, or be
construed, as a waiver of any other breach of such other party. Each of the
parties (and third party beneficiaries) to this Agreement will be entitled to
enforce its rights under this Agreement specifically, to recover damages by
reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all
other rights existing in its favor.

     16.  AMENDMENT: ENTIRE AGREEMENT
          ---------------------------

          This Agreement may not be changed orally but only by an agreement in
writing agreed to by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change,
modification, extension or discharge is sought. This Agreement embodies the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the
subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes and replaces all prior
Agreements, understandings and commitments with respect to such subject matter.

     17.  GOVERNING LAW
          -------------

          This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, applied and enforced
in accordance with the Laws of the State of Ohio, and no doctrine of choice of
law shall be used to apply any law other than that of Ohio, and no defense,
counterclaim or right of set-off given or allowed by the laws of any other state
or jurisdiction, or arising out of the enactment, modification or repeal of any
law, regulation, or ordinance or decree of any foreign jurisdiction, shall be
interposed in any action hereon.

                                        9

                                      E-20
<PAGE>   10
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands as of the
day and year first above written.


                                      EXECUTIVE:  /s/ Gary K. Nuttall
                                                  ---------------------------
                                                  Gary K. Nuttall


                                      REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.

                                      By: /s/ Eunice M. Antosh
                                          -----------------------------------

                                      Its: Secretary of the Board



                                      10

                                     E-21
<PAGE>   11
                                  EXHIBIT A



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        10Q        9 MONTH $     ANNUALIZED $
           LINE ITEM NAME                              PAGE #       AMOUNT          AMOUNT
           --------------                              ------     ----------     ------------
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>            <C>
Net Cash Provided (or used) by Operating Activies      6          (273,308)      (364,410)

Distributions from Partnerships                        6           100,000        100,000 1

Income Taxes                                           5           103,000        137,000
                                                                  --------       --------
EBTDA for Purposes of Calculating the "Cash Flow                   (70,308)      (127,410)
Bonus"

Cash Flow Bonus @ 20% of EBTDA (if positive)                         n/a             0

<FN>
- --------------
1   Not annualized since this is received only once each year.
</TABLE>

                                      11

                                     E-22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
                            INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


                       SECURITY LAND AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
                                LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

                                 DECEMBER 31, 1995
   


                                      E-33
<PAGE>   2




             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                      PAGE
                                                                         
<S>                                                                     <C>
           INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                 3

           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                BALANCE SHEET                                           4

                STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS                                 5

                STATEMENT OF PARTNERS' CAPITAL                          6

                STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                 7

                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           8

</TABLE>
                                      E-34
<PAGE>   3
                   [Reznick Fedder & Silverman Letterhead]

                           INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



To the Partners
Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership


     We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Security Land and
Development Company Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1995, and the related
statements of operations, changes in partners' capital and cash flows for the
year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audit.

     We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Security Land and
Development Company Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1995, and the results
of its operations, changes in partners' capital and cash flows for the year then
ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.




                                        /s/ Reznick Fedder & Silverman

Bethesda, Maryland
January 25, 1996







                                        -3-

                                      E-35
<PAGE>   4

                        Security Land & Development Company
                                Limited Partnership

                                 BALANCE SHEET

                               December 31, 1995



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                       <C>   
Investment in real estate, net of                                         $38,706,350   
   accumulated depreciation 
Cash and cash equivalents                                                     331,163  
Restricted escrow                                                          18,514,573
Tenant accounts receivable                                                  1,012,886
Prepaid expenses and other receivables                                        377,075
Deferred charges, net of accumulated
   amortization of $753,578                                                 1,875,149
                                                                          -----------
       Total Assets                                                       $60,817,196
                                                                          ===========
Note payable, net of discount                                             $51,380,596
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                        996, 976
Accrued interest payable                                                      513,054
Deferred rental income                                                      3,763,183
Deferred interest income                                                      859,988
                                                                          -----------
                                                                           57,513,797
Partners' Capital                                                           3,303,399
                                                                          -----------
                                                                          $60,817,196
                                                                          ===========
</TABLE>
                        See notes to financial statements

                                      E-36
   
                                       -4-

<PAGE>   5

                       Security Land & Development Company
                                   Limited Partnership

                             STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                          Year Ended December 31, 1995




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                             <C>
Revenues
 Rental income                  $11,643,629
 Interest income                    208,426
 Tenant reimbursements              113,473
                                -----------
              Total revenue      11,965,528
                                -----------

Administrative
 Management fees                    250,000
 Professional fees                   62,923
 Payroll expenses                   434,722
 Office expenses                     28,889
                                -----------
                                    776,434
                                -----------

Operating
 Janitorial contract              1,020,180
 Maintenance contracts               81,601
 Repairs and maintenance             89,847
 Maintenance supplies               183,376
                                -----------
                                  1,375,004
                                -----------

Interest, taxes and insurance
 Interest                         3,836,198
 Real estate taxes                  545,667
 Insurance                           93,508
                                -----------
                                  4,475,373
                                -----------

Depreciation and Amortization
 Depreciation                       995,733
 Amortization                       429,241
                                -----------
                                  1,424,974
                                -----------
              Total expenses      8,051,785
                                -----------  
              Net income        $ 3,913.743
                                ===========

</TABLE>


                        See notes to financial statements



                                       -5-

                                      E-37
<PAGE>   6

                       Security Land & Development Company
                               Limited Partnership

                     STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS' CAPITAL

                          Year ended December 31, 1995


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Special
                                     General       Limited        Limited
                        Total        Partner       Partner        Partner
                     -----------    ---------    -----------    -----------
<S>                  <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>        
Balance, beginning   $  (505,080)   $ 543,790    $(1,498,870)   $   450,000

Net income             3,913,743      158,115         37,572      3,718,056

Distributions           (105,264)      (4,253)        (1,011)      (100,000)
                     -----------    ---------    -----------    -----------
Balance, ending      $ 3,303,399    $ 697,652    $(1,462,309)   $ 4,068,056
                     ===========    =========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>





                         See notes to financial statements



                                       -6-

                                      E-38
<PAGE>   7
                       Security Land & Development Company
                               Limited Partnership

                              STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW

                          Year Ended December 31, 1995


<TABLE>
<S>                                                     <C>         
Cash flows from operating activities

Net Income                                              $  3,913,743

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
provided by operating activities
 Depreciation                                                995,733
 Amortization expense                                        429,241
 Deferred rental income                                    1,029,002
 Amortization of debt discount                               129,769
 Decrease in tenant accounts receivable                        3,351
 Increase in prepaid expenses and other receivables         (107,918)
 Decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses -
  operating                                                  (21,855)
 Decrease in accrued interest payable                        (32,002)
                                                        ------------

      Net cash provided by operating
        activities                                         6,339,064
                                                        ------------

Cash flows from investing activities
 Withdrawals from restricted escrow                       12,212,613
 Investment in real estate                               (13,929,982)
                                                        ------------
      Net cash used in investing activities               (1,717,369)
                                                        ------------

Cash flows from financing activities
 Payments on note payable                                 (4,509,934)
 Distributions                                              (105,264)
                                                        ------------
      Net cash used for financing activities              (4,615,198)
                                                        ------------

      NET INCREASE IN CASH                                     6,497

Cash and cash equivalents,  beginning                        324,666
                                                        ------------
Cash and cash equivalents, end                          $    331,163
                                                        ============

Cash paid for interest during the year, net of amount
 capitalized                                            $  3,738,431
                                                        ============
</TABLE>


                        See notes to financial statements


                                       -7-

                                      E-39

<PAGE>   8

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995


NOTE A - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
          POLICIES

     Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership (the
     "partnership") was formed under the laws of the State of Maryland. The
     partnership was organized to own and operate, for investment purposes, the
     project (the "project") which consists of a building known as the Security
     West Building (the "building").

     The building is approximately 717,000 square foot, two-phase office
     building, consisting of a two-story office building and a connected
     six-story office tower, located at 1500 Woodlawn Drive, Woodlawn, Maryland.
     The building was purchased by the partnership in 1986 and is located on
     land which is approximately 34.3 acres, also owned by the partnership. The
     building has been occupied by the United States Social Security
     Administration's Office of Disability and International Operations (the
     "tenant") for approximately 23 years under leases between the United States
     of America, acting by and through the General Services Administration
     ("GSA"). Effective November 1, 1994, the partnership and GSA entered into
     a nine-year lease (the "lease") for the Building. The terms of the lease
     agreement call for substantial alterations to the building. The partnership
     has executed a contract in the original amount of approximately $24,000,000
     to complete the alterations.

     The general partner of the partnership is 1500 Woodlawn Limited Partnership
     (the "general partner"), a Delaware limited partnership with an 80.8
     percent general partner interest. Three limited partners ("limited
     partners"), own the remaining 19.2 percent limited partnership interest.
     The limited partners and the general partner are herein referred to as
     Class A partners. Regency Affiliates, Inc. (the "special limited
     partner") is a special limited partner with no stated voting interest in
     the partnership.

     Profits, losses and cash available for distribution to partners as defined
     by the partnership agreement, as amended, is allocated as follows:



                                        -8-

                                      E-40
<PAGE>   9

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995


NOTE A - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
         POLICIES (Continued)

                                        Before         After
                                       11/1/2003     10/31/2003
                                       ---------     ----------
         General partner                  4.04%        40.4%
         Special limited partner         95.00         50.0
         Limited partners                 0.96          9.6
                                        ------        ----- 
                                        100.00%       100.0%
                                        ======        ===== 


     Notwithstanding these allocation percentages, the partnership has made
     arrangements so that to the extent that 95% of cash available for
     distribution is less than $100,000, funds which would otherwise be used to
     pay management fees to TCG Management (see note F) up to the $100,000 will
     be made available for distribution. For financial reporting purposes,
     income or loss is allocated among the partners based upon their stated
     interests in cash available for distribution.

     Taxable gains recognized upon sale, exchange or liquidation of the
     partnership are allocated: first, to bring negative capital accounts to
     zero; second, to bring the capital accounts of the Class A partners as a
     group equal to the capital account of the special limited partner; third,
     $1,000,000 to the Class A partners as a group; and then 50% to the Class A
     partners as a group and 50% to the special limited partner. Taxable losses
     recognized upon sale, exchange or liquidation of the partnership are
     generally allocated: first, to bring the capital account of the special
     limited partner to not less than zero and to bring the capital accounts of
     the Class A partners as a group to not less than a $1,000,000 deficit;
     second, in accordance with each partner's risk of loss, as called for by
     the partnership agreement; and third, in accordance with partnership
     interests.

     The terms of the partnership agreement call for the proceeds from
     liquidation, sale of any assets or refinancing to be used first in
     settlement of partnership liabilities and for the establishment of reserves
     (as deemed necessary by the general partner) and then to the partners in
     proportion to their positive capital account balances.



                                        -9-
                                      E-41
<PAGE>   10

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995

NOTE A - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
         POLICIES (Continued)


     Use of Estimates
     ----------------

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
     accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
     disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
     financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
     during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
     estimates.

     Real Estate
     -----------

     Real estate is carried at cost. Depreciation is provided for in amounts
     sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over
     their estimated service lives by use of the straight-line method for
     financial reporting purposes.

     Deferred Charges
     ----------------

     Deferred charges consist of permanent loan closing costs which are being
     amortized over the term of the related note payable using the effective
     interest method.

     Deferred Rental Income
     ----------------------

     Rents of $2,785,769 received upon signing the lease agreement are being
     amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. Rental
     income received for phases under construction is deferred until
     construction is complete and is then amortized over the remaining term of
     the lease.

     Deferred Interest Income
     ------------------------

     Interest earned on the Project Account is deferred because such funds, if
     not expended, must be paid to the tenant (see note D).

     Cash and Cash Equivalents
     -------------------------

     For purposes of the statement of cash flow, cash and cash equivalents
     include the partnership's operating money market accounts, excluding
     restricted escrow held by the escrow agent (see note C).

                                       - 10 -

                                      E-42
<PAGE>   11

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995

NOTE A - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
         POLICIES (Continued)

     Restricted Escrow
     -----------------

     The partnership has a portfolio of investments in money market accounts,
     repurchase agreements, and debt securities, which are held in trust by
     Shawmut Bank, NA (see note D). Management determines the appropriate
     classification of the debt securities at the time they are acquired and
     evaluates the appropriateness of such classifications at each balance sheet
     date. As of December 31, 1995, the company has classified all investments
     in debt securities as held-to-maturity. Held-to-maturity securities consist
     solely of debt securities which the company has the positive intent and
     ability to hold to maturity and are stated at amortized cost.

     Income Taxes
     ------------

     No provision or benefit for income taxes has been included in these
     financial statements since taxable income or loss passes through to, and is
     reportable by, the partners individually.

     Reclassifications
     -----------------

     Certain 1994 amounts have been reclassified to conform with the 1995
     presentation.

NOTE B - INVESTMENT IN REAL ESTATE

     Investment in real estate is carried at cost and consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Estimated
                                     Useful Life
                                     -----------
<S>                                    <C>            <C>        
          Land                                 -      $ 2,151,154
          Building                     40  years       28,436,133
          Improvements - Building      40  years        8,498,091
          Improvements - Tenant         9  years        2,441,299
          Improvements - Land          10  years          388,858
          Furniture and equipment       7  years           65,508
          Construction in progress             -        3,580,592
                                                      -----------
                                                       45,561,635

          Less accumulated depreciation                 6,855,285
                                                      -----------
                                                      $38,706,350
                                                      ===========
</TABLE>

                                     - 11 -

                                      E-43
<PAGE>   12

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995

NOTE B - INVESTMENT IN REAL ESTATE (Continued)

     For income tax reporting purposes, depreciation has been computed in
     accordance with the Internal Revenue Code, generally using shorter lives
     and accelerated methods.


NOTE C - NOTE PAYABLE

     The partnership has a note payable to Shawmut Bank, NA, as Trustee
     (Trustee), dated November 17, 1994. The note is in the principal amount of
     $56,450,000, and is effectively secured by substantially all the assets of
     the partnership and rights to future lease payments. In addition, the
     partnership has agreed to various covenants including those that require
     the partnership to conduct its affairs as a separate entity and prohibit it
     from selling all or substantially all of its assets; conducting business
     other than related to the project; conducting business other than arms
     length; commingling assets with other entities; acting as creditor or
     pledging its assets for the benefit of another entity; and incurring
     certain types of indebtedness.

     The debt proceeds were obtained by the trustee through the sale of
     Certificates of Participation (COPs) representing interests in a trust
     established pursuant to a trust agreement between the partnership and the
     Trustee. The net proceeds received from the sale of the COPs were used to
     repay the then existing debt of the partnership, to fund certain reserves,
     and to pay costs of issuance.

     The COPs were issued at a discount of $705,625 which is being amortized
     over the life of the note on the effective interest method. Unamortized
     discount at December 31, 1995 was $559,467. Amortized discount for the year
     ending December 31, 1995 was $129,769, and is included in interest expense
     on the accompanying statement of operations. 


                                     - 12 -

                                      E-44
<PAGE>   13

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995

NOTE C - NOTE PAYABLE (Continued)

     The note requires semiannual payments of principal and interest in
     accordance with the terms of the COPs. Those terms require payments of
     interest at a rate of 7.9% and two principal payments per year (May 15 and
     November 15) aggregating to:

                     1996                 $ 4,873,259 
                     1997                   5,265,850 
                     1998                   5,690,068 
                     1999                   6,148,461 
                     2000                   6,643,763 
                     Thereafter            23,318,662 
                                          ----------- 
                     Total                 51,940,063 
                     Less: Unamortized                
                      Discount                559,467
                                          ----------- 
                     Total                $51,380,596
                                          ===========
                                                      
                     
     Interest incurred during the year ending December 31, 1995 was $4,315,281
     excluding discount amortization of $129,769. $608,852 of interest relating
     to construction has been capitalized to the cost improvements.

NOTE D - RESTRICTED ESCROW

     The partnership is required to setup and maintain escrow accounts with
     Shawmut Bank, NA as the escrow agent. Amounts on deposit are classified as
     restricted escrow in the accompanying balance sheet. The required accounts
     and funded balance at December 31, 1995 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     Description                 Amount
                              -----------------------------   -----------
<S>                           <C>                             <C>        
     Project Account          To be used for alterations      $16,133,217
     Note Payment             To repay Certificates of
      Accounts                   Participation                    879,272
     Liquidity Account        To be used for debt liquidity       740,178
     Replacement              To be used for capital
      Reserve Account            improvements                     304,662
     Tax Account              To pay real estate taxes            307,839
     Insurance Account        To pay insurance expense             14,287
     Operations Account       To pay operating expenses           100,000
     Partnership Account      To pay partnership
                                 distributions                     35,118
                                                              -----------
                                                              $18,514,573
                                                              ===========
</TABLE>



                                       - 13 -

                                      E-45
<PAGE>   14

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995

NOTE D - RESTRICTED ESCROW (Continued)

     Restricted escrow is invested in money market funds of $2,382,083 and
     repurchase agreements of $1,108,000, which approximate fair value. The
     remaining funds are invested in debt securities and at December 31, 1995
     are as follows:

                                Held-to-Maturity
                         ---------------------------------
                                      Gross       Gross
                         Amortized  Unrealized  Unrealized     Fair
                            Cost       Gains      Losses       Value
                         ---------- ----------- ----------- -----------

     U.S. Government
      Debt Securities    $15,024,490   $906,073    $   -    $15,930,563
                         ===========   ========    =====    ===========


     The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities classified as
     held-to-maturity, by contractual maturity, as of December 31, 1995 are as
     follows:

                                           Amortized       Fair
                                             Cost          Value
                                         -----------   -----------
     Due within one year                 $ 7,125,543   $ 7,530,447
     Due after one year                                           
       through three years                 7,898,947     8,400,116
                                         -----------   -----------
                                         $15,024,490   $15,930,563
                                         ===========   ===========
                                         

     Earnings on funds deposited in the project account have been deferred
     because any amounts remaining in this account after the alterations have
     been completed revert back to the tenant either in a lump sum payment or to
     be applied against rental income. If any changes to the budgeted
     alterations require the use of the amounts earned, the income will be
     recognized at that time.

     The partnership deposited with the escrow agent a letter of credit to
     satisfy the requirements for the Supplemental Disbursement Account. At
     December 31, 1995, $450,000 was outstanding.




                                       - 14 -

                                      E-46
<PAGE>   15

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995

NOTE E - RENTAL OPERATIONS

     On November 17, 1994, the partnership and the tenant entered into a lease
     agreement for 100% of the building with a term of nine years expiring on
     October 31, 2003. The lease agreement provides for minimum annual lease
     payments of $12,154,632 payable monthly in arrears, plus provisions for
     escalations in the event of increased operating costs and real estate
     taxes.

     Future minimum rentals are as follows:

          December 31, 1996                $12,154,632
                       1997                 12,154,632
                       1998                 12,154,632
                       1999                 12,154,632
                       2000                 12,154,632
                       Thereafter           34,438,124
                                           -----------
                                           $95,211,284
                                           ===========

     The partnership has received an opinion of Assistant General Council to the
     General Services Administration that lease payments are not subject to
     annual appropriation by the United States Congress and the obligations to
     make such payments are unconditional general obligations of the United
     States Government.

     The Lease requires the partnership to maintain and repair the building and
     land in accordance with specific standards, to maintain certain insurance
     coverages and to use amounts in the Project Account plus interest accrued
     to make certain alterations (the "Alterations").

     The partnership assigned its right to receive payments under the lease with
     GSA to the Escrow Agent. Payments received or distributions made by the
     Escrow Agent and transfers between individual accounts are governed by an
     escrow agreement for the ultimate benefit of the partnership.

NOTE F - CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

     The partnership maintains a cash account insured by the Federal Deposit
     Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $100,000.  At December 31, 1995 the
     balance was $330,163. The uninsured balance at December 31, 1995 was
     $230,163.

                                       - 15 -


                                      E-47
<PAGE>   16

             Security Land and Development Company Limited Partnership

                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 December 31, 1995


NOTE G - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Janitorial Services
     -------------------

     The partnership entered into an agreement with Woodlawn Service
     Corporation, an affiliate of the general partner, to provide janitorial
     services for the building. The agreement provides for a fee for services
     provided and for a reimbursement for expenses incurred, not to exceed
     $1,905,770 per annum from which Woodlawn Service Corporation is to provide
     the cost of materials, salaries and other costs of providing such services.
     The agreement extends to the year 2003 with options to renew annually
     thereafter. Total janitorial fees for the year ending December 31, 1995
     were $1,020,180 with $85,015 remaining unpaid at year end.

     Management Services
     -------------------

     The partnership entered into an agreement with TCG Management Corporation,
     an affiliate of the general partner, to provide management services. The
     agreement provides for a fee of $250,000 per annum. The agreement is for a
     term of one year with automatic renewals through the year 2003. Total
     management fees for the year ending December 31, 1995 were $250,000, with
     $20,833 remaining unpaid at year end.

     Construction Management Services
     --------------------------------

     The partnership entered into an agreement with TCG Construction Corporation
     to provide construction management services relating to the building and
     tenant alterations. The agreement provides for a management construction
     fee of 10% of total costs incurred in connection with the alterations. In
     addition, TCG Construction shall receive 100% of any cost savings payments
     received by the partnership related to the alterations. The agreement is
     for a term of one year with automatic renewals through the year 2003. Total
     fees incurred at December 31, 1995 are $1,249,809 and have been capitalized
     to the cost of improvements.








                                       - 16 -


                                      E-48

<PAGE>   17

                                 CERTIFICATE
                                 -----------

        The undersigned, the duly elected Secretary of Regency Affiliates,
Inc., does hereby certify that the following is a true and accurate copy of a
resolution of the Board of Directors adopted on March 16, 1996:

        RESOLVED, that the President and Secretary of the Corporation shall be
        authorized to file the Corporation's report on SEC Form 10-K for the
        year ending December 31, 1995 and that the same officers shall be, and 
        they hereby are authorized to execute said report utilizing powers of 
        attorney provided to them by the members of the Board of Directors of 
        the Corporation.



                                                /s/ Eunice M. Antosh
                                                ------------------------------
                                                Eunice M. Antosh

Dated this 20th day of March, 1996.






                                    E-49
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1





                          LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY
                          -------------------------

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

  That I, Stephanie Carey, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Gary K.
Nuttall and Eunice M. Antosh, or either of them, my true and lawful
Attorney-in-Fact, for me and in my name, place and stead, to sign, execute,
acknowledge and deliver the report on Form 10-K for Regency Affiliates, Inc.
for the year ended December 31, 1995 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

  This Power of Attorney is limited to the foregoing acts, however, it shall
not be affected by disability of the Donor and all of the authority given to
the Attorney-in-Fact herein shall be exercisable by said Attorney-in-Fact as
provided in this instrument, notwithstanding any later disability, incapacity
or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor.  All acts therein by said
Attorney-in-Fact, pursuant to this written instrument, during such period of
disability, incapacity or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor shall have
the same effect and inure to the benefit of the Donor and bind the Donor's
heirs, devisees and personal representatives as if the Donor where competent
and not disabled or incapacitated.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand, this 15th day of February,
1996.

In the presence of:



???                                 /s/ Stephanie Carey            
- --------------------------          ------------------------------------
                                    Stephanie Carey

???
- --------------------------

                                      1
                                    E-23
<PAGE>   2
NASSAU, COMMONWEALTH OF BAHAMAS





  Before me, a Notary Public in and for Nassau, Commonwealth of Bahamas,
personally appeared the above named, Stephanie Carey, who acknowledged to me
that he did sign the foregoing Power of Attorney and that the same is his or
her free act and deed.

  IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal this
15th day of February, 1996.


                                         
                                        /s/ ? ? Smith
                                        -----------------------------
                                        NOTARY PUBLIC





THIS INSTRUMENT PREPARED BY:

  James F. Koehler, Esq.
  Gallagher, Sharp, Fulton & Norman
  Seventh Floor, Bulkley Building
  1501 Euclid Avenue
  Cleveland, Ohio 44115
  (216) 522-1055





                                      2
                                    E-24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                          LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY
                          -------------------------


KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:
  That I, Martin J. Craffey, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Gary K.
Nuttall and Eunice M. Antosh, or either of them, my true and lawful
Attorney-in-Fact, for me and in my name, place and stead, to sign, execute,
acknowledge and deliver the report on Form 10-K for Regency Affiliates, Inc.
for the year ended December 31, 1995 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
  This Power of Attorney is limited to the foregoing acts, however, it shall
not be affected by disability of the Donor and all of the authority given to
the Attorney-in-Fact herein shall be exercisable by said Attorney-in-Fact as
provided in this instrument, notwithstanding any later disability, incapacity
or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor.  All acts therein by said
Attorney-in-Fact, pursuant to this written instrument, during such period of
disability, incapacity or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor shall have
the same effect and inure to the benefit of the Donor and bind the Donor's
heirs, devisees and personal representatives as if the Donor where competent
and not disabled or incapacitated.
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand, this 13th day of February,
1996.

In the presence of:



                                        /s/ Martin J. Craffey           
- ---------------------------             ---------------------------------
                                        Martin J. Craffey               


- ---------------------------                    ANTHONY J. PALERMO
                                        NOTORY PUBLIC, STATE OF NEW YORK
                                           NO. 4914444, SUFFOLK COUNTY
                                           TERM EXPIRES DEC. 14, 1997

                                             /S/ Anthony J. Palermo
                                                ----------------------


                                      1
                                    E-25
<PAGE>   2
STATE OF NEW YORK )
                  )  SS:
COUNTY OF SUFFOLK )





  Before me, a Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally
appeared the above named, Martin J. Craffey, who acknowledged to me that he did
sign the foregoing Power of Attorney and that the same is his or her free act
and deed.
  IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal this
13th day of February, 1996.

                                                    ANTHONY J. PALERMO
                                             NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF NEW YORK
                                                NO. 4914444, SUFFOLK COUNTY
                                                 TERM EXPIRES DEC. 14, 1997
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        NOTARY PUBLIC
                                                /s/ Anthony J. Palermo
                                                   -------------------



THIS INSTRUMENT PREPARED BY:

  James F. Koehler, Esq.
  Gallagher, Sharp, Fulton & Norman
  Seventh Floor, Bulkley Building
  1501 Euclid Avenue
  Cleveland, Ohio 44115
  (216) 522-1055


                                      2
                                    E-26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24.3
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                          LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY
                          -------------------------


KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:
  That I, Larry J. Horbach, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Eunice M.
Antosh, my true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact, for me and in my name, place and
stead, to sign, execute, acknowledge and deliver the report on Form 10-K for
Regency Affiliates, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1995 to be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  This Power of Attorney is limited to the foregoing acts, however, it shall
not be affected by disability of the Donor and all of the authority given to
the Attorney-in-Fact herein shall be exercisable by said Attorney-in-Fact as
provided in this instrument, notwithstanding any later disability, incapacity
or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor.  All acts therein by said
Attorney-in-Fact, pursuant to this written instrument, during such period of
disability, incapacity or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor shall have
the same effect and inure to the benefit of the Donor and bind the Donor's
heirs, devisees and personal representatives as if the Donor where competent
and not disabled or incapacitated.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand, this 13th day of February,
1996.

In the presence of:



/s/ Anne Horbach                        /s/ Larry J. Horbach
- ------------------------------          ------------------------------------
                                        Larry J. Horbach

/s/ Sally H. Johnston
- ------------------------------



                                      1
                                    E-27
<PAGE>   2
STATE OF NEBRASKA  )
                   )  SS:
COUNTY OF DOUGLAS  )





  Before me, a Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally
appeared the above named, Larry J. Horbach, who acknowledged to me that he did
sign the foregoing Power of Attorney and that the same is his or her free act
and deed.
  IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal this
13th day of February, 1996.


   GENERAL NOTARY-STATE NEBRASKA         /s/ Roger E. Pfeifer               
          ROGER E. PFEIFER               -----------------------------------
    My Comm. Exp. Sept. 21, 1998         NOTARY PUBLIC                      





THIS INSTRUMENT PREPARED BY:

  James F. Koehler, Esq.                                                    
  Gallagher, Sharp, Fulton & Norman                                         
  Seventh Floor, Bulkley Building                                           
  1501 Euclid Avenue
  Cleveland, Ohio 44115
  (216) 522-1055





                                      1
                                    E-28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24.4
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                          LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY
                          -------------------------


KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:
  That I, Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D., do hereby make, constitute and appoint Gary K.
Nuttall and Eunice M. Antosh, or either of them, my true and lawful
Attorney-in-Fact, for me and in my name, place and stead, to sign, execute,
acknowledge and deliver the report on Form 10-K for Regency Affiliates, Inc.
for the year ended December 31, 1995 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
  This Power of Attorney is limited to the foregoing acts, however, it shall
not be affected by disability of the Donor and all of the authority given to
the Attorney-in-Fact herein shall be exercisable by said Attorney-in-Fact as
provided in this instrument, notwithstanding any later disability, incapacity
or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor.  All acts therein by said
Attorney-in-Fact, pursuant to this written instrument, during such period of
disability, incapacity or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor shall have
the same effect and inure to the benefit of the Donor and bind the Donor's
heirs, devisees and personal representatives as if the Donor where competent
and not disabled or incapacitated.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand, this 20th day of February,
1996.

In the presence of:



/s/ L. David Wilson                     /s/ Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.     
- ---------------------------             --------------------------------
                                        Pamlyn Kelly, Ph.D.


/s/ ? ?
- ---------------------------





                                      1
                                    E-29
<PAGE>   2

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                   <C>                                          <C>
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                 |     RIGHT THUMBPRINT (OPTIONAL)
State of California     \                                                        |     TOP OF THUMB HERE
                         }                                                       |  ___________________________________
County of Contra Costa  /                                                        | |                                   |
                                                                                 | |                                   |
On 2/20/96 before me,________/s/ Wendy Gordillo, Notary________________________, | |                                   |
    (DATE)             (NAME, TITLE OF OFFICER-I.E., "JANE DOE, NOTARY PUBLIC")  | |                                   |
                                                                                 | |___________________________________|
personally appeared _______/s/ Pamlyn Kelly, PH.D______________________________  |
                            (NAME(S) OF SIGNER(S))                               |  CAPACITY CLAIMED BY SIGNER(S)
                                                                                 |
_______________________________________________________________________________  | [X] INDIVIDUAL(S)
                                                                                 | [ ] CORPORATE________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________ ,  |     OFFICER(S)_______________________
                                                                                 |                    (TITLE(S))
[ ] personally known to me   - OR -   [X] proved to me on the basis of           | [ ] PARTNER(S)
                                          satisfactory evidence to be the person | [ ] ATTORNEY IN FACT
 _________________NNA1_________________   whose name is subscribed to the within | [ ] TRUSTEE(S)
|                                      |  instrument and acknowledged to me that | [ ] GUARDIAN/CONSERVATOR
|              WENDY GORDILLO          |  she executed the same in her           | [ ] OTHER:___________________________
|              COMM. #1016702          |  authorized capacity, and that by her   |     _________________________________
| [SEAL]  Notary Public -- California  |  signature on the instrument the        |
|            CONTRA COSTA COUNTY       |  person, or the entity upon behalf of   | SIGNER IS REPRESENTING:
|        My Comm. Expires FEB 9, 1998  |  which the person acted, executed the   | (NAME OF PERSON(S) OR ENTITY(IES))
|_________________NNA1_________________|  instrument.                            |
                                                                                 | _____________________________________
                                          Witness my hand and official seal.     |
                                                                                 | _____________________________________
                                                  /s/ Wendy Gordillo             |
                  (SEAL)                  -------------------------------------  | _____________________________________
                                                 (SIGNATURE OF NOTARY)           |
========================================================================================================================
ATTENTION NOTARY: The information requested below is OPTIONAL. It could, however, prevent fraudulent attachment of this 
certificate to any unauthorized document.

                                    Title or Type of Document  Limited Power of Attorney
   THIS CERTIFICATE                                           ----------------------------------------------------------
   MUST BE ATTACHED                 Number of Pages   1                        Date of Document  2/20/96
   TO THE DOCUMENT                                  -------------------------                   ------------------------
   DESCRIBED AT RIGHT:              Signer(s) Other Than Named Above 
                                                                     ---------------------------------------------------
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
WOLCOTTS FORM 63240 -- ALL PURPOSE ACKNOWLEDGMENT WITH SIGNER CAPACITY/REPRESENTATION/FINGERPRINT -- Rev. 12-92
                                                                                                     (C) 1992 WOLCOTTS FORMS

</TABLE>



                                     E-30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24.5
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                          LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY
                          -------------------------


KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:
  That I, William R. Ponsoldt, Jr., do hereby make, constitute and appoint Gary
K. Nuttall and Eunice M. Antosh, or either of them, my true and lawful
Attorney-in-Fact, for me and in my name, place and stead, to sign, execute,
acknowledge and deliver the report on Form 10-K for Regency Affiliates, Inc.
for the year ended December 31, 1995 to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
  This Power of Attorney is limited to the foregoing acts, however, it shall
not be affected by disability of the Donor and all of the authority given to
the Attorney-in-Fact herein shall be exercisable by said Attorney-in-Fact as
provided in this instrument, notwithstanding any later disability, incapacity
or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor.  All acts therein by said
Attorney-in-Fact, pursuant to this written instrument, during such period of
disability, incapacity or adjudication of incompetency of the Donor shall have
the same effect and inure to the benefit of the Donor and bind the Donor's
heirs, devisees and personal representatives as if the Donor where competent
and not disabled or incapacitated.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand, this 15th day of March,
1996.

In the presence of:



 /s/ Karol D. Leuelan                    /s/ William R. Ponsoldt, Jr.    
- -----------------------------           ------------------------------------
 Karol D. Leuelan                        William R. Ponsoldt, Jr.

 /s/ Judith Kaufman
- -----------------------------
 Judith Kaufman


                                      1
                                    E-31
<PAGE>   2
STATE OF FLORIDA )
                 )  SS:
COUNTY OF MARTIN )





  Before me, a Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally
appeared the above named, William R. Ponsoldt, Jr., who acknowledged to me that
he did sign the foregoing Power of Attorney and that the same is his or her
free act and deed.
  IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal this
15th day of March, 1996.


                                        /s/ Frances K. Brown
                                        -----------------------------
                                        NOTARY PUBLIC       


                                        [seal]    FRANCES K. BROWN
                                            MY COMMISSION # CC 229954 EXPIRES
                                                    October 23, 1996
                                          BONDED THRU TROY FAIN INSURANCE, INC.


THIS INSTRUMENT PREPARED BY:

  James F. Koehler, Esq.
  Gallagher, Sharp, Fulton & Norman
  Seventh Floor, Bulkley Building
  1501 Euclid Avenue
  Cleveland, Ohio 44115
  (216) 522-1055





                                      2
                                    E-32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27.1
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<CIK> 0000099249
<NAME> REGENCY AFFILIATES, INC.
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                          39,689
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                    2,691
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                42,380
<PP&E>                                               0
<DEPRECIATION>                                       0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               4,980,148
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          255,796
<BONDS>                                        323,000
<COMMON>                                     4,456,308
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          368,254
<PREFERRED>                                  1,052,988
<OTHER-SE>                                 (1,582,647)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 4,980,148
<SALES>                                          2,597
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                 2,597
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                        0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              45,395
<INCOME-PRETAX>                              3,363,647
<INCOME-TAX>                                    70,000
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                          3,298,589
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                 3,298,589
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .29
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .22
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
