-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QXn3DDc7Vi6WNNHbNPKIsIWw1wA2/BBrNXLtJ+74pH6aFOxSawZJqJJZUdbOha2Q
 GGBshrKBWk7G/ZolxCcIcQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000914317-04-001163.txt : 20040312
<SEC-HEADER>0000914317-04-001163.hdr.sgml : 20040312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040312113056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000914317-04-001163
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FFLC BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912738
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				593204891
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22608
		FILM NUMBER:		04664709

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 490420
		CITY:			LEESBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34749-0420
		BUSINESS PHONE:		352-787-3311

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 490420
		STREET 2:		800 NORTH BOULEVARD WEST
		CITY:			LEESBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34749-0420
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form10k-57349_fflc.txt
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, D.C 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003       Commission File Number 0-22608

                               FFLC BANCORP, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

               Delaware                                               59-3204891
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation                   (I.R.S. Employer
or organization)                                             Identification No.)

800 North Boulevard West, Post Office Box 490420, Leesburg, Florida   34749-0420
(Address of principal executive offices)                              (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:               (352) 787-3311

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, par value $.01 per share
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES |X| NO |_|

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or other information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES |X| NO |_|

The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by
nonaffiliates was $110,818,187 computed by reference to the price at which the
common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common
equity, as of June 30, 2003 the last business day of the Registrant's most
recently completed second fiscal quarter.

The Registrant had 5,397,454 shares outstanding as of February 23, 2004.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

1.    Portions of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the Fiscal Year Ended
      December 31, 2003. (Part II and IV)

2.    Portions of Proxy Statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
      (Part III)

                                                                (CONFORMED COPY)

<PAGE>

                                      INDEX

PART I                                                                      Page
                                                                            ----

Item I.  Description of Business

                  Business                                                     3
                  Market Area and Competition                                  3
                  Market Risk                                                  4
                  Lending Activities                                         4-9
                  Asset Quality                                             9-14
                  Investment Activities                                       15
                  Mortgage-Backed Securities                                  15
                  Investment Securities                                    15-17
                  Sources of Funds                                         18-20
                  Borrowings                                               21-22
                  Off-Balance Sheet and Aggregate Contractual Obligations  22-23
                  Subsidiary Activities                                       23
                  Personnel                                                   23
                  Regulation and Supervision                               24-29
                  Federal and State Taxation                               30-31

Item 2.  Properties                                                        32-33

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings                                                    34

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                  34

PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
                  Stockholder Matters                                         34

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data                                              34

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
                  and Results of Operations                                   34

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk            34

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                          34

Item 9.  Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on
                  Accounting and Financial Disclosure                         34

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                              35

PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                   35

Item 11. Executive Compensation                                               35

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management       35

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                       35

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                               35

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K   36-37

SIGNATURES                                                                    38

CERTIFICATIONS                                                             39-42


                                       2
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Business

FFLC Bancorp, Inc., ("FFLC" or the "Company") was incorporated in Delaware on
September 16, 1993, and acquired First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County (the
"Bank") in connection with the Bank's conversion to stock form on January 4,
1994. The Company is a savings and loan holding company subject to regulation by
the Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS") which mainly transacts its business
through its subsidiary, the Bank. At December 31, 2003, the Company had total
assets of $947.9 million and stockholders' equity of $77.4 million.

The Bank was established in 1934 as a federally-chartered mutual savings and
loan association. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB")
System and its deposit accounts are insured to the maximum allowable amount by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). At December 31, 2003, the
Bank had total assets of $946.0 million and stockholders' equity of $79.2
million.

During 2002, FFLC Statutory Trust I (the "Trust") was formed for the sole
purpose of issuing $5,000,000 of trust preferred securities as more fully
described in the Borrowings section.

Market Area and Competition

The Bank is a community-oriented savings institution offering a variety of
financial services to meet the needs of the communities it serves. The Bank's
deposit gathering and lending markets are primarily concentrated in the
communities surrounding its full service offices located in Lake, Sumter, Citrus
and Marion counties in central Florida. Management believes that its offices are
located in communities that generally can be characterized as rural service and
retirement communities with residential neighborhoods comprised predominately of
one-to-four-family residences. The Bank is the largest (by asset size)
locally-based financial institution in Lake County, and serves its market area
with a wide selection of residential mortgage loans and other retail financial
services. Management considers the Bank's reputation for financial strength and
customer service as a major advantage in attracting and retaining customers in
its market area and believes it benefits from its community orientation as well
as its established deposit base and level of core deposits.

The Bank's competition for loans comes principally from commercial banks,
savings institutions, and mortgage banking companies. The Bank's most direct
competition for savings has historically come from commercial banks, savings
institutions and credit unions. The Bank faces additional competition for
savings from money-market mutual funds and other corporate and government
securities funds. The Bank also faces increased competition for deposits from
other financial intermediaries such as securities brokerage firms and insurance
companies.


                                       3
<PAGE>

Market Risk

Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates.
The Company's market risk arises primarily from interest-rate risk inherent in
its lending and deposit taking activities. To that end, management actively
monitors and manages its interest-rate risk exposure. The measurement of market
risk associated with financial instruments is meaningful only when all related
and offsetting on- and off-balance-sheet transactions are aggregated, and the
resulting net positions are identified. Disclosures about the fair value of
financial instruments, which reflect changes in market prices and rates, can be
found in Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company's primary objective in managing interest-rate risk is to minimize
the adverse impact of changes in interest rates on the Bank's net interest
income and capital, and to adjust the Company's asset-liability structure to
obtain the maximum yield-cost spread on that structure. The Company relies
primarily on its asset-liability management to control interest-rate risk.
However, a sudden and substantial increase in interest rates may adversely
impact the Company's earnings to the extent that the interest rates borne by
assets and liabilities do not change at the same speed, to the same extent, or
on the same basis. The Company does not engage in trading activities.

Lending Activities

Loan Portfolio. The Bank's loan portfolio consists primarily of conventional
first mortgage loans secured by one-to-four-family residences. At December 31,
2003, the Bank's total gross loans outstanding were $797.4 million, of which
$384.5 million or 48.22% of the Bank's total loan portfolio were
one-to-four-family residential first mortgage loans. Of the one-to-four-family
residential mortgage loans outstanding at that date, approximately 42% were
fixed rate loans and 58% were adjustable-rate ("ARM") loans. At the same date,
commercial real estate loans and other loans on improved real estate totaled
$167.4 million, or 20.99% of the Bank's total loan portfolio; construction
(excluding construction/permanent loans) and land loans totaled $43.6 million or
5.47% of the Bank's total loan portfolio; and multi-family mortgage loans
totaled $12.5 million or 1.56% of the Bank's total loan portfolio. Consumer, and
other loans held by the Bank, which principally consist of home equity loans,
deposit, consumer, and other loans, totaled $155.4 million or 19.50% of the
Bank's total loan portfolio and commercial loans totaled $34.0 million or 4.26%
of the Bank's total loan portfolio at December 31, 2003.


                                       4
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth the composition of the Bank's loan portfolio in
dollar amounts and percentages at the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          At December 31,
                                 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1999                2000                 2001                 2002               2003
                                 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             % of                % of                 % of                 % of               % of
                                  Amount     Total    Amount     Total     Amount     Total     Amount     Total    Amount    Total
                                  ------     -----    ------     -----     ------     -----     ------     -----    ------    -----
                                                                                        ($ in thousands)
<S>                              <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>      <C>       <C>
Mortgage loans:
     One-to-four-family          $354,317    68.28%  $409,600    64.97%   $413,712    58.77%   $395,116    52.23%  $384,514   48.22%
     Construction and land         11,861     2.29%    13,006     2.06%     22,951     3.26%     30,792     4.07     43,575    5.47%
     Multi-family                  13,394     2.58%    17,602     2.79%     20,304     2.88%     22,796     3.01     12,453    1.56%
     Commercial real estate
          and other                61,052    11.76%    79,729    12.65%    108,804    15.46%    140,770    18.61    167,381   20.99%
                                 --------   ------   --------   ------    --------   ------    --------   ------   --------  ------

            Total mortgage
                  loans           440,624    84.91%   519,937    82.47%    565,771    80.37%    589,474    77.92    607,923   76.24%

Consumer loans                     64,042    12.34%    95,824    15.20%    119,357    16.96%    138,202    18.61    155,438   19.50%
Commercial loans                   14,285     2.75%    14,677     2.33%     18,814     2.67%     28,879     3.82     33,990    4.26%
                                 --------   ------   --------   ------    --------   ------    --------   ------   --------  ------

            Total loans
                  receivable (1)  518,951   100.00%   630,438   100.00%    703,942   100.00%    756,555   100.00%   797,351  100.00%
                                            ======              ======               ======               ======             ======

Less:
     Loans in process             (15,907)            (12,128)             (14,310)             (16,770)            (24,573)
     Net deferred loan costs          668                 726                  592                  734                 699
     Allowance for loan losses     (2,811)             (3,552)              (4,289)              (5,181)             (5,490)
                                 --------            --------             --------             --------            --------

            Loans receivable,
                  net            $500,901            $615,484             $685,935             $735,338            $767,987
                                 ========            ========             ========             ========            ========

- ----------
(1) Total loans receivable
      outstanding by department
      consists of the following:
          Residential            $353,422    68.10%  $404,494    64.16%   $403,897    57.37%   $385,711    50.98%   372,551   46.72%
          Commercial              101,487    19.56%   130,120    20.64%    180,688    25.67%    229,930    30.39%   265,655   33.32%
          Consumer                 64,042    12.34%    95,824    15.20%    119,357    16.96%    140,914    18.63%   159,145   19.96%
                                 --------   ------   --------   ------    --------   ------    --------   ------   --------  ------

                                 $518,951   100.00%  $630,438   100.00%   $703,942   100.00%   $756,555   100.00%  $797,351  100.00%
                                 ========   ======   ========   ======    ========   ======    ========   ======   ========  ======
</TABLE>


                                       5
<PAGE>

Purchase of Mortgage Loans. In 2001, the Bank purchased $4.1 million mortgage
loans originated by other lenders. At December 31, 2003, $1.7 million, or .21%
of the Bank's total loan portfolio consisted of purchased mortgage loans or loan
participations. Purchased or participated mortgage loans consist of
one-to-four-family residential mortgage loans and commercial real estate loans.

Secondary Market Activities. The Bank participates in the secondary market
directly and through correspondent relationships, originating loans (primarily
30-year fixed-rate loans) which are primarily funded by the Bank and then
reimbursed by the investor correspondents. Funding by the correspondent occurs
on some loans. These loans are closed on the Bank's documents with funds
provided by the investor correspondent at closing with all credit conditions
established by the investor correspondent being satisfied prior to the issuance
of a loan commitment. The Bank receives a fee for originating, processing and
closing the loans and reports the loans to the OTS as loans originated and sold.
In the year ended December 31, 2003, total loans originated by the Bank and
through the correspondents amounted to $77.7 million or 32.2% of total mortgage
loans originated.

Loan Originations, Sales and Principal Repayments. The following table sets
forth the Bank's loan originations, sales and principal repayments for the
periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                        ---------------------------------------
                                                           2001           2002           2003
                                                           ----           ----           ----
                                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                                                     <C>              <C>            <C>
Mortgage loans (gross):
     At beginning of year                               $ 519,937        565,771        589,474
                                                        ---------       --------       --------
     Mortgage loans originated:
          One-to-four-family                              101,977        114,238        183,241
          Construction and land                             9,314         19,875         24,652
          Multi-family                                      4,475          1,875          2,191
          Commercial real estate                           12,408         50,362         31,349
                                                        ---------       --------       --------

               Total mortgage loans originated            128,174        186,350        241,433

     Mortgage loans purchased or participated               4,134             --             --
                                                        ---------       --------       --------

               Total mortgage loans originated and
                         purchased or participated        132,308        186,350        241,433

     Transfer of loans to foreclosed assets                  (656)        (1,679)        (1,951)
     Principal repayments                                 (70,892)      (103,541)      (132,808)
     Sales of loans (1)                                   (14,926)       (57,427)       (88,225)
                                                        ---------       --------       --------

               At end of year                           $ 565,771        589,474        607,923
                                                        =========       ========       ========

Consumer loans (gross):
     At beginning of year                                  95,824        119,357        138,202
     Loans originated                                      68,777         69,884         72,188
     Principal repayments                                 (45,244)       (51,039)       (54,952)
                                                        ---------       --------       --------

               At end of year                           $ 119,357        138,202        155,438
                                                        =========       ========       ========

Commercial loans (gross):
     At beginning of year                                  14,677         18,814         28,879
     Loans originated                                      12,782         17,560         15,968
     Principal repayments                                  (8,645)        (7,495)       (10,857)
                                                        ---------       --------       --------

               At end of year                           $  18,814         28,879         33,990
                                                        =========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

(1)   Represents loans originated for and funded by correspondents and loans
      originated and sold by the Bank.


                                       6
<PAGE>

Maturities of Loans. The following table shows the contractual maturities of the
Bank's loan portfolio at December 31, 2003. Loans that have adjustable rates are
shown as amortizing to final maturity rather than when the interest rates are
next subject to change. The table does not include prepayments or scheduled
principal repayments. Prepayments and scheduled principal repayments on the
Bank's loans totaled $124.8 million, $162.1 million and $198.6 million for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, respectively.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Mortgage Loans
                                           ------------------------
                                            One-to-                                                     Total
                                             Four-                      Commercial      Consumer        Loans
                                            Family          Other          Loans          Loans       Receivable
                                           ---------       --------     ----------      --------      ----------
                                                                      (In thousands)
<S>                                        <C>              <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
 Amounts due:
     Within 1 year                         $   5,183         21,610         3,024          6,973         36,790
                                           ---------       --------       -------       --------       --------

     1 to 3 years                              5,393         32,292         9,488         36,977         84,150
     3 to 5 years                              4,277         31,018        12,238         49,231         96,764
     5 to 10 years                             8,428         30,895         1,961         15,313         56,597
     10 to 20 years                           78,076         78,740         7,279         46,564        210,659
     Over 20 years                           283,157         28,854            --            380        312,391
                                           ---------       --------       -------       --------       --------

     Total due after 1 year                  379,331        201,799        30,966        148,465        760,561
                                           ---------       --------       -------       --------       --------

     Total amounts due                       384,514        223,409        33,990        155,438        797,351

     Loans in process                        (24,573)            --            --             --        (24,573)
     Net deferred loan fees and costs            830           (209)           --             78            699
     Allowance for loan losses                  (918)        (2,888)         (491)        (1,193)        (5,490)
                                           ---------       --------       -------       --------       --------

Loans receivable, net                      $ 359,853        220,312        33,499        154,323        767,987
                                           =========       ========       =======       ========       ========
</TABLE>

Loans Due After December 31, 2004. The following table sets forth at December
31, 2003, the dollar amount of all loans due or scheduled to reprice after
December 31, 2004, classified according to whether such loans have fixed or
adjustable interest rates.

                                                Due after December 31, 2004
                                          --------------------------------------
                                           Fixed        Adjustable        Total
                                          --------      ----------       -------
                                                      (In thousands)
Mortgage loans:
     One-to-four-family                   $142,091        237,240        379,331
     Construction and land                  13,048         34,459         47,507
     Multi-family                            6,739         11,523         18,262
     Commercial real estate                 21,309        114,721        136,030

Consumer loans                             118,526         29,939        148,465
Commercial loans                            15,981         14,985         30,966
                                          --------        -------        -------

          Total                           $317,694        442,867        760,561
                                          ========        =======        =======

One-to-Four-Family Mortgage Lending. The Bank's primary residential lending
emphasis is on the origination of first mortgage loans secured by
one-to-four-family residences within its primary lending area. Such residences
are primarily single family homes, including condominium and townhouses, that
serve as the primary residence of the owner. To a lesser degree, the Bank makes
loans on residences used as second homes or as investments. The Bank also offers
second mortgage loans which are underwritten applying the same standards as for
first mortgage loans.


                                       7
<PAGE>

In the years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, the Bank's total mortgage
loan originations, including loans purchased or participated, amounted to $132.3
million, $186.4 million and $241.4 million, respectively, of which $102.0
million, $114.2 million and $183.2 million, respectively, were secured by
one-to-four-family properties.

At December 31, 2003, 48.22% of total loans consisted of one-to-four-family
residential loans, of which approximately 61% were ARM loans. The Bank's ARM
loans may carry an initial interest rate which is less than the fully indexed
rate for the loan. The initial discounted rate is determined by the Bank in
accordance with market and competitive factors. The Bank offers one-, three-,
and five-year ARM loans which adjust by a maximum of 2% per adjustment period,
with lifetime caps on increases of 5% to 6%, depending upon the program chosen.

The Bank's policy on one-to-four-family residential mortgage loans generally is
to lend up to 80% of the appraised value of property securing the loan, or up to
95% if private mortgage insurance is obtained on the amount of the loan which
exceeds 80%.

Commercial and Multi-Family Real Estate Lending. As of December 31, 2003, $167.4
million, or 20.99% of the Bank's total loan portfolio consisted of commercial
real estate loans and $12.5 million, or 1.56% of the Bank's total loan
portfolio, consisted of multi-family mortgage loans.

The commercial real estate loans in the Bank's portfolio consist of fixed-rate
and ARM loans which were originated at prevailing market rates. The Bank's
policy has been to originate commercial or multi-family loans only in its
primary market area. Commercial and multi-family mortgage loans are generally
made in amounts up to 80% of the appraised value of the property. In making such
loans, the Bank primarily considers the net operating income generated by the
real estate to support the debt service, the financial resources and income
level and managerial expertise of the borrower, the marketability of the
property and the Bank's lending experience with the borrower.

Commercial Loans. As of December 31, 2003, $34.0 million or 4.26% of the Bank's
total loan portfolio, consisted of commercial loans.

Construction and Land Loans. The Bank originates loans to finance the
construction of one-to-four-family homes and, to a much lesser extent,
originates loans for the acquisition and development of land (either unimproved
land or improved lots) on which the purchaser can then build. At December 31,
2003, construction (excluding construction/permanent loans) and land loans
totaled $43.6 million or 5.47% of the Bank's total loan portfolio.

At December 31, 2003, the Bank had loans in process (undisbursed loan proceeds
of construction loans) of $24.6 million which were mainly secured by residential
mortgages. The Bank makes residential construction loans to homeowners on a
long-term basis with amortization beginning at the conclusion of construction,
usually a period of about six months. Such loans are carried in the
one-to-four-family category and are not separately classified as construction
loans. Residential construction loans to builders are carried in the
construction and land category.

Consumer Lending. At December 31, 2003, $155.4 million or 19.50% of the Bank's
total loan portfolio consisted of consumer loans, including home equity loans of
$38.2 million, lines of credit of $26.5 million, direct auto and truck loans of
$16.3 million, indirect auto and truck loans of $17.0 million, home improvement
loans and other secured consumer loans of $25.5 million, lot loans of $30.9
million and unsecured personal loans of $1.0 million.

The Bank's home equity loans are originated on one-to-four-family residences,
either on a fixed-rate basis with terms of up to 15 years or as balloon loans
with terms up to five years with fifteen year amortization periods. Those loans
are generally limited to aggregate outstanding indebtedness on the property
securing the loan or 90% of the loan to value ratio. The Bank also offers home
equity lines of


                                       8
<PAGE>

credit, which bear prime-based, adjustable interest rates with terms up to
fifteen years. Such loans generally require monthly payments of 1.5% of the
balance outstanding including interest.

Consumer loans are offered primarily on a fixed-rate, short-term basis. Except
for second mortgage loans, which are underwritten pursuant to the standards
applicable to one-to-four-family residential loans, the underwriting standards
employed by the Bank for consumer loans include a determination of the
applicant's payment history on other debts and an assessment of the borrower's
ability to make payments on the proposed loan and other indebtedness.

Loan Approval and Authority. Loan approval authority for loans exceeding
$2,000,000 is vested in the Loan Committee which meets weekly to consider loan
recommendations of the Loan Committee. The Loan Committee is comprised of three
directors, the President and the Senior Lending Officers of the Bank. Management
has been delegated authority to approve mortgage loans, commercial loans, home
equity loans, home equity lines of credit and secured consumer loans up to
$2,000,000.

The Bank's policy is to require title and hazard insurance on all real estate
loans, except home equity loans for which a title search is conducted in lieu of
obtaining title insurance. Borrowers may be permitted to pay real estate taxes
and hazard insurance premiums applicable to the secured property for a mortgage
loan. In some instances, borrowers may be required to advance funds together
with each payment of principal and interest to a mortgage escrow account from
which the Bank makes disbursements for items such as real estate taxes, hazard
insurance premiums and private mortgage insurance premiums.

Asset Quality

Delinquent Loans and Nonperforming Assets. Loans are generally placed on
nonaccrual status when the collection of principal or interest is 90 days or
more past due, or earlier if collection is deemed uncertain. The Bank provides
an allowance for accrued interest deemed uncollectible. Accrued interest
receivable is reported net of the allowance for uncollected interest. Loans may
be reinstated to accrual status when all payments are brought current and, in
the opinion of management, collection of the remaining balance can be reasonably
expected.


                                       9
<PAGE>

At December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, delinquencies in the Bank's loan portfolio
were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             At December 31, 2001                 At December 31, 2002                  At December 31, 2003
                     -----------------------------------  ------------------------------------  -----------------------------------
                         60-89 Days     90 Days or More       60-89 Days      90 Days or More       60-89 Days      90 Days or More
                     ----------------  -----------------  -----------------  -----------------  -----------------  ----------------
                     Number Principal  Number  Principal  Number  Principal  Number  Principal  Number  Principal  Number Principal
                         of   Balance      of   Balance       of    Balance      of    Balance      of    Balance      of   Balance
                      Loans  of Loans   Loans   of Loans   Loans   of Loans   Loans   of Loans   Loans   of Loans   Loans  of Loans
                      -----  --------   -----   --------   -----   --------   -----   --------   -----   --------   -----  --------
                                                                   ($ in thousands)
<S>                      <C>     <C>       <C>    <C>         <C>    <C>         <C>    <C>         <C>    <C>         <C>   <C>
One-to-four-family        4      $126      12     $1,004      10     $  793      27     $1,956      --     $   --      11    $1,180
Construction and land    --        --       1         47      --         --      --         --      --         --      --        --
Multi-family             --        --      --         --      --         --      --         --      --         --      --        --
Commercial real estate   --        --       2        390      --         --       2        254      --         --      --        --
                         --      ----      --     ------      --     ------      --     ------      --     ------      --    ------

    Total mortgage
      loans               4       126      15      1,441      10        793      29      2,210      --         --      11     1,180

Consumer loans           27       391      20        472      49        584      14        152      26        334      21       614
Commercial loans          2       194      --         --      --         --       1        230       4      3,845       4       499
                         --      ----      --     ------      --     ------      --     ------      --     ------      --    ------

    Total loans          33      $711      35     $1,913      59     $1,377      44     $2,592      30     $4,179      36    $2,293
                         ==      ====      ==     ======      ==     ======      ==     ======      ==     ======      ==    ======

Delinquent loans to
  total loans                     .10%               .27%               .18%               .34%               .52%              .29%
                                  ===                 ===                ===                ===                ===               ===
</TABLE>


                                       10
<PAGE>

Nonperforming Assets. The following table sets forth information with respect to
the Bank's nonperforming assets at the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   At December 31,
                                                ------------------------------------------------------
                                                 1999        2000        2001        2002        2003
                                                 ----        ----        ----        ----        ----
                                                                   ($ in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Nonaccrual mortgage loans                       $2,200       2,472       1,441       2,210       1,180

Nonaccrual commercial and consumer loans           162          38         472         382       4,107
                                                ------       -----       -----       -----       -----

Total nonperforming loans                        2,362       2,510       1,913       2,592       5,287

Foreclosed assets                                  400         276         373         626         881
                                                ------       -----       -----       -----       -----

          Total nonperforming assets            $2,762       2,786       2,286       3,218       6,168
                                                ======       =====       =====       =====       =====

Nonperforming loans to total loans                 .46%        .40%        .27%        .34%        .66%
                                                ======       =====       =====       =====       =====

Total nonperforming assets to total assets         .47%        .39%        .28%        .35%        .65%
                                                ======       =====       =====       =====       =====
</TABLE>

At December 31, 2003, the Bank had no accruing loans which were contractually
past due 90 days or more as to principal and interest and no troubled debt
restructurings as defined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 15.
The increase in nonaccrual commercial loans mainly resulted from two loans to an
agricultural borrower being identified as impaired and placed on nonaccrual
status. Management estimates that equity in the related collateral is sufficient
and no loss is anticipated on these loans. Nonaccrual loans for which interest
has been reduced totaled approximately $5.3 million, $2.6 million and $1.9
million at December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. For the year ended
December 31, 2003, interest income that would have been recorded under the
original terms of nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2003 and interest income
actually recognized is summarized below (in thousands):

     Interest income that would have been recorded                  $  225
     Interest income recognized                                        142
                                                                    ------

     Interest income foregone                                       $   83
                                                                    ======

Classified Assets. Federal regulations and the Bank's policy require the
classification of loans and other assets, such as debt and equity securities,
considered to be of lesser quality as "substandard", "doubtful" or "loss"
assets. An asset is considered "substandard" if it is inadequately protected by
the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral
pledged, if any. "Substandard" assets include those characterized by the
"distinct possibility" that the institution will sustain "some loss" if the
deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as "doubtful" have all of the
weaknesses inherent in those classified "substandard," with the added
characteristic that the weaknesses present make "collection or liquidation in
full", on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, "highly
questionable and improbable." Assets classified as "loss" are those considered
"uncollectible" and of such little value that their continuance as assets
without the establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. In
addition, the Bank's policies require that assets which do not currently expose
the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification as
substandard but possess other weaknesses are designated "special mention" by
management.


                                       11
<PAGE>

If an asset is classified, the estimated fair value of the asset is determined
and if that value is less than the then carrying value of the asset, the
difference is established as a specific reserve. If an asset is classified as
loss, the amount of the asset classified as loss is reserved. General reserves
or general valuation allowances represent loss allowances which have been
established to recognize the inherent risk associated with lending activities
but, unlike specific reserves, are not allocated to particular assets.

The following table sets forth information concerning the number and dollar
amount of loans and foreclosed assets classified as "special mention" or
"substandard" at the dates indicated. No loans or foreclosed assets were
classified "doubtful" or "loss" at those dates.

                                      Special Mention        Substandard
                                      ----------------    ----------------
                                      Number    Amount    Number    Amount
                                      ------    ------    ------    ------
                                               ($ in thousands)
At December 31, 2003:
Loans                                   17      $8,132      51      $7,095

Foreclosed assets:
     One-to-four-family properties      --          --       5         439

     Other                              --          --      22         442
                                        --      ------      --      ------

          Total                         17      $8,132      78      $7,976
                                        ==      ======      ==      ======

At December 31, 2002:
Loans                                   20       5,659      54       3,076

Foreclosed assets:
     One-to-four-family properties      --          --       5         422

     Other                              --          --      18         204
                                        --      ------      --      ------

          Total                         20      $5,659      77      $3,702
                                        ==      ======      ==      ======

Allowance for Loan Losses. The Bank's allowance for loan losses is established
and maintained through a provision for loan losses based on management's
evaluation of the risk inherent in its loan portfolio and the condition of the
local economy in the Bank's market area. Such evaluation, which includes a
review of all loans on which full collectibility may not be reasonably assured,
considers, among other matters, the estimated fair value of the underlying
collateral, economic and regulatory conditions, and other factors that warrant
recognition in providing for an adequate loan loss allowance. Although
management believes it uses the best information available to make
determinations with respect to the Bank's allowance for loan losses, future
adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions vary substantially from the
economic conditions in the assumptions used in making the initial determinations
or if other circumstances change.


                                       12
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth the Bank's allowance for loan losses at the dates
indicated, the provisions made and the charge-offs and recoveries effected
during the years indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             At or For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1999           2000           2001           2002           2003
                                                ----           ----           ----           ----           ----
                                                                          (In thousands)
<S>                                            <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
     Balance at beginning of year              $ 2,283          2,811          3,552          4,289          5,181
     Provision for loan losses                     719            880          1,115          1,845          1,514
     Charge-offs:
          One-to-four-family                        --            (58)           (48)           (93)          (167)
          Construction and land                    (44)            --             --             --             --
          Multi-family                              --             --             --             --             --
          Commercial real estate                    --             --            (90)          (150)           (73)
          Commercial and consumer loans           (166)           (99)          (258)          (753)        (1,062)
                                               -------         ------         ------         ------         ------

          Total charge-offs by category           (210)          (157)          (396)          (996)        (1,302)

     Recoveries                                     19             18             18             43             97
                                               -------         ------         ------         ------         ------

     Balance at end of year                    $ 2,811          3,552          4,289          5,181          5,490
                                               =======         ======         ======         ======         ======
</TABLE>

The following table sets forth the ratios of the Bank's charge-offs and
allowances for losses for the years indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1999          2000         2001         2002            2003
                                                          ----          ----         ----         ----            ----
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>              <C>
     Net charge-offs during the year
          as a percentage of average loans
          outstanding during the year                      .04%          .03%         .06%         .13%            .16%

     Allowance for loan losses as a
          percentage of gross loans receivable
          at end of year                                   .54%          .56%         .61%         .68%            .69%

     Allowance for loan losses as a
          percentage of total nonperforming
          assets at end of year                         101.77%       127.49%      187.62%      161.00%          89.01%

     Allowance for loan losses as a
          percentage of nonperforming loans
          at end of year                                119.01%       141.51%      224.20%      199.88%         103.84%
</TABLE>


                                       13
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth the Bank's specific and general allowance for
possible loan losses by type of loan for the years indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         At December 31,
                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       1999                 2000                2001               2002               2003
                                -----------------     -----------------   ----------------    ---------------    ---------------
                                             % of                  % of               % of               % of               % of
                                         Loans to              Loans to           Loans to           Loans to           Loans to
                                            Total                 Total              Total              Total              Total
                                Amount      Loans     Amount      Loans    Amount    Loans    Amount    Loans    Amount    Loans
                                ------      -----     ------      -----    ------    -----    ------    -----    ------    -----
                                                                                     ($ in thousands)
<S>                             <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>
At end of year allocated to:
     One-to-four-family         $  528      68.28%    $  609      64.97%   $  752    58.77%   $  840    52.23%   $  918    48.22%
     Construction and land         408       2.29        423       2.06       595     3.26       693     4.07       861     5.47
     Multi-family                  301       2.58        488       2.79       353     2.88       376     3.01       229     1.56
     Commercial real estate        750      11.76        998      12.65     1,357    15.46     1,781    18.61     1,798    20.99
     Consumer loans                447      12.34        708      15.20       895    16.96     1,057    18.26     1,193    19.50
     Commercial loans              377       2.75        326       2.33       337     2.67       434     3.82       491     4.26
                                ------     ------     ------     ------    ------   ------    ------   ------    ------   ------

          Total                 $2,811     100.00%    $3,552     100.00%   $4,289   100.00%   $5,181   100.00%   $5,490   100.00%
                                ======     ======     ======     ======    ======   ======    ======   ======    ======   ======
</TABLE>


                                       14
<PAGE>

Investment Activities

The investment policy of the Bank, which is established by the Board of
Directors and implemented by the Chief Executive Officer who is designated as
the Investment Officer, is designed primarily to provide and maintain liquidity,
to generate a favorable return on investments without incurring undue interest
rate and credit risk, and to complement the Bank's lending activities. In
establishing its investment strategies, the Bank considers its business and
growth plans, the economic environment, the types of securities to be held and
other factors. Federally chartered savings institutions have the authority to
invest in various types of assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations,
securities of various federal agencies, certain certificates of deposit of
insured banks and savings institutions, certain bankers acceptances, repurchase
agreements, loans on federal funds, and, subject to certain limits, commercial
paper and mutual funds.

The Company follows Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115. That
statement requires investment and mortgage-backed securities that the Company
has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity to be classified as
held-to-maturity securities and reported at amortized cost. Securities that are
held principally for selling in the near term are to be classified as trading
securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included
in earnings. Securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or
trading securities are to be classified as available-for-sale securities and
reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings
and reported in a separate component of stockholders' equity. At December 31,
2003, all securities have been classified as available for sale by management.

Mortgage-Backed Securities

The Company's mortgage-backed securities consist of securities issued by the
Government National Mortgage Association ("GNMA"), the Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC") or the Federal National Mortgage Association
("FNMA"). These mortgage-backed securities totaled $28.5 million or 34.7% of
total securities at December 31, 2003.

The following table sets forth mortgage-backed security purchases, sales,
amortization and principal repayments during the periods indicated:

                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                             ------------------------------
                                               2001       2002       2003
                                               ----       ----       ----
                                                     (In thousands)

     At beginning of year                    $ 14,394     10,943     22,296
     Purchases                                    500     17,891     25,639
     Amortization and principal repayments     (4,009)    (6,665)   (19,371)
     Change in unrealized gain                     58        127        (25)
                                             --------    -------    -------

               At end of year                $ 10,943     22,296     28,539
                                             ========    =======    =======

Investment Securities

At December 31, 2003, the Bank held $53.6 million in investment securities
consisting of $36.6 million in U.S. Government and agency securities, $9.0
million in mutual funds and $7.9 million in other investment securities. In
addition, the Bank holds $27.1 million in interest-earning deposits and $6.9
million of FHLB of Atlanta stock.


                                       15
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the amortized cost
and market values of the Bank's interest-earning deposits, FHLB stock and
investment securities at the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           At December 31,
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2001                         2002                        2003
                                            ----------------------       ---------------------       ---------------------
                                            Amortized       Market       Amortized      Market       Amortized      Market
                                              Cost           Value         Cost          Value         Cost         Value
                                              ----           -----         ----          -----         ----         -----
                                                                             (In thousands)
<S>                                          <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Interest-earning deposits                    $30,183        30,183        49,237        49,237        27,088        27,088
                                             =======        ======        ======        ======        ======        ======

FHLB stock                                   $ 7,700         7,700         7,700         7,700         6,900         6,900
                                             =======        ======        ======        ======        ======        ======

Investment securities-

     Available-for-sale:
          U.S. Government and
               agency securities              32,670        33,241        36,801        37,649        36,298        36,639
          Other investment securities          6,268         6,276         7,990         8,005         7,904         7,943
          Investment in mutual funds           9,125         9,043         9,433         9,374         9,146         9,016
                                             -------        ------        ------        ------        ------        ------

          Total investment securities        $48,063        48,560        54,224        55,028        53,348        53,598
                                             =======        ======        ======        ======        ======        ======
</TABLE>


                                       16
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth information concerning the amortized cost and
weighted average yields by maturity on investment securities and FHLB stock at
December 31, 2003 and 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Due After              Due After
                                                   One Through            Five Through         Due After
                           Due Within One Year      Five Years              10 Years            10 Years               Total
                          -------------------- ---------------------  -------------------- ------------------- ---------------------
                                    Annualized            Annualized            Annualized          Annualized
                                     Weighted              Weighted              Weighted            Weighted            Approximate
                          Amortized   Average  Amortized    Average   Amortized   Average  Amortized  Average  Amortized    Market
                             Cost      Yield     Cost        Yield      Cost       Yield      Cost     Yield      Cost      Value
                           -------     -----    -------      -----     -------     -----    -------    -----     ------    -------
                                                                        ($ in thousands)
<S>                        <C>          <C>     <C>           <C>      <C>             <C>   <C>         <C>     <C>       <C>
At December 31, 2003:
FHLB stock (no
     defined maturity)     $ 6,900      3.50%   $    --         --%    $    --         --%   $    --       --%   $ 6,900   $ 6,900
                           =======      ====                                                                     =======   =======

Investment securities:
     U.S. Government
         and agency
         obligations        16,067      4.94     20,231       3.12          --         --         --       --     36,298    36,639
     Other investment
         securities             --        --         --         --          --         --      7,904     2.77      7,904     7,943
     Mutual funds (no
     defined maturity)       9,146      2.38         --         --          --         --         --       --      9,146     9,016
                           -------              -------                -------               -------             -------   -------

         Total investment
              securities   $25,213      3.90%   $20,231       3.12%    $    --         --%   $ 7,904     2.77%   $53,348   $53,598
                           =======      ====    =======       ====     =======    =======    =======     ====    =======   =======

At December 31, 2002:
FHLB stock (no
     defined maturity)     $ 7,700      5.00%   $    --         --%    $    --         --%   $    --       --%   $ 7,700   $ 7,700
                           =======      ====                                                                     =======   =======
Investment securities:
     U.S. Government
         and agency
         obligations        12,531      4.46     24,270       4.49          --         --         --       --     36,801    37,649
     Other investment
         securities             --        --         --         --          --         --      7,990     3.37      7,990     8,005
     Mutual funds (no
     defined maturity)       9,433      2.60         --         --          --         --         --       --      9,433     9,374
                           -------              -------                -------               -------             -------   -------

         Total investment
              securities   $21,964      3.66%   $24,270       4.49%    $    --         --%   $ 7,990     3.37%   $54,224   $55,028
                           =======      ====    =======       ====     =======    =======    =======     ====    =======   =======
</TABLE>


                                       17
<PAGE>

Sources of Funds

General. Repayments and maturities of mortgage-backed and investment securities,
loan repayments, deposits and cash flows generated from operations are the
primary sources of the Bank's funds for use in lending, investing and for other
general purposes.

Deposits. The Bank offers a variety of deposit accounts having a range of
interest rates and terms. The Bank's deposits consist of regular savings,
non-interest-bearing checking, NOW checking, money market and certificate
accounts. Of the deposit accounts at December 31, 2003, $56.9 million or 8.1%
consist of individual retirement accounts ("IRAs").

The Bank seeks to retain core deposits consisting of passbook and statement
savings, money market, noninterest-bearing checking, and NOW accounts, which
contribute to a low cost of funds. Such core deposits represented 25.70%, 27.26%
and 31.13% of total deposits at December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, respectively.

The following table shows the distribution of the Bank's deposits by type at the
dates indicated and the weighted-average nominal interest rates on each category
of deposits presented at December 31, 2003 ($ in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        At December 31,
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          2001                       2002                              2003
                                 ----------------------     ----------------------     ------------------------------------
                                                Percent                    Percent                    Percent     Weighted-
                                               of Total                   of Total                   of Total      Average
                                  Amount       Deposits      Amount       Deposits      Amount       Deposits         Rate
                                 --------      --------     --------      --------     --------      --------     --------
<S>                              <C>             <C>        <C>             <C>        <C>             <C>            <C>
Demand accounts:
     Noninterest-bearing
          checking               $ 14,334          2.45%    $ 18,867          2.82%    $ 31,481          4.46%         .00%
     NOW and money-
          market accounts         111,961         19.13      137,858         20.64      161,527         22.89          .40
     Passbook and
          statement savings        24,093          4.12       25,403          3.80       26,636          3.78          .55
                                 --------      --------     --------      --------     --------      --------     --------

          Total                   150,388         25.70      182,128         27.26      219,644         31.13          .36
                                 --------      --------     --------      --------     --------      --------     --------

Certificate accounts:
     Custom                        38,854          6.64       31,600          4.73       32,599          4.62         1.07
     91 day                           279           .05          209           .03          372           .05         1.31
     182 day                       10,085          1.72       10,599          1.59       13,034          1.85         1.28
     7 months                         325           .06           --            --           --            --           --
     9 months                      17,974          3.07       11,042          1.65       12,892          1.83         1.51
     12 months                     55,356          9.46       62,564          9.36       58,558          8.30         1.77
     13 months                     88,670         15.15       18,078          2.71           --            --           --
     14 months                     18,835          3.22           --            --       19,004          2.69         1.77
     15 months                         --            --       34,654          5.19       25,445          3.61         2.16
     18 months                     27,374          4.68       26,363          3.95       17,915          2.54         2.00
     20 months                         26           .00           --            --           --            --           --
     21 months                     94,807         16.20       50,623          7.58           52           .01         3.15
     22 months                      4,721           .81           --            --           --            --           --
     24 months                     25,414          4.34      112,025         16.77      135,052         19.14         3.30
     25 months                     18,193          3.11           --            --           --            --           --
     30 months                     21,471          3.67       19,202          2.87       18,517          2.62         4.29
     36 months                      2,615           .45       41,388          6.20       57,944          8.21         3.74
     54 months                         --            --       51,537          7.71       77,766         11.02         4.12
     60 months                      9,741          1.67       16,046          2.40       16,795          2.38         4.55
                                 --------      --------     --------      --------     --------      --------     --------

          Total                   434,740         74.30      485,930         72.74      485,945         68.87         2.96
                                 --------      --------     --------      --------     --------      --------     --------

          Total deposits         $585,128        100.00%    $668,058        100.00%    $705,589        100.00%        2.15%
                                 ========      ========     ========      ========     ========      ========     ========
</TABLE>


                                       18
<PAGE>

The following table presents the deposit activity of the Bank for the years
indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                            ---------------------------------------------
                                               2001              2002             2003
                                               ----              ----             ----
                                                            (In thousands)
<S>                                         <C>                <C>              <C>
     Deposits                               $ 2,394,602        3,161,518        3,554,299
     Withdrawals                             (2,353,541)      (3,094,131)      (3,529,005)
                                            -----------       ----------       ----------

     Deposits in excess of withdrawals           41,061           67,387           25,294

     Interest credited on deposits               25,182           15,543           12,237
                                            -----------       ----------       ----------

     Total increase in deposits             $    66,243           82,930           37,531
                                            ===========       ==========       ==========
</TABLE>

The following table presents the amount of time deposit accounts in amounts of
$100,000 or more at December 31, 2003 maturing as follows (in thousands):

                  Maturity Period
                  ---------------

          One month through three months                        $  24,328
          Over three through six months                            18,957
          Over six through 12 months                               31,193
          Over 12 months                                           72,960
                                                                ---------

                     Total                                      $ 147,438
                                                                =========


                                       19
<PAGE>

The following table presents, by various rate categories, the amount of
certificate accounts outstanding at December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003 and the
periods to maturity of the certificate accounts outstanding at December 31,
2003.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Period to Maturity from December 31, 2003
                               At December 31,              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                      -------------------------------        Within      1 to        2 to        3 to         4 to
                      2001          2002        2003         1 Year     2 Years     3 Years     4 Years      5 Years      Total
                      ----          ----        ----         ------     -------     -------     -------      -------      -----
                                                                    (In thousands)
<S>                 <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>
2.00% or less       $     --       48,547      151,505      138,085      12,801         619          --           --      151,505
2.01% to 3.00%        48,916      112,037      102,354       48,940      39,910      13,365          --          139      102,354
3.01% to 4.00%        92,048      122,814       91,897       34,364      17,548       3,219      24,449       12,317       91,897
4.01% to 5.00%       141,637      171,116      126,882       57,625      22,993      13,493      32,327          444      126,882
5.01% to 6.00%        68,394       30,092       12,096        2,589         803       7,121       1,583           --       12,096
6.01% or more         83,745        1,324        1,211           --       1,128          83          --           --        1,211
                    --------      -------      -------      -------      ------      ------      ------      -------      -------

                    $434,740      485,930      485,945      281,603      95,183      37,900      58,359       12,900      485,945
                    ========      =======      =======      =======      ======      ======      ======      =======      =======
</TABLE>


                                       20
<PAGE>

Borrowings

Junior Subordinated Debentures. On September 26, 2002, the Trust sold
adjustable-rate Trust Preferred Securities due September 26, 2032 in the
aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 (the "Capital Securities") in a pooled
trust preferred securities offering. The interest rate on the Capital Securities
adjusts quarterly, to a rate equal to the then current three-month London
Interchange Bank Offering Rate ("LIBOR"), plus 340 basis points. In addition,
the Holding Company contributed capital of $155,000 to the Trust for the
purchase of the common securities of the Trust. The proceeds from these sales
were paid to the Holding Company in exchange for $5,155,000 of its
adjustable-rate Junior Subordinated Debentures (the "Debentures") due September
26, 2032. The Debentures have the same terms as the Capital Securities. The
Holding Company then invested $3,000,000 as a capital contribution in the Bank.
The sole asset of the Trust, the obligor on the Capital Securities, is the
Debentures.

The Holding Company has guaranteed the Trust's payment of distributions on,
payments on any redemptions of, and any liquidation distribution with respect
to, the Capital Securities. Cash distributions on both the Capital Securities
and the Debentures are payable quarterly in arrears on March 26, June 26,
September 26 and December 26 of each year.

The Capital Securities are subject to mandatory redemption (i) in whole, but not
in part, upon repayment of the Debentures at stated maturity or, at the option
of the Holding Company, their earlier redemption in whole upon the occurrence of
certain changes in the tax treatment or capital treatment of the Capital
Securities, or a change in the law such that the Trust would be considered an
Investment Company and (ii) in whole or in part at any time on or after
September 26, 2007 contemporaneously with the optional redemption by the Holding
Company of the Debentures in whole or in part. The Debentures are redeemable
prior to maturity at the option of the Holding Company (i) on or after September
26, 2007, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, or (ii) in whole,
but not in part, at any time within 90 days following the occurrence and
continuation of certain changes in the tax treatment or capital treatment of the
Capital Securities, or a change in law such that the Trust would be considered
an Investment Company, required to be registered under the Investment Company
Act of 1940.

The Company has entered into a five year interest rate swap agreement that
effectively converted the floating interest rate of these Capital Securities
into a fixed interest rate of 6.85%, thus reducing the impact of interest rate
changes on future interest expense for the five year period. In accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," this interest rate swap qualifies as a cash
flow hedge. The fair value of this interest rate swap is recorded as an asset or
liability on the consolidated balance sheet with an offsetting entry recorded in
other comprehensive income, net of the income tax effect. At December 31, 2003
and 2002, the unrealized loss of the derivative instrument was $83,000 ($52,000
net of tax) and $120,000 ($75,000 net of tax), respectively.

In 2003, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation
No. 46, "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities" as revised in December
2003. In accordance with Interpretation No. 46, the Trust is not consolidated in
the financial statements of the Company, but rather accounted for under the
equity method of accounting. The Company has elected to apply Interpretation No.
46 on a retroactive basis and therefore has restated its 2002 consolidated
financial statements. The effect to the 2002 consolidated balance sheet was to
record junior subordinated debentures of $5,155,000, eliminate the guaranteed
beneficial interest in junior subordinated debentures of $5,000,000 and record
the Company's investment in the Trust of $155,000 in other assets.
Interpretation No. 46 had no effect on the 2002 consolidated statement of
income.


                                       21
<PAGE>

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Other Borrowings. The Bank is authorized to
obtain advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") of Atlanta which are
generally collateralized by a blanket lien against the Bank's mortgage
portfolio. Such advances may be made pursuant to several different credit
programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. The
maximum amount that the FHLB of Atlanta will advance to member institutions,
including the Bank, for purposes other than meeting withdrawals, fluctuates from
time to time in accordance with the policies of the Federal Housing Finance
Board and the FHLB of Atlanta. At December 31, 2003, the Bank had $133.0 million
in FHLB advances outstanding.

The Bank also borrows under retail repurchase agreements with customers of the
Bank. These agreements are accounted for as borrowings and are secured by
securities owned by the Bank. The Bank also has $5,155,000 in junior
subordinated debentures outstanding-discussed previously.

The following table sets forth certain information relating to the Bank's
borrowings at the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       At or For the Year
                                                                                       Ended December 31,
                                                                        -------------------------------------------------
                                                                            2001              2002                2003
                                                                            ----              ----                ----
                                                                                        ($ in thousands)
<S>                                                                     <C>               <C>                 <C>
FHLB advances:
     Average balance outstanding                                        $   136,041       $   160,235         $   139,372
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Maximum amount outstanding at any month end during the year        $   154,000       $   164,000         $   149,000
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Balance outstanding at end of year                                 $   154,000       $   149,000         $   133,000
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Weighted average interest rate during the year                            6.07%             5.62%               5.55%
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Weighted average interest rate at end of year                             5.73%             5.40%               5.40%
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========

Other borrowed funds:
     Average balance outstanding                                        $    11,842       $    16,915         $    22,654
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Maximum amount outstanding at any month end during the year        $    18,427       $    24,216         $    20,482
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Balance outstanding at end of year                                 $    13,327       $    19,303         $    17,786
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Weighted average interest rate during the year                            3.91%             2.12%               2.17%
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Weighted average interest rate at end of year                             2.15%             5.08%               2.04%
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========

Total borrowings:
     Average balance outstanding                                        $   147,883       $   177,150         $   162,026
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Maximum amount outstanding at any month end during the year        $   172,427       $   188,216         $   169,482
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Balance outstanding at end of year                                 $   167,327       $   168,303         $   150,786
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Weighted average interest rate during the year                            5.90%             5.29%               5.08%
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
     Weighted average interest rate at end of year                             5.44%             5.38%               5.00%
                                                                        ===========       ===========         ===========
</TABLE>

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations

The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in
the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers and
to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial
instruments include commitments to extend credit, unused lines of credit,
undisbursed loans in process and standby letters of credit. These instruments
involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest-rate risk in excess
of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. The contract
amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of the Company's involvement in
these financial instruments.

The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the
other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit, unused
lines of credit, undisbursed loans in process and standby letters of credit is
represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the
same credit policies in making commitments as it does for on-balance sheet
instruments.


                                       22
<PAGE>

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as
there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments
generally have fixed-expiration dates or other termination clauses and may
require payment of a fee. Since certain commitments expire without being drawn
upon, the total committed amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's credit worthiness on a
case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary
by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit
evaluation of the counter party.

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk
involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved
in extending loans to customers.

The following is a summary of the Company's contractual obligations, including
certain on-balance sheet obligations, at December 31, 2003 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Payments Due by Period
                                                ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  Less                                       More
                                                                 Than 1          1-3            3-5         Than 5
Contractual Obligations                           Total           Year          Years          Years         Years
                                                  -----           ----          -----          -----         -----
<S>                                             <C>              <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
FHLB advances - assumed final maturity          $133,000         25,000         74,000        15,000        19,000
Time deposit maturities                          485,945        281,603        133,083        71,259            --
Junior subordinated debentures - assumed
   final maturity                                  5,155             --             --            --         5,155
Other borrowings                                  17,786         17,786             --            --            --
Operating leases                                     441             66            141           153            81
Loan commitments                                  12,710         12,710             --            --            --
Standby letters of credit                          3,382          3,382             --            --            --
Undisbursed construction and line of
     credit loans                                100,051        100,051             --            --            --
                                                --------        -------        -------        ------        ------

Total                                           $758,470        440,598        207,224        86,412        24,236
                                                ========        =======        =======        ======        ======
</TABLE>

Subsidiary Activities

The Bank has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Lake County Service Corporation
("LCSC"), originally formed to develop a 100-lot subdivision. LCSC sold the last
remaining lots of that project during 2001. During the second quarter of 2001,
the Bank introduced an Investment Services Program through a joint venture with
an independent securities broker-dealer firm. Through this program, mutual
funds, annuities, discount brokerage and financial planing services are offered
to bank customers. Certain of those products are offered through LCSC, which
received monthly fees on sales made through this program. During 2003 and 2002,
the Bank and LCSC recognized fees of $244,000 and $295,000 and expenses of
$190,000 and $227,000, respectively from this program.

During 2001, First Alliance was formed to facilitate the sale of title
insurance. During 2003 and 2002, this subsidiary recognized fees of $67,000 and
$26,000 and expenses of $21,000 and $12,000, respectively. In the third quarter
of 2003, the Board approved discontinuing the sale of title insurance and making
this subsidiary inactive except for real estate purchases by the Company.

Personnel

As of February 13, 2004, the Bank had 251 full-time employees and 11 part-time
employees. The employees are not represented by a collective bargaining unit and
the Bank considers its relationship with its employees to be good.


                                       23
<PAGE>

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION

General

As a savings and loan holding company, the Company is required by federal law to
file reports with, and otherwise comply with, the rules and regulations of the
OTS. The Bank is subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by
the OTS, as its primary federal regulator, and the FDIC, as the deposit insurer.
The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System and, with respect to
deposit insurance, of the Savings Association Insurance Fund ("SAIF") managed by
the FDIC. The Bank must file reports with the OTS and the FDIC concerning its
activities and financial condition in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals
prior to entering into certain transactions such as mergers with, or
acquisitions of, other savings institutions. The OTS and/or the FDIC conduct
periodic examinations to test the Bank's safety and soundness and compliance
with various regulatory requirements. This regulation and supervision
establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can
engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and
depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities
extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement
activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the
classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves
for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulatory requirements and
policies, whether by the OTS, the FDIC or the Congress, could have a material
adverse impact on the Company, the Bank and their operations. Certain of the
regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank and to the Company are referred
to below or elsewhere herein. The description of statutory provisions and
regulations applicable to savings institutions and their holding companies set
forth in this Form 10-K does not purport to be a complete description of such
statutes and regulations and their effects on the Bank and the Company.

Holding Company Regulation

The Company is a nondiversified unitary savings and loan holding company within
the meaning of federal law. Under prior law, a unitary savings and loan holding
company, such as the Company was not generally restricted as to the types of
business activities in which it may engage, provided that the Bank continued to
be a qualified thrift lender. See "Federal Savings Institution Regulation - QTL
Test." The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 provides that no company may acquire
control of a savings association after May 4, 1999 unless it engages only in the
financial activities permitted for financial holding companies under the law or
for multiple savings and loan holding companies as described below. Further, the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act specifies that existing savings and loan holding
companies may only engage in such activities. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act,
however, grandfathered the unrestricted authority for activities with respect to
unitary savings and loan holding companies existing prior to May 4, 1999, such
as the Company, so long as the Bank continues to comply with the QTL Test. Upon
any non-supervisory acquisition by the Company of another savings institution or
Bank that meets the qualified thrift lender test and is deemed to be a savings
institution by the OTS, the Company would become a multiple savings and loan
holding company (if the acquired institution is held as a separate subsidiary)
and would generally be limited to activities permissible for bank holding
companies under Section 4(c)(8) of the Bank Holding Company Act, subject to the
prior approval of the OTS, and certain activities authorized by OTS regulation.

A savings and loan holding company is prohibited from, directly or indirectly,
acquiring more than 5% of the voting stock of another savings institution or
savings and loan holding company, without prior written approval of the OTS and
from acquiring or retaining control of a depository institution that is not
insured by the FDIC. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire
savings institutions, the OTS considers the financial and managerial resources
and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the
acquisition on the risk to the deposit insurance funds, the convenience and
needs of the community and competitive factors.

The OTS may not approve any acquisition that would result in a multiple savings
and loan holding company controlling savings institutions in more than one
state, subject to two exceptions: (i) the approval of interstate supervisory
acquisitions by savings and loan holding companies and (ii) the acquisition of a
savings institution in another state if the laws of the state of the target
savings institution specifically permit such acquisitions. The states vary in
the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company
acquisitions.


                                       24
<PAGE>

Although savings and loan holding companies are not subject to specific capital
requirements or specific restrictions on the payment of dividends or other
capital distributions, federal regulations do prescribe such restrictions on
subsidiary savings institutions as described below. The Bank must notify the OTS
30 days before declaring any dividend to the Company. In addition, the financial
impact of a holding company on its subsidiary institution is a matter that is
evaluated by the OTS and the agency has authority to order cessation of
activities or divestiture of subsidiaries deemed to pose a threat to the safety
and soundness of the institution.

Acquisition of the Company. Under the Federal Change in Bank Control Act, a
notice has been submitted to the OTS if any person (including a company) or
group acting in concert, wants to acquire "control" of a savings and loan
holding company. Under certain circumstances, change in control may occur, and
prior notice is required, upon the acquisition of 10% or more the Company's
outstanding voting stock, unless the OTS has found that the acquisition will not
result in a change of control of the Company. Under the Change in Bank Control
Act, the OTS has 60 days from the filing of a complete notice to act, taking
into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial
resources of the acquirer and the anti-trust effects of the acquisition. Any
company that acquires control would then be subject to regulation as a borrowing
and loan holding company.

Federal Savings Institution Regulation

Business Activities. The activities of federal savings institutions are governed
by federal law and regulations. These laws and regulations delineate the nature
and extent of the activities in which federal associations may engage. In
particular, many types of lending authority for federal association, e.g.,
commercial, non-residential real property loans and consumer loans, are limited
to a specified percentage of the institution's capital or assets.

Capital Requirements. The OTS capital regulations require savings institutions
to meet three minimum capital standards: a 1.5% tangible capital ratio, a 4%
leverage ratio (3% for institutions receiving the highest rating on the CAMELS
rating system) and an 8% risk-based capital ratio. In addition, the prompt
corrective action standards discussed below also establish, in effect, a minimum
2% tangible capital standard, a 4% leverage ratio (3% for institutions receiving
the highest rating on the CAMELS rating system), and, together with the
risk-based capital standard itself, a 4% Tier 1 risk-based capital standard. The
OTS regulations also require that, in meeting the tangible, leverage and
risk-based capital standards, institutions must generally deduct investments in
and loans to subsidiaries engaged in activities as principal that are not
permissible for a national bank.

The risk-based capital standard for savings institutions requires the
maintenance of Tier 1 (core) and total capital (which is defined as core capital
and supplementary capital) to risk-weighted assets of at least 4% and 8%,
respectively. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets, all assets,
including certain off-balance sheet assets, are multiplied by a risk-weight
factor of 0% to 100%, assigned by the OTS capital regulation based on the risks
believed inherent in the type of asset. Core (Tier 1) capital is defined as
common stockholders' equity (including retained earnings), certain noncumulative
perpetual preferred stock and related surplus, and minority interests in equity
accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less intangibles other than certain
mortgage servicing rights and credit card relationships.

The components of supplementary capital currently include cumulative preferred
stock, long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities,
subordinated debt and intermediate preferred stock, the allowance for loan and
lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets and up to 45%
of unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily
determinable fair market values. Overall, the amount of supplementary capital
included as part of total capital cannot exceed 100% of core capital.


                                       25
<PAGE>

The OTS has the authority to establish minimum capital requirements in
appropriate cases upon a determination that an institution's capital level is or
may become inadequate in light of the particular circumstances. For the present
time, the OTS has deferred implementation of the interest rate risk capital
charge. At December 31, 2003, the Bank met each of its capital requirements.

The following table presents the Bank's capital position at December 31, 2003.

                                                                Capital Ratios
                                                                --------------
                     Actual       Required      Excess       Actual     Required
                     Capital      Capital       Amount       Percent     Percent
                     -------      -------       ------       -------     -------
                                           ($ in thousands)

Tangible            $ 78,482       14,217       64,265         8.28%       1.50%
Core (Leverage)     $ 78,482       28,435       50,047         8.28        3.00
Risk-based          $ 83,908       50,961       32,946        13.17        8.00

Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. The OTS is required to take certain
supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions, the severity of which
depends upon the institution's degree of undercapitalization. Generally, a
savings institution that has a ratio of total capital to risk weighted assets of
less than 8%, a ratio of Tier 1 (core) capital to risk-weighted assets of less
than 4% or a ratio of core capital to total assets of less than 4% (3% or less
for institutions with the highest examination rating) is considered to be
"undercapitalized." A savings institution that has a total risk-based capital
ratio less than 6%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of less than 3% or a leverage ratio
that is less than 3% is considered to be "significantly undercapitalized" and a
savings institution that has a tangible capital to assets ratio equal to or less
than 2% is deemed to be "critically undercapitalized." Subject to a narrow
exception, the OTS is required to appoint a receiver or conservator for an
institution that is "critically undercapitalized." The regulation also provides
that a capital restoration plan must be filed with the OTS within 45 days of the
date a savings institution receives notice that it is "undercapitalized,"
"significantly undercapitalized" or "critically undercapitalized." Compliance
with the plan must be guaranteed by any parent holding company. In addition,
numerous mandatory supervisory actions become immediately applicable to an
undercapitalized institution, including, but not limited to, increased
monitoring by regulators and restrictions on growth, capital distributions and
expansion. The OTS could also take any one of a number of discretionary
supervisory actions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the
replacement of senior executive officers and directors.

Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The Bank is a member of the SAIF. The FDIC
maintains a risk-based assessment system by which institutions are assigned to
one of three categories based on their capitalization and one of three
subcategories based on examination ratings and other supervisory information. An
institution's assessment rate depends upon the categories to which it is
assigned. Assessment rates for SAIF member institutions are determined
semiannually by the FDIC and currently range from zero basis points for the
healthiest institutions to 27 basis points for the riskiest.

In addition to the assessment for deposit insurance, institutions are required
to make payments on bonds issued in the late 1980s by the Financing Corporation
("FICO") to recapitalize the predecessor to the SAIF. By law, there has been
equal sharing of FICO payments between SAIF and BIF members since January 1,
2000.

The Bank did not pay an assessment for deposit insurance in 2003, however, its
payments toward the FICO bonds amounted to approximately $108,000. The FDIC has
authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in SAIF
insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses
and results of operations of the Bank. Management cannot predict what insurance


                                       26
<PAGE>

assessment rates will be in the future.

Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the
institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or
unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law,
regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or the OTS. The
management of the Bank does not know of any practice, condition or violation
that might lead to termination of deposit insurance.

Loans to One Borrower. Federal law provides that savings institutions are
generally subject to the limits on loans to one borrower applicable to national
banks. A savings institution may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or
related group of borrowers in excess of 15% of its unimpaired capital and
surplus. An additional amount may be lent, equal to 10% of unimpaired capital
and surplus, if secured by specified readily-marketable collateral. At December
31, 2003, the Bank's limit on loans to one borrower was $12.6 million and the
Bank's largest aggregate outstanding loans and extensions of credit to one
borrower was $11.4 million.

QTL Test. The HOLA requires savings institutions to meet a qualified thrift
lender test. Under the test, a savings association is required to either qualify
as a "domestic building and loan association" under the Internal Revenue Code or
maintain at least 65% of its "portfolio assets" (total assets less: (i)
specified liquid assets up to 20% of total assets; (ii) intangibles, including
goodwill; and (iii) the value of property used to conduct business) in certain
"qualified thrift investments" (primarily residential mortgages and related
investments, including certain mortgage-backed securities) in at least 9 months
out of each 12 month period.

A savings institution that fails the qualified thrift lender test is subject to
certain operating restrictions and may be required to convert to a bank charter.
As of December 31, 2003, the Bank maintained 75% of its portfolio assets in
qualified thrift investments and, therefore, met the qualified thrift lender
test. Recent legislation has expanded the extent to which education loans,
credit card loans and small business loans may be considered "qualified thrift
investments."

Limitation on Capital Distributions. OTS regulations impose limitations upon all
capital distributions by a savings institution, including cash dividends,
payments to repurchase its shares and payments to shareholders of another
institution in a cash-out merger. Under current regulations, an application to
and the prior approval of the OTS is required prior to any capital distribution
if the institution does not meet the criteria for "expedited treatment" of
applications under OTS regulations (i.e., generally, examination ratings in the
two top categories), the total capital distributions for the calendar year
exceed net income for that year plus the amount of retained net income for the
preceding two years, the institution would be undercapitalized following the
distribution or the distribution would otherwise be contrary to a statute,
regulation or agreement with OTS. If an application is not required, the
institution must still provide prior notice to OTS of the capital distribution
if, like the Bank, it is a subsidiary of a holding company. In the event the
Bank's capital fell below its regulatory requirements or the OTS notified it
that it was in need of more than normal supervision, the Bank's ability to make
capital distributions could be restricted. In addition, the OTS could prohibit a
proposed capital distribution by any institution, which would otherwise be
permitted by the regulation, if the OTS determines that such distribution would
constitute an unsafe or unsound practice.

Assessments. Savings institutions are required to pay assessments to the OTS to
fund the agency's operations. The general assessments, paid on a semi-annual
basis, are computed upon the savings institution's total assets, including
consolidated subsidiaries, as reported in the Bank's latest quarterly thrift
financial report. The Bank was assessed approximately $184,000 for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2003.


                                       27
<PAGE>

Transactions with Related Parties. The Bank's authority to engage in
transactions with "affiliates" (e.g., any company that controls or is under
common control with an institution, including the Company and its non-savings
institution subsidiaries) is limited by federal law. The aggregate amount of
covered transactions with any individual affiliate is limited to 10% of the
capital and surplus of the savings institution. The aggregate amount of covered
transactions with all affiliates is limited to 20% of the savings institution's
capital and surplus. Certain transactions with affiliates are required to be
secured by collateral in an amount and of a type described in federal law. The
purchase of low quality assets from affiliates is generally prohibited. The
transactions with affiliates must be on terms and under circumstances, that are
at least as favorable to the institution as those prevailing at the time for
comparable transactions with non-affiliated companies. In addition, savings
institutions are prohibited from lending to any affiliate that is engaged in
activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and no savings
institution may purchase the securities of any affiliate other than a
subsidiary.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 generally prohibits loans by the Company to its
executive officers and directors. However, that Act contains a specific
exception for loans by the Bank to its executive officers and directors in
compliance with federal banking laws. The Bank's authority to extend credit to
executive officers, directors and 10% shareholders ("insiders"), as well as
entities such persons control, is also governed by federal law. Such loans are
required to be made on terms substantially the same as those offered to
unaffiliated individuals and not involve more than the normal risk of repayment.
There is an exception for loans made pursuant to a benefit or compensation
program that is widely available to all employees of the institution and does
not give preference to insiders over other employees.

Enforcement. The OTS has primary enforcement responsibility over savings
institutions and has the authority to bring actions against the institution and
all institution-affiliated parties, including stockholders, and any attorneys,
appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful
action likely to have an adverse effect on an insured institution. Formal
enforcement action may range from the issuance of a capital directive or cease
and desist order to removal of officers and/or directors to institution of
receivership, conservatorship or termination of deposit insurance. Civil
penalties cover a wide range of violations and can amount to $25,000 per day, or
even $1 million per day in especially egregious cases. The FDIC has the
authority to recommend to the Director of the OTS that enforcement action to be
taken with respect to a particular savings institution. If action is not taken
by the Director, the FDIC has authority to take such action under certain
circumstances. Federal law also establishes criminal penalties for certain
violations.

Standards for Safety and Soundness. The federal banking agencies have adopted
Interagency Guidelines prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness. The
guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking
agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions
before capital becomes impaired. If the OTS determines that a savings
institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the OTS may
require the institution to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with
the standard.


                                       28
<PAGE>

Federal Home Loan Bank System

The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") System, which
consists of 12 regional FHLBs. The FHLB provides a central credit facility
primarily for member institutions. In order to borrow from the FHLB, the Bank is
required to purchase shares of the FHLB's nonmarketable equity securities at
par. The Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to acquire and hold shares
of capital stock in that FHLB in an amount at least equal to 1.0% of the
aggregate principal amount of its unpaid residential mortgage loans and similar
obligations at the beginning of each year, or 1/20 of its advances (borrowings)
from the FHLB, whichever is greater. The Bank was in compliance with this
requirement with an investment in FHLB stock at December 31, 2003 of $6.9
million. For the year ended December 31, 2003, the dividend yield on FHLB stock
was 3.94%.

The FHLBs are required to provide funds for the resolution of insolvent thrifts
in the late 1980s and to contribute funds for affordable housing programs. These
requirements could reduce the amount of dividends that the FHLBs pay to their
members and could also result in the FHLBs imposing a higher rate of interest on
advances to their members. If dividends were reduced, or interest on future FHLB
advances increased, the Bank's net interest income would likely also be reduced.
Recent legislation has changed the structure of the FHLBs funding obligations
for insolvent thrifts, revised the capital structure of the FHLBs and
implemented entirely voluntary membership for FHLBs. Management cannot predict
the effect that these changes may have with respect to its FHLB membership.

Federal Reserve System

The Federal Reserve Board regulations require savings institutions to maintain
non-interest earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily NOW
and regular checking accounts). The regulations generally provide that reserves
be maintained against aggregate transaction accounts as follows: for accounts
aggregating $42.1 million or less (subject to adjustment by the Federal Reserve
Board) the reserve requirement is 3%; and for accounts aggregating greater than
$42.1 million, the reserve requirement is $1.083 million plus 10% (subject to
adjustment by the Federal Reserve Board between 8% and 14%) against that portion
of total transaction accounts in excess of $42.1 million. The first $6.0 million
of otherwise reservable balances (subject to adjustments by the Federal Reserve
Board) are exempted from the reserve requirements. At December 31, 2003, the
Bank complied with the foregoing requirements.

Community Reinvestment Act

Under the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"), as implemented by OTS regulations,
a savings association has a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent
with its safe and sound operation to help meet the credit needs of its entire
community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not
establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions
nor does it limit an institution's discretion to develop the types of products
and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community,
consistent with the CRA. The CRA requires the OTS, in connection with its
examination of an institution, to assess the institution's record of meeting the
credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its
evaluation of applications by such institution. The CRA requires public
disclosure of an institution's CRA rating. The latest CRA rating of the Bank
received from the OTS was "Satisfactory."


                                       29
<PAGE>

Federal and State Taxation

General. The Company and the Bank report their income on a consolidated basis
using the accrual method of accounting, and are subject to federal income
taxation in the same manner as other corporations with some exceptions,
including particularly the Bank's reserve for bad debts discussed below. The
following discussion of tax matters is intended only as a summary and does not
purport to be a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to the
Bank or the Company. The Bank was last audited by the IRS for the year ended
December 31, 1996. For its 2003 taxable year, the Bank is subject to a maximum
federal income tax rate of 35%.

Bad Debt Reserves. For fiscal years beginning prior to December 31, 1995, thrift
institutions which qualified under certain definitional tests and other
conditions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") were permitted to
use certain favorable provisions to calculate their deductions from taxable
income for annual additions to their bad debt reserve. A reserve could be
established for bad debts on qualifying real property loans (generally secured
by interests in real property improved or to be improved) under (i) the
Percentage of Taxable Income Method (the "PTI Method") or (ii) the Experience
Method. The reserve for nonqualifying loans was computed using the Experience
Method.

The Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996 (the "1996 Act"), which was
enacted on August 20, 1996, requires savings institutions to recapture (i.e.,
take into income) certain portions of their accumulated bad debt reserves. The
1996 Act repeals the reserve method of accounting for bad debts effective for
tax years beginning after 1995. Thrift institutions that would be treated as
small banks are allowed to utilize the Experience Method applicable to such
institutions, while thrift institutions that are treated as large banks (those
generally exceeding $500 million in assets) are required to use only the
specific charge-off method. Thus, the PTI Method of accounting for bad debts is
no longer available for any financial institution.

A thrift institution required to change its method of computing reserves for bad
debts will treat such change as a change in method of accounting, initiated by
the taxpayer, and having been made with the consent of the IRS. Any Section
481(a) adjustment required to be taken into income with respect to such change
generally will be taken into income ratably over a six-taxable year period,
beginning with the first taxable year beginning after 1995, subject to the
residential loan requirement.

Under the residential loan requirement provision, the recapture required by the
1996 Act is suspended for each of two successive taxable years, beginning with
1996, in which the Bank originates a minimum of certain residential loans based
upon the average of the principal amounts of such loans made by the Bank during
its six taxable years preceding its current taxable year. Under the 1996 Act,
for its current and future taxable years, the Bank is permitted to make
additions to its tax bad debt reserves. In addition, the Bank is required to
recapture (i.e., take into income) over a six year period the excess of the
balance of its tax bad debt reserves as of December 31, 1995 over the balance of
such reserves as of December 31, 1987. At December 31, 2003, the Bank had
recaptured all of its bad debt reserves.

Distributions. Under the 1996 Act, if the Bank makes "non-dividend
distributions" to the Company, such distributions will be considered to have
been made from the Bank's unrecaptured tax bad debt reserves (including the
balance of its reserves as of December 31, 1987) to the extent thereof, and then
from the Bank's supplemental reserve for losses on loans, to the extent thereof,
and an amount based on the amount distributed (but not in excess of the amount
of such reserves) will be included in the Bank's income. Non-dividend
distributions include distributions in excess of the Bank's current and
accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for federal income tax purposes,
distributions in redemption of stock, and distributions in partial or complete
liquidation. Dividends paid out of the Bank's current or accumulated earnings
and profits will not be so included in the Bank's income.


                                       30
<PAGE>

The amount of additional taxable income triggered by a non-dividend is an amount
that, when reduced by the tax attributable to the income, is equal to the amount
of the distribution. Thus, if the Bank makes a non-dividend distribution to the
Company, approximately one and one-half times the amount of such distribution
(but not in excess of the amount of such reserves) would be includable in income
for federal income tax purposes, assuming a 35% federal corporate income tax
rate. The Bank does not intend to pay dividends that would result in a recapture
of any portion of its bad debt reserves.

Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax. The Code imposes a tax on alternative minimum
taxable income ("AMTI") at a rate of 20%. For fiscal years beginning prior to
January 1, 1996, the excess of the bad debt reserve deduction using the
percentage of taxable income method over the deduction that would have been
allowable under the experience method is treated as a preference item for
purposes of computing the AMTI. Only 90% of AMTI can be offset by net operating
loss carryovers. The adjustment to AMTI based on book income is an amount equal
to 75% of the amount by which a corporation's adjusted current earnings exceeds
its AMTI (determined without regard to this adjustment and prior to reduction
for net operating losses). In addition, for taxable years through 1995, an
environmental tax of .12% of the excess of AMTI (with certain modifications)
over $2.0 million is imposed on corporations, including the Bank, whether or not
an Alternative Minimum Tax ("AMT") is paid. The Bank does not expect to be
subject to the AMT.

Dividends Received Deduction and Other Matters. The Company may exclude from its
income 100% of dividends received from the Bank as a member of the same
affiliated group of corporations. The corporate dividends received deduction is
generally 70% in the case of dividends received from unaffiliated corporations
with which the Company and the Bank will not file a consolidated tax return,
except that if the Company and the Bank own more than 20% of the stock of a
corporation distributing a dividend, 80% of any dividends received may be
deducted.

Florida Taxation. The Bank files Florida franchise tax returns. For Florida
franchise tax purposes, savings institutions are presently taxed at a rate equal
to 5.5% of taxable income. For this purpose, "taxable income" generally means
federal taxable income, subject to certain adjustments (including the addition
of interest income on State and municipal obligations). The Bank is not
currently under audit with respect to its Florida franchise tax returns.


                                       31
<PAGE>

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

The Bank conducts its business through its main office and 14 branch offices.
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Bank's office
properties:

                                                          Net Book Value of Land
                                           Date             and Buildings at
Location                                  Acquired           December 31, 2003
                                          --------           -----------------
                                                              (In thousands)
Main Office
800 North Boulevard, West
Leesburg, Florida  34748-5053                1961                $ 2,104

Wildwood
837 South Main Street
Wildwood, Florida  34785-5302                1967                    287

Main Street
1409 West Main Street
Leesburg, Florida  34748-4854                1972                    303

Clermont
481 East Highway 50
Clermont, Florida  34711-4032                1982                    583

Eustis
2901 South Bay Street
Eustis, Florida  32726-6551                  1979                    450

Fruitland Park
410 Palm Street
Fruitland Park, Florida  34731-4013          1983                    673

Lady Lake
431 US Highway 441/27
Lady Lake, Florida  32159-3046               1995                  1,093

Lake Square
32612 Vista Avenue
Leesburg, Florida  34788-3952                2002                  1,270

South Leesburg
27417 U.S. Highway 27
Leesburg, Florida  34748                     1996                  1,231

Inverness
2709 East Gulf to Lake Highway
Inverness, Florida 34453-3245                1998                    804

Citrus Ridge
16550 Woodcrest Way
Clermont, Florida 34711-7004                 1998                    940

                                                                     (continued)


                                       32
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Net Book Value of Land
                                                        Date           and Buildings at
Location                                               Acquired         December 31, 2003
                                                       --------         -----------------
                                                                         (In thousands)
<S>                                                       <C>             <C>
Bushnell (1)
1128 North Main Street
Bushnell, Florida 33513                                   1998            $      69

Administration
715 West Oak Terrace Drive
Leesburg, Florida  34748                                  1961                1,756

Boulevard (2)
900 North Boulevard West
Leesburg, Florida  34748                                  2000                  295

Retail Banking and Human Resource Offices
800 North Lee Street
Leesburg, Florida  34748                                  2001                  294

Kings Ridge
4299 South Highway 27
Clermont, Florida  34711                                  2001                1,518

Spruce Creek
17801 SE 109th Avenue
Summerfield, Florida  34491                               2002                1,986

Villages 466 (3)
3340 Wedgewood Lane
The Villages, Florida  32162                              2003                  296

Crystal River
180 North Sun Coast Boulevard
Crystal River, Florida  34429                             2003                1,838

Old Lake Square (4)
10105 U.S. Highway 441
Leesburg, Florida  34788                                  1995                  384

Office Park  (Accounting, Checking and Data Offices)
341 West Oak Terrace Drive (Building 100)
321 West Oak Terrace Drive (Building 200)
Leesburg, Florida  34748                                  2002                1,206
</TABLE>

(1)   Leased branch office opened May, 1999.

(2)   Storage facility owned by the Bank.

(3)   Branch under construction.

(4)   Unused branch office.

The Bank owns and operates personal computers, teller terminals and associated
equipment. At December 31, 2003, such equipment had a net book value of
$1,484,000. The Bank also had $131,000 in construction in process at December
31, 2003.


                                       33
<PAGE>

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There are no material pending legal proceedings to which FFLC Bancorp, Inc., or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

No matters were submitted to a vote of the stockholders during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, through the solicitation of
proxies or otherwise.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The above-captioned information appears under "Common Stock Prices and
Dividends" in the Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Stockholders and is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The above-captioned information appears under "Selected Consolidated Financial
Data" on page 8 and 9 of the Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Stockholders and
is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

The above-captioned information appears under "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Registrant's
2003 Annual Report to Stockholders on pages 10 through 20 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The above-captioned information appears under "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Registrant's
2003 Annual Report to Stockholders on page 15, under the "Quantitative and
Qualitative disclosure about Market Risk" caption and is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Consolidated Financial Statements of FFLC Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary,
together with the report thereon by Hacker, Johnson & Smith PA appear in the
Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Stockholders on pages 21 through 53 and are
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

There have been no disagreements with the Registrant's accountants on any
matters of accounting principles or practices or financial statement
disclosures.


                                       34
<PAGE>

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

      a.    Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. The Company
            maintains controls and procedures designed to ensure that
            information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company
            files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is
            recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
            specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange
            Commission. Based upon their evaluation of those controls and
            procedures performed within the period, the chief executive and
            chief financial officers of the Company concluded that the Company's
            disclosure controls and procedures were adequate.

      b.    Changes in internal controls. The Company made no significant
            changes in its internal controls or in other factors that could
            significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of the
            evaluation of those controls by the Chief Executive and Chief
            Financial officers.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

The information related to Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant is
incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2004 at pages 6 through 9.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information relating to executive compensation is incorporated herein by
reference to the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2004 at pages 12 and 13.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and
management is incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant's Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2004 at
pages 5 through 7.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information relating to certain relationships and related transactions is
incorporated herein by reference to pages 14 and 15 of the Registrant's Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2004.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information relating to principal accountant fees and services is
incorporated herein by reference to page 18 of the Registrant's Proxy Statement
for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2004.


                                       35
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

(a)   The following documents are filed as a part of this report:

      (1) Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are incorporated by
      reference from the following indicated pages of the 2003 Annual Report to
      Stockholders.

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

     Independent Auditors' Report                                             54

     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2003 and 2002             21

     Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended
          December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                                    22

     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the
          Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                     23-25

     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
          Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                           26-27

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years
          Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                           28-53


                                       36
<PAGE>

      The remaining information appearing in the Annual Report to Stockholders
      is not deemed to be filed as part of this report, except as expressly
      provided herein.

      (2) All schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable,
      or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial
      statements or the notes thereto.

      (3)   Exhibits

            (a)   The following exhibits are filed as part of this report.

                  3.1   Certificate of Incorporation of FFLC Bancorp, Inc.*

                  3.2   Bylaws of FFLC Bancorp, Inc.***

                  4.0   Stock Certificate of FFLC Bancorp, Inc.*

                  10.1  First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County Recognition
                        and Retention Plan**

                  10.2  First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County Recognition
                        and Retention Plan for Outside Directors**

                  10.3  FFLC Bancorp, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Plans for
                        Officers and Employees**

                  10.4  FFLC Bancorp, Inc. Stock Option Plan for Outside
                        Directors**

                  13.0  Annual Report to Stockholders (filed herewith)

                  31.1  Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by
                        Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act

                  31.2  Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by
                        Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act

                  32.1  Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to
                        18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
                        906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

                  32.2  Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18
                        U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
                        of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

                  99    Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting (filed herewith)

*     Incorporated herein by reference into this document from the Exhibits to
      Form S-1, Registration Statement, initially filed on September 27, 1993,
      Registration No. 33-69466.

**    Incorporated herein by reference into this document from the Proxy
      Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 12, 1994.

***   Incorporated herein by reference into this document from the September 30,
      1999 Form 10-Q, filed November 3, 1999.

      (b)   Reports on Form 8-K.

            On October 10, 2003, the Company filed a Form 8-K to disclose that
            the Company had issued a press release to announce the Company's
            third quarter earnings and declaration of a dividend.


                                       37
<PAGE>

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       FFLC BANCORP, INC.


                                       By: /s/ Stephen T. Kurtz
                                           ------------------------
                                       Stephen T. Kurtz
                                       Chief Executive Officer and President

                                       Dated: March 11, 2004

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name                            Title                                       Date
- ----                            -----                                       ----
<S>                             <C>                                    <C>
/s/ Claron D. Wagner            Chairman of the Board                  March 11, 2004
- --------------------
Claron D. Wagner

/s/ James P. Logan              Vice Chairman of the Board             March 11, 2004
- ------------------
James P. Logan

/s/ Joseph J. Junod             Director                               March 11, 2004
- -------------------
Joseph J. Junod

/s/ Ted R. Ostrander, Jr.       Director                               March 11, 2004
- -------------------------
Ted R. Ostrander

/s/ H.D. Robuck, Jr.            Director                               March 11, 2004
- --------------------
H.D. Robuck, Jr.

/s/ Howard H. Hewitt            Director                               March 11, 2004
- --------------------
Howard H. Hewitt

/s/ Stephen T. Kurtz            Chief Executive Officer,
- --------------------            President and Director                 March 11, 2004
Stephen T. Kurtz

/s/ Paul K. Mueller             Executive Vice President, Chief
- -------------------             Operating Officer and Treasurer
Paul K. Mueller                 and Director                           March 11, 2004
</TABLE>


                                       38

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit13.txt
<TEXT>
                               FFLC BANCORP, INC.
                               2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                  OUR MISSION

Our mission is to operate First Federal Savings Bank as a community bank, in a
manner consistent with the high expectations of our shareholders, customers and
employees. We will achieve attractive financial results for our stockholders,
provide quality financial services and products to our customers, and offer
rewarding careers to our employees, while maintaining a high level of personal
service and integrity. The Company's primary goals are to: provide an attractive
return to its shareholders, as measured by long-term capital appreciation and
the continued payment of reasonable dividends; provide a competitive,
progressive and profitable array of financial services and products in a manner
focused on excellent customer service; attract and retain highly-motivated,
top-quality employees; and make a positive impact on the communities that we
serve.

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 evidences Congress'
determination that the disclosure of forward-looking information is desirable
for investors and encourages such disclosure by providing a safe harbor for
forward-looking statements by corporate management. This Annual Report,
including the Letter to Stockholders and the Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains
forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. In order to comply
with the terms of the safe harbor, the Company notes that a variety of factors
could cause the Company's actual results and experience to differ materially
from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the Company's
forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that may affect the
operations, performance, development, growth projections and results of the
Company's business include, but are not limited to, the growth of the economy,
interest rate movements, timely development by the Company of technology
enhancements for its products and operating systems, the impact of competitive
products, services and pricing, customer business requirements, Congressional
legislation and similar matters. Readers of this report are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which are subject to
influence by the named risk factors and unanticipated future events. Actual
results, accordingly, may differ materially from management expectations.

                                    CONTENTS

                                                                            Page

Corporate Profile, Corporate Organization and General Information .............1
Office Locations and Common Stock Prices and Dividends ........................2
Consolidated Financial Highlights .............................................3
Letter to Stockholders ......................................................4-5
First Federal Website and Online Banking.....................................6-7
Selected Consolidated Financial Data and Financial Ratios....................8-9
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
    Condition and Results of Operations ...................................10-20
Consolidated Financial Statements .........................................21-53
Independent Auditors' Report..................................................54
Directors and Officers of FFLC Bancorp, Inc. .................................55
Directors and Officers of First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County...........56
First Federal Employees ......................................................57

                                  Inside Cover

<PAGE>

CORPORATE PROFILE

FFLC Bancorp, Inc. ("FFLC" or the "Holding Company") was incorporated in
Delaware on September 16, 1993, and acquired First Federal Savings Bank of Lake
County (the "Bank") (together, the "Company") in connection with the Bank's
conversion to stock form on January 4, 1994. The Holding Company is a savings
and loan holding company subject to regulation by the Office of Thrift
Supervision ("OTS") which transacts its business through its subsidiary, the
Bank. The Bank is a community-oriented savings institution, chartered in 1934,
which offers a variety of financial services to individuals and businesses
primarily located in Lake County, Sumter County, Citrus County and Marion
County, Florida. The deposits of the Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") through the Savings Association Insurance Fund
("SAIF").

CORPORATE ORGANIZATION

Holding Company

      FFLC Bancorp, Inc.

Subsidiaries

      First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County
      First Alliance Title, LLC

Bank's Subsidiary

      Lake County Service Corporation

GENERAL INFORMATION

Corporate Headquarters

      800 North Boulevard West, Post Office Box 490420, Leesburg,
      Florida 34749-0420

      Telephone:    Local     (352) 787-3311
                    Toll Free (877) 955-2265
Annual Meeting

      The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders will be held at the Leesburg
      Community Building located at 109 East Dixie Avenue in Leesburg at 2:00
      p.m. on May 13, 2004.

Form 10-K

      A copy of the Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
      Commission, and the Holding Company's Code of Ethics and Business
      Conduct may be obtained by stockholders without charge upon written
      request to Sandra L. Rutschow, Vice President - Secretary, FFLC Bancorp,
      Inc., Post Office Box 490420, Leesburg, Florida 34749-0420. The Company's
      SEC filings, annual and quarterly reports and press releases are also
      available at our Website, http://www.1stfederal.com/fflc.htm., in the
      "FFLC Bancorp" section.

Stockholder Assistance

      Stockholders requiring a change of address, records or information about
      lost certificates, dividend checks or dividend reinvestment should
      contact:

      Registrar and Transfer Company
      10 Commerce Drive
      Cranford, New Jersey 07016
      800-368-5948
      Website: http://www.rtco.com

Corporate Counsel

      George W. Murphy, Jr.
      Muldoon, Murphy & Faucette LLP
      5101 Wisconsin Avenue
      Washington, D.C. 20016

Independent Auditors

      Hacker, Johnson & Smith PA
      Certified Public Accountants
      930 Woodcock Road, Suite 211
      Orlando, Florida 32803


                                       1
<PAGE>

                             FIRST FEDERAL LOGO HERE

OFFICE LOCATIONS

MAP INSERT MAP - HALF PAGE

COMMON STOCK PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

FFLC's common stock is listed on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation ("NASDAQ") under the symbol FFLC. The following table sets
forth market price information, based on closing prices, as reported by the
NASDAQ for the common stock high and low closing sales prices and the amount of
dividends paid on the common stock for the periods indicated (adjusted for the
three-for-two stock split in February 2003). See Note 22 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements for a summary of quarterly financial data.

                                                                        Cash
                                                                     Dividends
                                                                       Paid
                                                   High      Low     Per Share
                                                   ----      ---     ---------
         Quarter Ended:

         March 31, 2002........................   16.90     13.53       .09
         June 30, 2002.........................   18.90     16.53       .09
         September 30, 2002....................   19.77     17.83       .09
         December 31, 2002.....................   19.71     17.83       .09
         March 31, 2003........................   25.82     19.38       .10
         June 30, 2003.........................   28.90     18.67       .10
         September 30, 2003....................   30.95     25.08       .13
         December 31, 2003.....................   30.47     26.50       .13

As of January 31, 2004, the Company had 1,752 holders of record of common stock
(includes shares held by brokers in street name).


                                       2
<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
($ in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT YEAR END:                                                                2003                    2002                 2001
- ------------                                                                ----                    ----                 ----
<S>                                                                      <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Total assets .................................................           $  947,914               915,976               823,151
Loans, net ...................................................           $  767,987               735,338               685,935
Securities ...................................................           $   82,137                77,324                59,503
Deposits .....................................................           $  705,589               668,058               585,128
Equity .......................................................           $   77,356                71,062                64,068
Book value per share (1) .....................................           $    14.33                 13.22                 11.99
Shares outstanding (1) .......................................            5,397,154             5,374,913             5,345,898
Equity-to-assets ratio .......................................                 8.16%                 7.76%                 7.78%
Nonperforming assets to total assets .........................                  .65%                  .35%                  .28%

FOR THE YEAR:

Interest income ..............................................           $   52,840                56,533                56,485
Net interest income after provision for loan losses ..........           $   26,719                25,205                20,054
Net income ...................................................           $    9,148                 8,836                 6,289
Basic income per share (1) ...................................           $     1.70                  1.65                  1.18
Diluted income per share (1) .................................           $     1.67                  1.61                  1.15
Loan originations ............................................           $  406,510               323,728               257,862
Return on average assets .....................................                  .98%                 1.00%                  .82%
Return on average equity .....................................                12.23%                13.05%                10.20%
Average equity to average assets ratio .......................                 8.02%                 7.67%                 8.05%
Noninterest expense to average assets ........................                 1.86%                 1.68%                 1.68%
</TABLE>

YIELDS AND RATES:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Weighted Average
                                                                   Rate or Yield         Average Rate or Yield During
                                                                  at December 31,           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                 ----------------        ----------------------------
                                                                 2003        2002        2003        2002        2001
                                                                 ----        ----        ----        ----        ----
<S>                                                              <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Loans ....................................................       6.45%       7.10%       6.71%       7.28%       7.99%
Securities ...............................................       3.24%       4.45%       2.48%       3.76%       5.84%
All interest-earning assets ..............................       5.96%       6.52%       6.02%       6.73%       7.71%
Interest-bearing deposits ................................       2.22%       2.84%       2.48%       3.27%       4.95%
All interest-bearing liabilities .........................       2.70%       3.29%       2.99%       3.72%       5.15%
Interest-rate spread (2) .................................       3.26%       3.23%       3.03%       3.01%       2.56%
Net yield on average interest-earning assets (3) .........        N/A         N/A        3.22%       3.22%       2.89%
</TABLE>

(1)   Adjusted for the three-for-two stock split declared on February 14, 2003

(2)   Average yield on all interest-earning assets less average rate paid on all
      interest-bearing liabilities.

(3)   Net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.


                                       3
<PAGE>

                                    LOGO HERE

Dear Stockholders:

I am pleased to report to our stockholders that 2003 was another solidly
profitable year for your Company. In spite of a tentative economy, continued
media coverage of corporate scandals and the uncertainty in world affairs, First
Federal, your Hometown Bank, enjoyed a successful year both in terms of the
growth of the Bank and in operating earnings. During 2003, we again experienced
record net income from operations. In addition, we significantly increased the
quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. First Federal, the Company's
subsidiary, set a new record for total assets during 2003, and ended the year
with total assets in excess of $946 million. Our success results from a team
effort, and I want to take this opportunity to thank all of you - our
stockholders, our directors, our employees, our customers, and our communities -
for your efforts and support as we moved through 2003 and into 2004.

The Company's net income from operations increased 3.5%, from $8.8 million in
2002 to $9.1 million in 2003. On a diluted per share basis, net income per share
increased 3.7% from $1.61 in 2002 to $1.67 in 2003. The increase in net income
from operations was primarily due to the increase in net interest income. That
increase occurred because of a significant decrease in the cost of funds that
the Bank experienced as a result of the continued reductions in market interest
rates that began in 2001. The decrease in the cost of funds was partially offset
by a reduction in interest income on loans. In addition, the Bank experienced a
significant increase in net gain on sales of loans sold from the favorable
mortgage banking environment that existed during the first three-quarters of
2003.

In February 2003, the Board approved a 3-for-2 split of our common stock.
Stockholders received one additional share of common stock for every two shares
held as of the close of business on February 28, 2003, the record date of the
split. Because of increased profitability and the change in the Federal tax
treatment of dividends, your Board of Directors approved a 30% increase in the
quarterly cash dividend in July 2003. The quarterly dividend was increased from
$.10 per common share to $.13. That increase continues the practice of periodic
increases in the dividends paid since 1994, when the quarterly cash dividend was
$.02 per common share (adjusted for stock splits in 1997 and 2003).

It is gratifying to note that our stock price rose over 45% during 2003, from
$19.71 to $28.75. Since our initial public offering in 1994, your stock has
yielded an average annual return, including dividends, of 23.2%. We remain
convinced that our best strategy for creating long-term value to our
stockholders is to focus on profitability and excellence in customer service.

Asset growth continues to be a focal point for the Company. The Company's total
assets grew 3.5%, from $916 million at December 31, 2002 to $948 million at
December 31, 2003. During 2003, loans receivable grew 4.4%, from $735 million to
$768 million. During 2003, the Bank's loan originations totaled $406.5 million,
compared to $323.7 million in 2002. The Bank originated $191.0 million in
residential loans, $118.6 million in commercial loans and $96.7 million in
consumer loans in 2003. As reflected in our financial statements, those volume
levels, as well as the increases in our cash and investment securities, reflect
significant increases over our results from 2002. In reviewing our financial
statements, you will see that the Company's asset growth was funded primarily by
an increase in the Bank's deposits. We are particularly pleased that, during
2003, the Bank's deposits grew 5.6% with a substantial portion of that growth in
checking and other non-certificate of deposit accounts.

The Company's continued success and growth is designed to keep pace with the
growth of our communities and the increasing competition in the financial
services sector. In order to ensure that our customers have sufficient physical
locations at which to conduct banking transactions, we continue to expand our
branch structure. During 2003, we opened a branch in Crystal River, Florida, and
acquired land and began construction for another branch located in The Villages
area. We expect to open that branch in the second quarter of 2004.


                                       4
<PAGE>

As you know, more and more banking transactions are conducted electronically,
and I am very pleased to report that First Federal Online Banking, our Internet
banking solution, continues to enjoy support from both our retail and commercial
customers. We currently have over 4,485 registered users of our online banking
service, representing an increase over last year of approximately 54.7%.

If you have not had a chance to check out First Federal Online Banking, I
encourage you to visit our website, www.1stfederal.com, and click the "Test
Drive" button. I believe you will be pleased at how easily and completely you
can obtain account balances, transfer funds, pay bills, and access cash
management services (for commercial customers) on a 24-hours-a-day,
7-days-a-week basis. While you are at our website, I also encourage you to note
all the other useful information, including our loan and deposit products, links
to our press releases and financial reports, local weather, and links to some
other "local-interest" websites.

Our customers have welcomed our efforts to provide other financial services. We
have been pleased with the positive feedback and customer acceptance of the
program offering various investment products (which include mutual funds,
annuities, discount brokerage services and financial planning). The Financial
Network Investment Corporation, a securities broker-dealer firm and member of
the NASD and SIPC, offers those investment services at First Federal offices. We
began offering these services in 2001, and have been pleased with the growth in
that area. We also continue to offer trust services to our customers, provided
by the Trust Department of the First National Bank of Mount Dora, under a
referral agreement. At December 31, 2003, the market valuation of trust accounts
serviced was $42 million.

As I did last year, I want to renew our commitment to honesty and integrity. In
light of the disturbing examples of poor corporate governance so widely reported
in the national press, I want you to know of our unrelenting commitment to the
highest standards of ethics, fair and honest reporting, and sound corporate
oversight on which this Company was founded and on which we continue to operate.
We continue to carefully monitor those stories, and the resulting laws and
regulations that have been issued, and believe we are in compliance with all of
those guidelines. We appreciate the trust that you have placed in us over the
past years, and will strive to continue to be worthy of that trust. We have
recently reviewed and updated our Company's Ethics policy, and are implementing
a system by which any employee may anonymously report unethical behavior within
our company either by use of a toll-free telephone number or a dedicated
website.

Community banking very much remains a "people" business. We are blessed to have
a number of directors and staff members who have been with the Bank for many
years. Also, many new employees have joined the Bank with extensive banking
experience in our market area. It is my belief that our team is second to none
in terms of providing our customers with quality customer service.

We remain committed to increasing the long-term value of our Company. That
commitment includes meeting the investment needs of our stockholders, the
financial needs of our customers, the personal growth needs of our employees and
the needs of the communities in which we have the privilege to serve. We believe
that FFLC Bancorp, Inc., is well positioned to meet those needs, and we look
forward to the challenges of the future.

Cordially yours,


Stephen T. Kurtz
President and Chief Executive Officer


                                       5
<PAGE>

                           First Federal New Logo Here

                    Insert by Ford Press (www.1stfederal.com)

                   Insert by Ford Press (First Federal Online)

                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]

Visit First Federal's website at http://www.1stfederal.com. This site serves as
a portal for First Federal banking services, local news, and information
regarding our communities. From this site, customers can gain access to First
Federal Online Banking, our fully interactive banking system, that allows bill
payments, account inquiries, transfer of funds and more. In addition, commercial
customers can access cash management tools, make tax payments and make payroll
direct deposit payments through First Federal Online Banking. You'll also find
current information about the Bank's locations, products and services at our
website.

Investors can also get the latest information regarding FFLC, including stock
quotes, press releases, SEC filings, beneficial ownership reports, and other
supplemental data, in the "FFLC Bancorp" section of our website.

                               www.1stfederal.com


                                       6
<PAGE>

                            First Federal online logo

                               [GRAPHIC OMITTED]

First Federal introduced First Federal Online Banking in July 2000 through the
Bank's website at http://www.1stfederal.com. First Federal customers can now
access practically their entire First Federal relationship through the website,
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. From the First Federal website, customers can
view our online banking product and may enroll online. After receiving their
user ID and password, customers may log-on to check balances, pay their bills
online, reconcile their account statements, transfer funds from one account to
another, review account histories, reorder checks and more. First Federal Online
Banking is just one more added convenience to banking with First Federal.

                           First Federal new logo here


                                       7
<PAGE>

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
($ in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          At December 31,
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2003            2002          2001           2000           1999
                                                                  ----            ----          ----           ----           ----
<S>                                                           <C>               <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Total assets ............................................     $  947,914        915,976        823,151        711,493        590,432
Loans, net ..............................................        767,987        735,338        685,935        615,484        500,901
Cash and cash equivalents ...............................         62,160         69,394         49,792         30,481         34,339
Securities ..............................................         82,137         77,324         59,503         42,717         36,909
Deposits ................................................        705,589        668,058        585,128        518,885        429,274
Borrowed funds ..........................................        155,941        168,458        167,327        129,376        102,914
Stockholders' equity ....................................         77,356         71,062         64,068         59,283         55,637

<CAPTION>
                                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2003            2002          2001           2000           1999
                                                                  ----            ----          ----           ----           ----
<S>                                                           <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Interest income .........................................     $   52,840         56,533         56,485         49,128         38,383
Interest expense ........................................         24,607         29,483         35,316         30,065         21,214
Net interest income .....................................         28,233         27,050         21,169         19,063         17,169
Provision for loan losses ...............................          1,514          1,845          1,115            880            719
Net interest income after provision for loan losses .....         26,719         25,205         20,054         18,183         16,450
Noninterest income (1) ..................................          5,364          3,776          2,773          1,904          1,675
Noninterest expense .....................................         17,355         14,868         12,841         11,414         10,313
Income before income taxes (1) ..........................         14,728         14,113          9,986          8,673          7,812
Income taxes (1) ........................................          5,580          5,277          3,697          3,364          2,962
Net income (1) ..........................................          9,148          8,836          6,289          5,309          4,850
Basic income per share (1) (2) ..........................     $     1.70           1.65           1.18           1.00            .91
Weighted average number of common
      shares outstanding for basic (2) ..................      5,385,199      5,360,498      5,321,646      5,312,100      5,322,852
Diluted income per share (1) (2) ........................     $     1.67           1.61           1.15            .97            .88
Weighted average number of common shares
      outstanding for diluted (2) .......................      5,456,896      5,466,880      5,444,148      5,423,610      5,515,557
</TABLE>

- ----------

(1)   Excludes gain on sale of real estate held for development in 1999 of $886
      ($552 net of tax).

(2)   Adjusted for the three-for-two stock split declared on February 14, 2003.


                                       8
<PAGE>

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RATIOS
AND OTHER DATA:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           At or For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                    2003       2002       2001        2000        1999
                                                                    ----       ----       ----        ----        ----
<S>                                                             <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>
Return on average assets (1).................................         .98%      1.00%      0.82%      0.82%       0.93%
Return on average equity (1).................................       12.23%     13.05%     10.20%      9.24%       8.88%
Dividend payout ratio .......................................       27.18%     22.66%     29.35%     32.32%      28.95%
Average equity to average assets.............................        8.02%      7.67%      8.05%      8.88%      10.45%
Total equity to total assets.................................        8.16%      7.76%      7.78%      8.33%       9.42%
Interest rate spread during year(2)..........................        3.03%      3.01%      2.56%      2.66%       2.98%
Net interest margin (3)......................................        3.22%      3.22%      2.89%      3.08%       3.44%
Nonperforming assets to total assets (4).....................        0.65%      0.35%      0.28%      0.39%       0.47%
Nonperforming loans to total loans (5).......................        0.66%      0.34%      0.27%      0.40%       0.46%
Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans.............      103.84%    199.88%    224.20%    141.51%     119.01%
Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming assets............       89.01%    161.00%    187.62%    127.49%     101.77%
Allowance for loan losses to gross loans.....................        0.69%      0.68%      0.61%      0.56%       0.54%
Noninterest expenses to average assets.......................        1.86%      1.68%      1.68%      1.76%       1.97%
Operating efficiency ratio (1)...............................       51.66%     48.23%     53.63%     54.44%      54.73%
Average interest-earning assets to
      average interest-bearing liabilities...................        1.07       1.06       1.07       1.09        1.11
Net interest income to noninterest expenses..................        1.63       1.82       1.69       1.69        1.69
Total shares outstanding (6).................................   5,397,154  5,374,913  5,345,898  5,298,842   5,375,907
Book value per common share outstanding (6)..................     $ 14.33      13.22      11.99      11.19       10.35
Number of banking offices (all full-service).................          15         14         12         12          12
</TABLE>

- ----------

(1)   Excludes gain on sale of real estate held for development in 1999 of
      $886,000 ($552,000 net of tax).

(2)   Difference between weighted average yield on all interest-earning assets
      and weighted average rate on all interest-bearing liabilities.

(3)   Based upon net interest income before provision for loan losses divided by
      average interest-earning assets.

(4)   Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and foreclosed assets.

(5)   Nonperforming loans consist of loans 90 days or more delinquent.

(6)   Adjusted for the three-for-two stock split declared on February 14, 2003.


                                       9
<PAGE>

           MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                            AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

GENERAL

First Federal Savings Bank of Lake County, the subsidiary of FFLC, was organized
in 1934 as a federally chartered savings and loan association and converted to a
federally chartered stock savings bank on January 4, 1994. The Bank's principal
business continues to be attracting retail deposits from the general public and
investing those deposits, together with principal repayments on loans and
investments and funds generated from operations, primarily in mortgage loans
secured by one-to-four-family, owner-occupied homes, commercial loans, consumer
loans and, to a lesser extent, construction loans and other loans, and
multi-family residential mortgage loans. In addition, the Bank holds investments
permitted by federal laws and regulations including securities issued by the
U.S. Government and agencies thereof. The Bank's revenues are derived
principally from interest on its loan and mortgage-backed securities portfolios
and interest and dividends on its investment securities.

The Bank is a community-oriented savings institution offering a variety of
financial services to meet the needs of the communities it serves. The Bank's
deposit gathering and lending markets are primarily concentrated in the
communities surrounding its full service offices located in Lake, Sumter, Citrus
and Marion counties in central Florida. Management believes that its offices are
located in communities that generally can be characterized as rural service and
retirement communities with residential neighborhoods comprised predominately of
one-to-four-family residences. The Bank is the largest (by asset size)
locally-based financial institution in Lake County, and serves its market area
with a wide selection of residential mortgage loans and other retail financial
services. Management considers the Bank's reputation for financial strength and
customer service as a major advantage in attracting and retaining customers in
its market area and believes it benefits from its community orientation as well
as its established deposit base and level of core deposits.

The Company's net income from operations increased 3.5% to $9.1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2003 from $8.8 million for the year 2002. The Company's
total assets increased 3.5% to $947.9 million at December 31, 2003 from $916.0
million at December 31, 2002. That increase resulted primarily from a 4.4%
increase in net loans to $768.0 million at December 31, 2003 from $735.3 million
at December 31, 2002, reflecting increased local loan demand. Securities
increased 6.2% or $4.8 million during 2003. Deposits increased 5.6% to $705.6
million at December 31, 2003 from $668.1 million at December 31, 2002. Advances
from the Federal Home Loan Bank decreased $16.0 million, to $133.0 million at
December 31, 2003 from $149.0 million at December 31, 2002.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to accounting
measurements and estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. When
applying accounting policies in areas that are subjective in nature, we use our
best judgment to arrive at the carrying value of certain assets. The most
critical accounting policy we applied is related to the valuation of the loan
portfolio.

A variety of factors impact the carrying value of the loan portfolio including
the calculation of the allowance for loan losses, the valuation of underlying
collateral, the timing of loan charge-offs and the amount and amortization of
loan fees and deferred origination costs.

We believe that the determination of the allowance for loan losses represents a
critical accounting policy. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a
level management considers to be adequate to absorb probable loan losses
inherent in the portfolio, based on evaluations of the collectibility and
historical loss experience of loans. Credit losses are charged and recoveries
are credited to the allowance. Provisions for loan losses are based on our
review of the historical loan loss experience and such factors which, in
management's judgment, deserve consideration under existing economic conditions
in estimating probable credit losses. The allowance is based on ongoing
assessments of the probable estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Our
methodology for assessing the appropriate allowance level consists of several
key elements described below.


                                       10
<PAGE>

Larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses are
subject to individual review. Where appropriate, reserves are allocated to
individual loans based on our estimate of the borrower's ability to repay the
loan given the availability of collateral, other sources of cash flows, and
available legal options. Included in the review of individual loans are those
that are impaired as provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan" as amended. Any specific
reserves for impaired loans are measured based on the fair market value of the
underlying collateral. We evaluate the collectibility of both principal and
interest when assessing the need for a special reserve. Historical loss rates
are applied to other commercial loans not subject to specific reserve
allocations.

Homogenous loans, such as installment and residential mortgage loans, are not
individually reviewed by management. Reserves are established for each pool of
loans based on the expected net charge-offs. Loss rates are based on the average
net charge-off history by loan category.

Historical loss rates for commercial and consumer loans may be adjusted for
significant factors that, in management's judgment, reflect the impact of any
current conditions or loss recognition. Factors which management considers in
the analysis include the effects of the local economy, trends in the nature and
volume of loans (delinquencies, charge-offs, nonaccrual and problem loans),
changes in the internal lending policies and credit standards, collection
practices, and examination results from bank regulatory agencies and our
internal credit review function. An unallocated reserve is maintained to
recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring loss when evaluating
reserves for individual loans or pools of loans. Specific reserves on individual
loans and historical loss rates are reviewed throughout the year and adjusted as
necessary based on changing borrower and collateral conditions and actual
collection and charge-off experience.

Based on the procedures discussed above, management believes that allowance for
loan losses were adequate to absorb estimated loan losses associated with the
loan portfolio at December 31, 2003. Actual results could differ from these
estimates. However, since the allowance is affected by management's judgment and
uncertainties, there is the likelihood that materially different amounts would
be reported under different conditions or assumptions. To the extent that the
economy, collateral values, reserve factors, or the nature and volume of problem
loans change, we may need to adjust the provision for loan losses. Material
additions to our provision for loan losses would result in a decrease in net
income and capital.

The allowance for loan losses is also discussed as part of "Results of
Operations" and in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. The
significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements.

REGULATION AND LEGISLATION

General

The operating results of the Bank are affected by Federal laws and regulations
and the Bank is subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by
the Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS") as its chartering agency, and the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") as the deposit insurer. The Bank
is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") System and its deposit
accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC under the SAIF
("Savings Association Insurance Fund"). The Bank must file reports with the OTS
and the FDIC concerning its activities and financial condition in addition to
obtaining regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions such
as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other financial institutions. The OTS and
the FDIC conduct periodic examinations to test the Bank's compliance with
various regulatory requirements. The activities of the Company and the Bank are
governed by the Home Owner's Loan Act, as amended (the "HOLA"), and, in certain
respects, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the "FDIA"). A more complete
description of the HOLA and FDIA is included in the Form 10-K.

Capital Requirements

The capital regulations of the OTS require savings institutions to meet three
capital standards: a 1.5% tangible capital standard; a 3% leverage (core
capital) ratio; and an 8% risk-based capital standard. Under the OTS final rule
implementing the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act
("FDICIA'), generally, a well-capitalized institution is defined as one that
meets the following capital standards: a 5% tangible capital standard; a 6%
leverage (core capital) ratio; and a


                                       11
<PAGE>

10% risk-based capital standard, and has not been notified by the OTS that it is
in a "troubled condition." At December 31, 2003, the Bank met each of its
capital requirements and met the criteria of a "well-capitalized" institution as
defined above.

Insurance of Deposit Accounts

The FDIC has adopted a risk-based deposit insurance system that assesses deposit
insurance premiums according to the level of risk involved in an institution's
activities. An institution's risk category is based upon whether the institution
is classified as "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized" or "less than
adequately capitalized" and one of three supervisory subcategories within each
capital group. The supervisory subgroup to which an institution is assigned is
based on a supervisory evaluation and information which the FDIC determines to
be relevant to the institution's financial condition and the risk posed to the
deposit insurance fund. The FDIC has authority to raise premiums if deemed
necessary. If such action is taken, it could have an adverse effect on the
earnings of the institution.

Under the FDIA, insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a
finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in
an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any
applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or the
OTS. The management of the Bank does not know of any practice, condition or
violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance.

CREDIT RISK

The Bank's primary business is lending on residential real estate, commercial
real estate and consumer financing, activities with the inherent risk of
generating potential loan losses the magnitude of which depend on a variety of
factors affecting borrowers which are beyond the control of the Bank. The Bank
has underwriting guidelines and credit review procedures designed to minimize
such credit losses.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The Company's results of operations are dependent primarily on net interest
income, which is the difference between the income earned on its
interest-earning assets, primarily its loans, mortgage-backed securities and
investment securities, and its interest-bearing liabilities, consisting of
deposits and borrowings. The operating expenses of the Company principally
consist of employee compensation, occupancy expenses and other general and
administrative expenses. The Company's results of operations are also
significantly affected by general economic and competitive conditions,
particularly changes in market interest rates, government policies and actions
of regulatory authorities.

Net interest income represents the difference between income on interest-earning
assets and expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income depends
upon the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and
the interest rates earned or paid on them.


                                       12
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding
(i) the total dollar amount of interest and dividend income of the Company from
interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields; (ii) the total dollar
amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant
average costs; (iii) net interest/dividend income; (iv) interest-rate spread;
(v) net interest margin; and (vi) weighted average yields and rates at December
31, 2003. Yields and costs were derived by dividing income or expense by the
average balance of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods shown.
The average balance of loans includes loans on which the Company has
discontinued accruing interest. The yields and costs include fees which are
considered to constitute adjustments to yields.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                             -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           2003                                2002
                                                             -------------------------------     -------------------------------
                                             Yield At                    Interest    Average                 Interest    Average
                                           December 31,      Average        and       Yield/     Average        and       Yield/
                                               2003          Balance     Dividends    Cost       Balance     Dividends     Cost
                                               ----          -------     ---------    ----       -------     ---------     ----
                                                                               ($ in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>           <C>            <C>        <C>       <C>            <C>        <C>
Interest-earning assets:
    Loans ................................     6.45%         $742,461       49,844     6.71%     $721,521       52,496     7.28%
    Securities ...........................     3.24            89,536        2,218     2.48        79,757        3,002     3.76
    Other interest-earning assets (1) ....     1.45            45,209          778     1.72        38,186        1,035     2.71
                                                             --------      -------               --------      -------

         Total interest-earning assets ...     5.96           877,206       52,840     6.02       839,464       56,533     6.73
                                                                           ------                              ------

Noninterest-earning assets ...............                     55,385                              43,409
                                                             --------                            --------

         Total assets ....................                   $932,591                            $882,873
                                                             ========                            ========

Interest-bearing liabilities:
    NOW and money market
       accounts ..........................      .40           149,486          778      .52       131,538        1,449     1.10
    Passbook and statement savings
       accounts ..........................      .55            25,886          154      .59        23,501          216      .92
    Certificates .........................     2.96           484,379       15,443     3.19       460,206       18,461     4.01
    FHLB advances ........................     5.40           139,372        7,740     5.55       160,235        8,999     5.62
    Other borrowings .....................     2.04            22,654          492     2.17        16,915          358     2.12
                                                             --------      -------               --------      -------
         Total interest-bearing
           liabilities ...................     2.70           821,777       24,607     2.99       792,395       29,483     3.72
                                                                           -------                             -------

Noninterest-bearing deposits .............                     25,296                              13,655
Noninterest-bearing liabilities ..........                     10,731                               9,122
Stockholders' equity .....................                     74,787                              67,701
                                                             --------                            --------

         Total liabilities and equity ....                   $932,591                            $882,873
                                                             ========                            ========

Net interest-earning assets and
    interest-rate spread (2) .............     3.26%         $ 55,429                  3.03%     $ 47,069                  3.01%
                                               ====          ========                  ====      ========                  ====

Net interest income and net
    margin (3) ...........................                                $ 28,233     3.22%                  $ 27,050     3.22%
                                                                          ========     ====                   ========     ====
Ratio of interest-earning assets
    to interest-bearing liabilities ......                       1.07                                1.06
                                                                 ====                                ====

<CAPTION>
                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                           2001
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                         Interest   Average
                                                             Average        and      Yield/
                                                             Balance     Dividends    Cost
                                                             -------     ---------    ----
                                                                 ($ in thousands)
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>        <C>
Interest-earning assets:
    Loans .................................                 $655,306       52,384     7.99%
    Securities ............................                   49,709        2,901     5.84
    Other interest-earning assets (1) .....                   27,837        1,200     4.31
                                                            --------      -------

         Total interest-earning assets ....                  732,852       56,485     7.71
                                                                          ------

Noninterest-earning assets ................                   32,885
                                                            --------

         Total assets .....................                 $765,737
                                                            ========

Interest-bearing liabilities:
    NOW and money market
       accounts ...........................                   97,574        2,278     2.33
    Passbook and statement savings
       accounts ...........................                   20,121          359     1.78
    Certificates ..........................                  419,923       23,959     5.71
    FHLB advances .........................                  136,041        8,257     6.07
    Other borrowings ......................                   11,842          463     3.91
                                                            --------      -------
         Total interest-bearing
           liabilities ....................                  685,501       35,316     5.15
                                                                          -------

Noninterest-bearing deposits ..............                   13,683
Noninterest-bearing liabilities ...........                    4,911
Stockholders' equity ......................                   61,642
                                                            --------

         Total liabilities and equity .....                 $765,737
                                                            ========

Net interest-earning assets and
    interest-rate spread (2) ..............                 $ 47,351                  2.56%
                                                            ========                  ====

Net interest income and net
    margin (3) ............................                              $ 21,169     2.89%
                                                                         ========     ====
Ratio of interest-earning assets
    to interest-bearing liabilities .......                     1.07
                                                                ====
</TABLE>

- ----------

(1)   Includes interest-earning deposits and FHLB Stock.

(2)   Interest-rate spread represents the difference between the average yield
      on interest-earning assets and the average cost of
       interest bearing liabilities.

(3)   Net interest margin is net interest income divided by average
      interest-earning assets.


                                       13
<PAGE>

The following table discloses the extent to which changes in interest rates and
changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities have affected the Company's interest income and interest expense
during the periods indicated. Information is provided in each category with
respect to (i) changes attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume
multiplied by prior rate), (ii) changes attributable to changes in rate (changes
in rate multiplied by prior volume) and (iii) changes attributable to changes in
rate/volume (changes in rate multiplied by changes in volume).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Year Ended December 31,                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                               2003 vs. 2002                             2002 vs. 2001
                                                            Increase (Decrease)                       Increase (Decrease)
                                                ----------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------
                                                                  Due to                                    Due to
                                                ----------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------
                                                                       Rate/                                      Rate/
                                                  Rate     Volume     Volume       Net        Rate      Volume   Volume       Net
                                                  ----     ------     ------       ---        ----      ------   ------       ---
                                                                                  ($ in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>         <C>      <C>        <C>         <C>      <C>        <C>
Interest-earning assets:
    Loans, net ..............................   $(4,058)     1,524       (118)    (2,652)    (4,706)     5,293      (475)       112
    Securities ..............................    (1,026)       368       (126)      (784)    (1,030)     1,754      (623)       101
    Other interest-earning (1) ..............      (378)       190        (69)      (257)      (445)       446      (166)      (165)
                                                -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------   -------    -------

           Total ............................    (5,462)     2,082       (313)    (3,693)    (6,181)     7,493    (1,264)        48
                                                -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------   -------    -------

Interest-bearing liabilities:
    NOW and money market accounts ...........      (765)       198       (104)      (671)    (1,203)       793      (419)      (829)
    Passbook and statement savings
        accounts ............................       (76)        22         (8)       (62)      (174)        60       (29)      (143)
    Certificates ............................    (3,789)       970       (199)    (3,018)    (7,114)     2,298      (682)    (5,498)
    FHLB advances ...........................      (100)    (1,172)        13     (1,259)      (617)     1,469      (110)       742
    Other borrowings ........................         9        121          4        134       (212)       198       (91)      (105)
                                                -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------   -------    -------

           Total ............................    (4,721)       139       (294)    (4,876)    (9,320)     4,818    (1,331)    (5,833)
                                                -------    -------    -------    -------    -------    -------   -------    -------

Net change in net interest
    income ..................................   $  (741)     1,943        (19)     1,183      3,139      2,675        67      5,881
                                                =======    =======    =======    =======    =======    =======   =======    =======
</TABLE>

- ----------

(1)   Includes interest-earning deposits and FHLB Stock.


                                       14
<PAGE>

CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Bank's sources of funds include proceeds from payments and prepayments on
mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, proceeds from the maturities of
investment securities and deposits. While maturities and scheduled amortization
of loans and investment securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit
inflows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by local conditions,
general interest rates, and regulatory changes.

At December 31, 2003, the Bank had outstanding commitments to originate $12.7
million of loans, to fund unused lines of credit of $75.5 million, to fund the
undisbursed portion of loans in process of $24.6 million and $3.4 million in
outstanding standby letters of credit. The Bank believes that it will have
sufficient funds available to meet its commitments. At December 31, 2003,
certificates of deposit which were scheduled to mature in one year or less
totaled $281.6 million. Management believes, based on past experience, that a
significant portion of those funds will remain with the Bank.

REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

As a federally-chartered financial institution, the Bank is required to maintain
certain minimum amounts of regulatory capital. Regulatory capital is not a
valuation allowance and has not been created by charges against earnings. The
following table provides a summary of the capital requirements, the Bank's
regulatory capital and the amounts in excess at December 31, 2003:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Tangible                  Core                   Risk-Based
                                                         -------------------      --------------------    ---------------------
                                                                      % of                      % of                 % of Risk-
                                                                    Adjusted                  Adjusted                Weighted
                                                         Amount       Assets       Amount      Assets      Amount      Assets
                                                         ------       ------       ------      ------      ------      ------
                                                                                   ($ in thousands)
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>          <C>
      Regulatory capital ..........................      $78,482       8.28%      $78,482       8.28%      $83,908      13.17%
      Requirement .................................       14,217       1.50        28,435       3.00        50,961       8.00
                                                         -------      -----       -------      -----       -------      -----

      Excess ......................................      $64,265       6.78%      $50,047       5.28%      $32,947       5.17%
                                                         =======      =====       =======      =====       =======      =====
</TABLE>

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates.
The Company's market risk arises primarily from interest-rate risk inherent in
its lending and deposit taking activities. The Company has little or no risk
related to trading accounts, commodities or foreign exchange.

Management actively monitors and manages its interest rate risk exposure. The
primary objective in managing interest-rate risk is to limit, within established
guidelines, the adverse impact of changes in interest rates on the Company's net
interest income and capital, while adjusting the Company's asset-liability
structure to obtain the maximum yield-cost spread on that structure. Management
relies primarily on its asset-liability structure to control interest rate risk.
However, a sudden and substantial increase in interest rates could adversely
impact the Company's earnings, to the extent that the interest rates borne by
assets and liabilities do not change at the same speed, to the same extent, or
on the same basis.

Disclosure about the fair value of financial instruments, which reflect changes
in market prices and rates, can be found in Note 9 of the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.


                                       15
<PAGE>

ASSET /LIABILITY MANAGEMENT

The Bank's primary mission is to provide financing by offering permanent and
construction residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans and
consumer and commercial loans and by providing conveniently located depository
facilities with transaction, savings and certificate accounts. The Bank's goal
is to continue to be a well-capitalized and profitable operation that provides
service that is professional, efficient and courteous. The Bank seeks to fulfill
its mission and accomplish its goals by pursuing the following strategies: (i)
emphasizing lending in the one-to-four-family residential mortgage, commercial
real estate and consumer lending markets; (ii) controlling interest-rate risk;
(iii) managing deposit pricing and asset growth; (iv) emphasizing cost control;
and (v) maintaining asset quality by investing in U.S. government and agency
securities which, in management's judgment, provide a balance between yield and
safety. It is management's intention to continue to employ these strategies over
the foreseeable future.

The Bank's profitability, like that of most financial institutions, is dependent
to a large extent upon its net interest income, which is the difference between
its interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans, mortgage-backed
securities and investment securities, and its interest expense on
interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings. Financial
institutions continue to be affected by general changes in levels of interest
rates and other economic factors beyond their control. At December 31, 2003, the
Bank's one-year interest sensitivity gap (the difference between the amount of
interest-earning assets anticipated by the Bank to mature or reprice within one
year and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities anticipated by the Bank to
mature or reprice within one year) as a percentage of total assets was a
positive .78% Generally, an institution with a positive gap would experience an
increase in net interest income in a period of rising interest rates or a
decrease in net interest income in a period of declining interest rates.
However, certain shortcomings are inherent in the sensitivity analysis presented
above. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar
maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in different manners to
changes in market interest rates. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the
Bank will be able to maintain its net interest-rate spread as market interest
rates fluctuate.

The Bank monitors its interest-rate risk through the Asset/Liability Committee
which meets monthly and reports the results of such monitoring quarterly to the
Board of Directors. The Bank's policy is to seek to maintain a balance between
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities so that the Bank's
cumulative one-year gap is within a range established by the Board of Directors
and which management believes is conducive to maintaining profitability without
incurring undue risk. The Bank has increased its investment in adjustable-rate
and shorter average life, mortgage-related securities in order to position
itself against the consequences of rising interest rates. The Bank also
maintains liquid assets in an amount which allows for the possibility of
disintermediation when interest rates fluctuate. The Bank's liquidity ratio was
17.4% at December 31, 2003. In addition, the Bank's large, stable, core deposit
base resulting from its continuing commitment to quality customer service has
historically provided it with a steady source of funds.


                                       16
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth the amounts of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities outstanding at December 31, 2003 that are expected
to reprice, based upon certain assumptions and contractual maturities, in each
of the future periods shown.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         More         More      More       More        More
                                                         than         than      than       than        than
                                                         Three         Six       One       Three       Five       More
                                           Three        Months       Months     Year       Years       Years      than
                                          Months        to Six        to 12     to 3       to 5        to 10       Ten
                                          or Less       Months       Months     Years      Years       Years      Years       Total
                                          -------       ------       ------     -----      -----       -----      -----       -----
                                                                               ($ in thousands)
<S>                                      <C>             <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>      <C>
Rate-sensitive assets:
   Mortgage loans, net of LIP ........   $ 150,654       70,595     117,030    180,290      52,345      10,958      1,478    583,350
   Commercial and consumer
    loans, net of LIP ................      76,800       13,101      22,574     42,588      23,815       8,465      2,085    189,428
   Mortgage-backed
    securities .......................       4,440        3,685       6,036      8,598       5,427         353         --     28,539
   Interest-earning deposits .........      27,088           --          --         --          --          --         --     27,088
   Investment securities .............       5,948        2,049       9,197     20,363          --          --      7,025     44,582
   Mutual funds ......................       9,016           --          --         --          --          --         --      9,016
   FHLB stock ........................       6,900           --          --         --          --          --         --      6,900
                                         ---------     --------     -------    -------    --------     -------    -------    -------

       Total interest-earning
         assets ......................     280,846       89,430     154,837    251,839      81,587      19,776     10,588    888,903
                                         ---------     --------     -------    -------    --------     -------    -------    -------

Rate-sensitive liabilities:
   Deposits:
    Savings accounts .................      26,636           --          --         --          --          --         --     26,636
    NOW and money
       market accounts ...............     161,527           --          --         --          --          --         --    161,527
    Certificates .....................      92,598       73,924     115,081    133,083      71,259          --         --    485,945
   Borrowed funds ....................      22,941       15,000      10,000     74,000      15,000      19,000         --    155,941
                                         ---------     --------     -------    -------    --------     -------    -------    -------

       Total interest-bearing
         liabilities .................     303,702       88,924     125,081    207,083      86,259      19,000         --    830,049
                                         ---------     --------     -------    -------    --------     -------    -------    -------

Interest-sensitivity gap .............   $ (22,856)         506      29,756     44,756      (4,672)        776     10,588     58,854
                                         =========     ========     =======    =======    ========     =======    =======    =======

Cumulative interest-
    sensitivity gap ..................   $ (22,856)     (22,350)      7,406     52,162      47,490      48,266     58,854
                                         =========     ========     =======    =======    ========     =======    =======

Cumulative interest-earning
    assets ...........................   $ 280,846      370,276     525,113    776,952     858,539     878,315    888,903
                                         =========     ========     =======    =======    ========     =======    =======

Cumulative interest-bearing
    liabilities ......................   $ 303,702      392,626     517,707    724,790     811,049     830,049    830,049
                                         =========     ========     =======    =======    ========     =======    =======

Cumulative interest-sensitivity
    gap as a percentage of
    total assets .....................       (2.41)%     (2.36)%     0.78%       5.50%       5.01%      5.09%      6.21%
                                         =========     ========     =======    =======    ========     =======    =======

Cumulative interest-earning
    assets as a percentage of
    cumulative interest-bearing
    liabilities ......................       92.47%      94.31%    101.43%     107.20%     105.86%    105.81%    107.09%
                                         =========     ========     =======    =======    ========     =======    =======
</TABLE>


                                       17
<PAGE>

COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003 TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2002

General Operating Results. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2003 was
  $9.1 million, or $1.70 per basic share and $1.67 per diluted share, compared
  to $8.8 million, or $1.65 per basic share and $1.61 per diluted share, for the
  year ended December 31, 2002. All per share information has been adjusted to
  reflect the three-for-two stock split in 2003. The increase in net income was
  primarily due to increases in net interest income of $1.2 million and
  noninterest income of $1.6 million, partially offset by a $2.5 million
  increase in noninterest expense.

Interest Income. Interest income decreased $3.7 to $52.8 million for the year
  ended December 31, 2003. The decrease resulted from a decrease in the average
  yield earned on interest-earning assets from 6.73% for the year ended December
  31, 2002 to 6.02% for the year ended December 31, 2003, partially offset by a
  $37.7 million or 4.5% increase in average interest-earning assets outstanding
  for the year ended December 31, 2003 compared to 2002.

Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased $4.9 million or 16.5%, from $29.5
  million for the year ended December 31, 2002 to $24.6 million for the year
  ended December 31, 2003. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease in the
  average cost of interest-bearing liabilities from 3.72% for the year ended
  December 31, 2002 to 2.99% for 2003, partially offset by an increase of $29.4
  million in average interest-bearing liabilities outstanding. Average
  interest-bearing deposits increased from $615.2 million outstanding during the
  year ended December 31, 2002 to $659.8 million outstanding during 2003.
  Average borrowings decreased from $177.2 million outstanding during the year
  ended December 31, 2002 to $162.0 million in 2003.

Provision for Loan Losses. The provision for loan losses is charged to income to
  increase the allowance for loan losses to the level deemed appropriate by
  management. The provision is based upon the volume and type of lending
  conducted by the Company, charge-off experience, industry standards, the
  amount of nonperforming loans, general economic conditions, particularly as
  they relate to the Company's market area, and other factors related to the
  collectibility of the Company's loan portfolio. The Company recorded
  provisions for loan losses for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 of
  $1.5 million and $1.8 million, respectively. Net loans charged off for the
  years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 were $1,205,000 and $953,000,
  respectively. Management believes that the allowance for loan losses, which
  was $5.5 million or .69% of gross loans at December 31, 2003 is adequate.

Noninterest Income. Noninterest income increased $1.6 million, or 42.1% from
  $3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2002 to $5.4 million for 2003.
  That increase was primarily due to increases of $475,000 in other service
  charges and fees and $775,000 in net gain on sales of loans held for sale. The
  increase in gain on sales of loans held for sale was due to an increase in the
  amount of residential mortgage loans originated and sold in the secondary
  market due to the low interest-rate environment.

Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense increased by $2.5 million or 16.7%,
  from $14.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2002 to $17.4 million for
  the year ended December 31, 2003. The increase was primarily due to increases
  in salaries and employee benefits of $1.4 million, occupancy expense of
  $367,000 and $279,000 in data processing expenses related to the overall
  growth of the Company.

Income Taxes. Income taxes were $5.6 million for the year ended December 31,
  2003 (an effective tax rate of 37.9%) compared to $5.3 million (an effective
  tax rate of 37.4%) for the year ended December 31, 2002.


                                       18
<PAGE>

COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002 TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2001

General Operating Results. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2002 was
  $8.8 million, or $1.65 per basic share and $1.61 per diluted share, compared
  to $6.3 million, or $1.18 per basic share and $1.15 per diluted share, for the
  year ended December 31, 2001. All per share information has been adjusted to
  reflect the three-for-two stock split in 2003. The increase in net income was
  primarily due to an increase in net interest income of $5.9 million, partially
  offset by a $2.0 million increase in noninterest expense.

Interest Income. Interest income increased $48,000 to $56.5 million for the year
  ended December 31, 2002. The increase resulted from a $106.6 million or 14.5%
  increase in average interest-earning assets outstanding for the year ended
  December 31, 2002 compared to 2001, offset by a decrease in the average yield
  earned on interest-earning assets from 7.71% for the year ended December 31,
  2001 to 6.73% for the year ended December 31, 2002.

Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased $5.8 million or 16.5%, from $35.3
  million for the year ended December 31, 2001 to $29.5 million for the year
  ended December 31, 2002. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease in the
  average cost of interest-bearing liabilities from 5.15% for the year ended
  December 31, 2001 to 3.72% for 2002, partially offset by increases of $77.6
  million and $29.3 million in average interest-bearing deposits and borrowings
  outstanding, respectively. Average interest-bearing deposits increased from
  $537.6 million outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2001 to $615.2
  million outstanding during 2002. Average borrowings increased from $147.9
  million outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2001 to $177.2 million
  in 2002.

Provision for Loan Losses. The provision for loan losses is charged to income to
  increase the allowance for loan losses to the level deemed appropriate by
  management. The provision is based upon the volume and type of lending
  conducted by the Company, charge-off experience, industry standards, the
  amount of nonperforming loans, general economic conditions, particularly as
  they relate to the Company's market area, and other factors related to the
  collectibility of the Company's loan portfolio. The Company recorded
  provisions for loan losses for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001 of
  $1.8 million and $1.1 million, respectively. Net loans charged off for the
  years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001 were $953,000 and $378,000,
  respectively. Management believes that the allowance for loan losses, which
  was $5.2 million or .68% of gross loans at December 31, 2002 is adequate.

Noninterest Income. Noninterest income increased $1.0 million, or 36.2% from
  $2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2001 to $3.8 million for 2002.
  That increase was primarily due to increases of $321,000 in other service
  charges and fees and $360,000 in net gain on sales of loans held for sale. The
  increase in gain on sales of loans held for sale was due to an increase in the
  amount of residential mortgage loans originated to be sold in the secondary
  market.

Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense increased by $2.0 million or 15.8%,
  from $12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2001 to $14.9 million for
  the year ended December 31, 2002. The increase was primarily due to increases
  in salaries and employee benefits of $1.3 million and occupancy expense of
  $404,000 related to the overall growth of the Company.

Income Tax Provision. The income tax provision was $5.3 million for the year
  ended December 31, 2002 (an effective tax rate of 37.4%) compared to $3.7
  million (an effective tax rate of 37.0%) for the year ended December 31, 2001.


                                       19
<PAGE>

IMPACT OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES

The Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto presented herein have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measurement of
financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without
considering the changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due
to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of the
Company's operations. Unlike most industrial companies, nearly all the assets
and liabilities of the Bank are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates
have a greater impact on the Company's performance than do the effects of
general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same
direction or to the same extent as the price of goods and services.


                                       20
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
                   ($ in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                At December 31,
                                                                                        ----------------------------
                                                                                           2003               2002
                                                                                           ----               ----
<S>                                                                                     <C>                  <C>
            Assets

Cash and due from banks ...................................................             $  35,072             20,157
Interest-earning deposits .................................................                27,088             49,237
                                                                                        ---------          ---------

            Cash and cash equivalents .....................................                62,160             69,394

Securities available for sale .............................................                82,137             77,324
Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of $5,490 in 2003
    and $5,181 in 2002 ....................................................               767,987            735,338
Accrued interest receivable:
    Securities ............................................................                   660                811
    Loans .................................................................                 3,189              3,370
Premises and equipment, net ...............................................                21,448             19,369
Foreclosed assets .........................................................                   881                626
Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost .....................................                 6,900              7,700
Deferred income taxes .....................................................                 1,134                487
Other assets ..............................................................                 1,418              1,557
                                                                                        ---------          ---------

            Total .........................................................             $ 947,914            915,976
                                                                                        ---------          =========

            Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

Liabilities:
    Noninterest-bearing demand deposits ...................................                31,481             18,867
    NOW and money market accounts .........................................               161,527            137,858
    Savings accounts ......................................................                26,636             25,403
    Certificates ..........................................................               485,945            485,930
                                                                                        ---------          ---------

            Total deposits ................................................               705,589            668,058

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank ......................................               133,000            149,000
Other borrowed funds ......................................................                17,786             14,303
Junior subordinated debentures ............................................                 5,155              5,155
Accrued expenses and other liabilities ....................................                 9,028              8,398
                                                                                        ---------          ---------

            Total liabilities .............................................               870,558            844,914
                                                                                        ---------          ---------

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 4, 9 and 12)

Stockholders' equity:
    Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized,
        none outstanding ..................................................                    --                 --
    Common stock, $.01 par value, 15,000,000 shares authorized,
        6,397,202 in 2003 and 4,574,944 in 2002 shares issued .............                    64                 46
    Additional paid-in-capital ............................................                31,837             31,638
    Retained income .......................................................                65,071             58,409
    Accumulated other comprehensive income ................................                   297                636
    Treasury stock, at cost (1,000,048 shares in 2003 and
        991,669 shares in 2002) ...........................................               (19,913)           (19,667)
                                                                                        ---------          ---------

            Total stockholders' equity ....................................                77,356             71,062
                                                                                        ---------          ---------

            Total .........................................................             $ 947,914            915,976
                                                                                        =========          =========
</TABLE>

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       21
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        Consolidated Statements of Income
                   ($ in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                        2003              2002              2001
<S>                                                                                 <C>                 <C>              <C>
Interest income:
    Loans .................................................................         $   49,844             52,496           52,384
    Securities ............................................................              2,218              3,002            2,901
    Other .................................................................                778              1,035            1,200
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

        Total interest income .............................................             52,840             56,533           56,485
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

Interest expense:
    Deposits ..............................................................             16,375             20,126           26,596
    Borrowed funds ........................................................              8,232              9,357            8,720
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

        Total interest expense ............................................             24,607             29,483           35,316
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

        Net interest income ...............................................             28,233             27,050           21,169

Provision for loan losses .................................................              1,514              1,845            1,115
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

        Net interest income after provision for loan losses ...............             26,719             25,205           20,054
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

Noninterest income:
    Deposit account fees ..................................................              1,036                953              835
    Other service charges and fees ........................................              2,375              1,900            1,579
    Net gain on sales of loans held for sale ..............................              1,178                403               43
    Other .................................................................                775                520              316
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

        Total noninterest income ..........................................              5,364              3,776            2,773
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

Noninterest expense:
    Salaries and employee benefits ........................................             10,196              8,814            7,554
    Occupancy expense .....................................................              2,787              2,420            2,016
    Data processing expense ...............................................              1,270                991              990
    Advertising and promotion .............................................                507                492              410
    Professional services .................................................                480                432              386
    Other .................................................................              2,115              1,719            1,485
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

        Total noninterest expense .........................................             17,355             14,868           12,841
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

Income before income taxes ................................................             14,728             14,113            9,986

        Income taxes ......................................................              5,580              5,277            3,697
                                                                                    ----------         ----------       ----------

Net income ................................................................         $    9,148              8,836            6,289
                                                                                    ==========         ==========       ==========

Basic income per share ....................................................         $     1.70               1.65             1.18
                                                                                    ==========         ==========       ==========

Weighted-average number of shares outstanding for basic ...................          5,385,199          5,360,498        5,321,646
                                                                                    ==========         ==========       ==========

Diluted income per share ..................................................         $     1.67               1.61             1.15
                                                                                    ==========         ==========       ==========

Weighted-average number of shares outstanding for diluted .................          5,456,896          5,466,880        5,444,148
                                                                                    ==========         ==========       ==========
</TABLE>

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       22
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

           Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity

                  Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
                   ($ in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Common Stock                                          Accumulated
                                              -------------------   Additional                             Other           Total
                                               Number of              Paid-In   Treasury    Retained   Comprehensive   Stockholders'
                                                 Shares    Amount     Capital     Stock      Income        Income         Equity
                                                 ------    ------     -------     -----      ------        ------         ------
<S>                                            <C>           <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Balance at December 31, 2000 .............     4,491,646     $45       31,010    (18,985)     47,132         81           59,283
                                                                                                                         -------

Comprehensive income:

     Net income ..........................            --      --           --         --       6,289         --            6,289

     Change in unrealized gains on
       securities available for sale, net
       of income taxes of $217 ...........            --      --           --         --          --        359              359
                                                                                                                         -------

Comprehensive income .....................                                                                                 6,648
                                                                                                                         -------

Net proceeds from the issuance of
     common stock, stock options
     exercised ...........................        51,307      --          345         --          --         --              345

Dividends paid ($.35 per share -
     adjusted) ...........................            --      --           --         --      (1,846)        --           (1,846)

Purchase of treasury stock, 19,936
     shares ..............................            --      --           --       (362)         --         --             (362)
                                               ---------     ---       ------    -------     -------        ---          -------

Balance at December 31, 2001 .............     4,542,953     $45       31,355    (19,347)     51,575        440           64,068
                                               =========     ===       ======    =======     =======        ===          =======
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)


                                       23
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, Continued

                  Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
                   ($ in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Common Stock                                           Accumulated
                                            --------------------  Additional                               Other           Total
                                              Number of            Paid-In     Treasury    Retained    Comprehensive   Stockholders'
                                               Shares     Amount   Capital       Stock      Income        Income          Equity
                                               ------     ------   -------       -----      ------        ------          ------
<S>                                          <C>            <C>     <C>        <C>          <C>             <C>            <C>
Balance at December 31, 2001 .............   4,542,953      $45     31,355     (19,347)     51,575          440            64,068
                                                                                                                          -------

Comprehensive income:

     Net income ..........................          --       --         --          --       8,836           --             8,836

     Change in unrealized gains on
       securities available for sale, net
       of income taxes of $163 ...........          --       --         --          --          --          271               271
                                                                                                                          -------

     Change in unrealized loss on
       derivative instrument, net of
       income tax benefit of $45 .........          --       --         --          --          --          (75)              (75)
                                                                                                                          -------

Comprehensive income .....................                                                                                  9,032
                                                                                                                          -------

Net proceeds from the issuance of
     common stock, stock options
     exercised ...........................      31,991        1        283          --          --           --               284

Dividends paid ($.37 per share -
     adjusted) ...........................          --       --         --          --      (2,002)          --            (2,002)

Purchase of treasury stock, 12,648
     shares ..............................          --       --         --        (320)         --           --              (320)
                                             ---------      ---     ------     -------     -------         ----           -------

Balance at December 31, 2002 .............   4,574,944      $46     31,638     (19,667)     58,409          636            71,062
                                             =========      ===     ======     =======     =======         ====           =======
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)


                                       24
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, Continued

                  Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001
                   ($ in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Common Stock                                       Accumulated
                                                ------------------- Additional                            Other          Total
                                                Number of             Paid-In    Treasury    Retained  Comprehensive   Stockholders'
                                                 Shares      Amount   Capital      Stock      Income      Income          Equity
                                                 ------      ------   -------      -----      ------      ------          ------
<S>                                             <C>            <C>     <C>       <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002 ...............    4,574,944      $46     31,638    (19,667)     58,409        636           71,062
                                                                                                                         -------

Comprehensive income:

     Net income ............................           --       --         --         --       9,148         --            9,148

     Change in unrealized gains on
       securities available for sale, net
       of income tax benefit of $217 .......           --       --         --         --          --       (362)            (362)
                                                                                                                         -------

     Change in unrealized loss on
       derivative instrument, net of
       income taxes of $14 .................           --       --         --         --          --         23               23
                                                                                                                         -------

Comprehensive income .......................                                                                               8,809
                                                                                                                         -------

Net proceeds from the issuance of
     common stock, stock options
     exercised .............................       29,989       --        217         --          --         --              217

Dividends paid ($.46 per share) ............           --       --         --         --      (2,486)        --           (2,486)

Purchase of treasury stock, 8,379
     shares ................................           --       --         --       (246)         --         --             (246)

Three-for-two stock split ..................    1,792,269       18        (18)        --          --         --               --
                                                ---------      ---    -------    -------     -------       ----          -------

Balance at December 31, 2003 ...............    6,397,202      $64     31,837    (19,913)     65,071        297           77,356
                                                =========      ===    =======    =======     =======       ====          =======
</TABLE>

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       25
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                  -------------------------------------
                                                                                     2003          2002          2001
                                                                                     ----          ----          ----
<S>                                                                               <C>              <C>           <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net income ...........................................................        $   9,148         8,836         6,289
    Adjustments to reconcile net income
        to net cash provided by operations:
            Provision for loan losses ....................................            1,514         1,845         1,115
            Depreciation and amortization ................................            1,351         1,062           852
            Deferred income tax benefit ..................................             (444)         (331)         (251)
            Net amortization of premiums and discounts on securities .....            1,064           297           (52)
            Net amortization of deferred loan fees and costs .............              258          (142)          134
            Net gain on sales of loans held for sale .....................           (1,178)         (403)          (43)
            Loan originated for sale .....................................          (77,670)      (44,207)      (10,323)
            Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale ...................           77,704        37,289         5,191
            Decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable ...........              332            12          (443)
            Decrease (increase) in other assets ..........................              139          (514)         (138)
            Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities ...........              667         1,650         2,679
                                                                                  ---------      --------      --------

                    Net cash provided by operating activities ............           12,885         5,394         5,010
                                                                                  ---------      --------      --------

Cash flows from investing activities:
    Purchase of securities available for sale ............................          (42,139)      (41,433)      (30,751)
    Proceeds from principal repayments and maturities of securities
        available for sale ...............................................           35,683        23,749        14,593
    Loan disbursements ...................................................         (251,919)     (209,046)     (188,618)
    Principal repayments on loans ........................................          216,960       163,820       121,526
    Purchase of premises and equipment, net ..............................           (3,430)       (6,093)       (3,700)
    Redemption (purchase) of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ................              800            --        (1,550)
    Net proceeds from sales of foreclosed assets .........................            1,427         1,188           470
                                                                                  ---------      --------      --------

                    Net cash used in investing activities ................          (42,618)      (67,815)      (88,030)
                                                                                  ---------      --------      --------
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)


                                       26
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Continued
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           ----------------------------------------
                                                                                              2003            2002            2001
                                                                                              ----            ----            ----
<S>                                                                                        <C>               <C>             <C>
Cash flows from financing activities:
    Net increase in deposits .......................................................       $ 37,531          82,930          66,243
    Net (decrease) increase in Federal Home Loan Bank advances .....................        (16,000)         (5,000)         31,000
    Net increase in other borrowed funds ...........................................          3,483             976           6,951
    Increase in junior subordinated debentures .....................................             --           5,155              --
    Issuance of common stock .......................................................            217             284             345
    Purchase of treasury stock .....................................................           (246)           (320)           (362)
    Cash dividends paid ............................................................         (2,486)         (2,002)         (1,846)
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------

                Net cash provided by financing activities ..........................         22,499          82,023         102,331
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ...............................         (7,234)         19,602          19,311

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year .....................................         69,394          49,792          30,481
                                                                                           --------        --------        --------

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ...........................................       $ 62,160          69,394          49,792
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year
    for:
        Interest ...................................................................       $ 24,772          29,690          35,217
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========

        Income taxes ...............................................................       $  6,208           5,458           3,821
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========

    Noncash investing and financing activities:
        Accumulated other comprehensive income:
            Net change in unrealized gain on securities available for
                sale, net of tax ...................................................       $   (362)            271             359
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========

            Net change in unrealized loss on derivative investment,
                net of tax .........................................................       $     23             (75)             --
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========

        Transfers from loans to foreclosed assets ..................................       $  1,951           1,679             656
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========

        Loans originated on sales of foreclosed assets .............................       $    269             238              89
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========

        Loans funded by and sold to correspondent ..................................       $ 14,383          20,541          14,926
                                                                                           ========        ========        ========
</TABLE>

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       27
<PAGE>

                       FFLC BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         December 31, 2003, 2002 and For Each of the Three Years in the
                         Period Ended December 31, 2003

(1)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

      FFLC Bancorp, Inc. (the "Holding Company") was incorporated in Delaware on
         September 16, 1993, and acquired First Federal Savings Bank of Lake
         County (the "Bank") in connection with the Bank's conversion to stock
         form on January 4, 1994. The Holding Company is a savings and loan
         holding company subject to regulation by the Office of Thrift
         Supervision ("OTS") which mainly transacts its business through its
         subsidiary, the Bank. The Bank is a community-oriented savings
         institution, chartered in 1934, which offers a variety of financial
         services to individuals and businesses primarily located in Lake
         County, Sumter County, Citrus County and Marion County, Florida. The
         Bank's deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
         Corporation ("FDIC") through the Savings Association Insurance Fund
         ("SAIF").

         During 2001, First Alliance Title, LLC ("First Alliance"), a 90% owned
         subsidiary of the Holding Company was formed to operate as a title
         agency. First Alliance ceased operations in November 2003. During 2002,
         FFLC Statutory Trust I (the "Trust") was formed for the sole purpose of
         issuing $5,000,000 of trust preferred securities as more fully
         described in Note 7. In 2003, the Company adopted Financial Accounting
         Standards Board Interpretation No. 46, "Consolidation of Variable
         Interest Entities" as revised in December 2003. In accordance with
         Interpretation No. 46, the Trust is not consolidated in the financial
         statements of the Company, but rather accounted for under the equity
         method of accounting. The Company has elected to apply Interpretation
         No. 46 on a retroactive basis and therefore has restated its 2002
         consolidated financial statements. The effect to the 2002 consolidated
         balance sheet was to record junior subordinated debentures of
         $5,155,000, eliminate the guaranteed beneficial interest in junior
         subordinated debentures of $5,000,000 and record the Company's
         investment in the Trust of $155,000 in other assets. Interpretation No.
         46 had no effect on the 2002 consolidated statement of income.

      Principles of Consolidation. The consolidated financial statements include
         the accounts of the Holding Company and its two subsidiaries, the Bank
         and First Alliance and the Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary, Lake County
         Service Corporation (the "Service Corporation") (all together, the
         "Company"). All significant intercompany transactions and balances have
         been eliminated in consolidation.

      General. The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to
         accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
         America and to general practices within the banking industry. The
         following summarizes the significant accounting policies of the
         Company:

      Use of Estimates. In preparing consolidated financial statements in
         conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
         States of America, management is required to make estimates and
         assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
         as of the date of the balance sheet and reported amounts of revenues
         and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
         from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly
         susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the
         determination of the allowance for loan losses and foreclosed assets.

      Cash and Cash Equivalents. For purposes of the consolidated statements of
         cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and balances due
         from banks and interest-earning deposits.

         The Bank is required to maintain certain cash reserve balances pursuant
         to regulations of the Federal Reserve Board. These balances must be
         maintained in the form of vault cash or noninterest-earning deposits at
         other banks. The reserve balances at December 31, 2003 and 2002 were
         approximately $9.0 million and $8.7 million, respectively.


                                       28
<PAGE>

      Securities. The Company may classify its securities as either trading,
         held to maturity or available for sale. Trading securities are held
         principally for resale and recorded at their fair values. Unrealized
         gains and losses on trading securities are included immediately in
         earnings. Held-to-maturity securities are those which the Company has
         the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported at
         amortized cost. Available-for-sale securities consist of securities not
         classified as trading securities nor as held-to-maturity securities.
         Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of tax, on available-for-sale
         securities are excluded from income and reported in other comprehensive
         income. Gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale securities
         are recorded on the trade date and determined using the
         specific-identification method. Premiums and discounts on securities
         available for sale are recognized in interest income using the interest
         method over the period to maturity.

      Loans Held For Sale. Loans originated and held for sale by the Company are
         carried at the lower of cost or fair value using the specific
         identification method. At December 31, 2003 and 2002, the aggregate
         fair value of loans held for sale exceeded the carrying value. Gains
         and losses on the sales of such loans are recognized using the specific
         identification method. The Company held $15.6 million and $14.4 million
         of loans held for sale at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively,
         which are included in loans on the accompanying consolidated balance
         sheets.

      Loans. Loans that management has the intent and the Company has the
         ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off
         are reported at their outstanding principal adjusted for any
         charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, and any deferred fees or
         costs on originated loans.

         Loan origination fees are deferred and certain direct origination costs
         are capitalized. Both are recognized as an adjustment of the yield of
         the related loan.

         The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued at the time the loan
         is ninety days delinquent unless the loan is well collateralized and in
         process of collection. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or
         charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest
         is considered doubtful.

         All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on
         nonaccrual or charged-off is reversed against interest income. The
         interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or
         cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are
         returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts
         contractually due are brought current and future payments are
         reasonably assured.

      Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is established as
         losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan
         losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the
         allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan
         balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to
         the allowance.

         The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by
         management and is based upon management's periodic review of the
         collectibility of the loans in light of historical experience, the
         nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may
         affect the borrower's ability to repay, estimated value of any
         underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This
         evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are
         susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes
         available.


                                       29
<PAGE>

         A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and
         events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the
         scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the
         contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by
         management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral
         value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and
         interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment
         delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.
         Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment
         shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
         the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the
         length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower's prior
         payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the
         principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan
         basis for commercial loans by either the present value of expected
         future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the
         loan's obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if
         the loan is collateral dependent.

         Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively
         evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately
         identify individual consumer and residential loans for impairment
         disclosures.

      Foreclosed Assets. Assets acquired through, or in lieu of, loan
         foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at the lower
         of fair value or the loan balance at the date of foreclosure.
         Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by
         management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying amount
         or fair value less cost to sell. Revenues and expenses from operations
         and changes in the valuation allowance are included in earnings.

      Premises and Equipment. Land is carried at cost. The Company's premises,
         furniture and equipment and leasehold improvements are carried at cost,
         less accumulated depreciation and amortization computed principally
         using the straight-line method.

      Transfer of Financial Assets. Transfers of financial assets are accounted
         for as sales, when control over the assets has been surrendered.
         Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when (1)
         the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee
         obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking
         advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets,
         and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the
         transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their
         maturity.

      Income Taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded to
         reflect the tax consequences on future years of temporary differences
         between revenues and expenses reported for financial statement and
         those reported for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and
         liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply
         to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
         expected to be realized or settled. Valuation allowances are provided
         against assets which are not likely to be realized.


                                       30
<PAGE>

      Stock Compensation Plans. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
         (SFAS) No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, as amended by
         SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation Transition and
         Disclosure (collectively, "SFAS 123") encourages all entities to adopt
         a fair value based method of accounting for employee stock compensation
         plans, whereby compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on
         the value of the award and is recognized over the service period, which
         is usually the vesting period. However, it also allows an entity to
         continue to measure compensation cost for those plans using the
         intrinsic value based method of accounting prescribed by Accounting
         Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
         Employees (APB No. 25), whereby compensation cost is the excess, if
         any, of the quoted market price of the stock at the grant date (or
         other measurement date) over the amount an employee must pay to acquire
         the stock. The Company accounts for its stock option plans under the
         recognition and measurement principles of APB No. 25. No stock-based
         employee compensation cost is reflected in net income as all options
         granted under those plans had an exercise price equal to the market
         value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. The
         following table illustrates the effect on net income and income per
         share if the Company had applied the fair value recognition provisions
         of SFAS 123 to stock-based employee compensation ($ in thousands,
         except per share data).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                       --------------------------------
                                                                                         2003        2002        2001
                                                                                         ----        ----        ----
<S>                                                                                    <C>            <C>         <C>
            Net income, as reported ...............................................    $  9,148       8,836       6,289

            Deduct:  Total stock-based employee compensation
                determined under the fair value based method for all
                awards, net of related tax effect .................................         (59)         (7)        (39)
                                                                                       --------    --------    --------

            Proforma net income ...................................................    $  9,089       8,829       6,250
                                                                                       ========    ========    ========

            Basic income per share, as reported ...................................    $   1.70        1.65        1.18
                                                                                       ========    ========    ========

            Proforma basic income per share .......................................    $   1.69        1.65        1.17
                                                                                       ========    ========    ========

            Diluted income per share, as reported .................................    $   1.67        1.61        1.15
                                                                                       ========    ========    ========

            Proforma diluted income per share .....................................    $   1.67        1.61        1.15
                                                                                       ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

         In order to calculate the fair value of the options granted using the
         Black-Scholes model, it was assumed that the risk-free interest rate
         for 2003 was 4.73%, the annualized dividend yield was 2.0%, the
         expected life of the options would be the entire exercise period and
         stock volatility was 37%. For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the
         estimated fair value is included in expense during the vesting period.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                       --------------------------
                                                                                        2003       2002      2001
                                                                                        ----       ----      ----
<S>                                                                                    <C>          <C>       <C>
            Grant-date fair value per option of options issued during the year ....    $11.44       N/A       N/A
                                                                                       ======       ===       ===
</TABLE>

      Derivative Financial Instruments. The Company has one derivative
         instrument which is used to hedge its interest rate exposure by
         modifying the characteristics of the related balance sheet instrument.
         This derivative instrument qualifies as a cash flow hedge under the
         provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133
         "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" ("SFAS
         133"). Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is highly
         effective, and that is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge,
         are recorded in other comprehensive income, net of tax.


                                       31
<PAGE>

      Off-Balance-Sheet Instruments. In the ordinary course of business, the
         Company has entered into off-balance-sheet instruments consisting of
         commitments to extend credit, unused lines of credit, undisbursed loans
         in process and standby letters of credit. Such financial instruments
         are recorded in the financial statements when they are funded.

      Fair Values of Financial Instruments. The fair value of a financial
         instrument is the current amount that would be exchanged between
         willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation. Fair value is best
         determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances,
         there are no quoted market prices for the Company's various financial
         instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available,
         fair values are based on estimates using present value or other
         valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by
         the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of
         future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be
         realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument or may not
         necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the instrument to
         the Company. The following methods and assumptions were used by the
         Company in estimating fair values of financial instruments:

            Cash and Cash Equivalents. The carrying amounts of cash and cash
            equivalents approximate their fair value.

            Securities. Fair values for securities available for sale are based
            on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices
            are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of
            comparable instruments.

            Federal Home Loan Bank Stock. Fair value of the Company's investment
            in Federal Home Loan Bank stock is based on its redemption value,
            which is its cost of $100 per share.

            Loans. For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and have no
            significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying
            values. Fair values for fixed-rate loans are estimated using
            discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being
            offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit
            quality.

            Deposit Liabilities. The fair values disclosed for demand, NOW,
            money market and savings deposits are, by definition, equal to the
            amount payable on demand at the reporting date (that is, their
            carrying amounts). Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of
            deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that
            applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a
            schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities of certificates
            of deposit.

            Borrowed Funds. The carrying amounts of borrowings under repurchase
            agreements approximate their fair values. Fair values of Federal
            Home Loan Bank advances and junior subordinated debentures are
            estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on the Company's
            current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing
            arrangements.

            Derivative Instruments. Fair value for the derivative instrument
            (interest-rate swap) is based on current settlement value.

            Accrued Interest. The carrying amounts of accrued interest
            approximate their fair values.

            Off-Balance-Sheet Instruments. Fair values for off-balance-sheet
            lending commitments are based on fees currently charged to enter
            into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of
            the agreements and the counterparties' credit standing.


                                       32
<PAGE>

      Income Per Share of Common Stock. The Company follows the provisions of
         Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, "Earnings Per Share" (SFAS No.
         128). SFAS No. 128 provides accounting and reporting standards for
         calculating income per share. Basic income per share of common stock
         has been computed by dividing the net income for the year by the
         weighted-average number of shares outstanding. Shares of common stock
         purchased by the Retention and Recognition Plan ("RRP") (see Note 17)
         are only considered outstanding when the shares are released or
         committed to be released for allocation to participants. As of December
         31, 2001, 2002 and 2003, 4,102, 4,102 and 3,020 shares remain
         uncommitted under the RRP plan, respectively, and are not considered
         outstanding for purposes of the computation of net income per share of
         common stock. Diluted income per share is computed by dividing net
         income by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding including
         the dilutive effect of stock options (see Note 17) computed using the
         treasury stock method. All per share amounts reflect the three-for-two
         stock split declared on February 14, 2003. The following table presents
         the calculation of basic and dilutive income per share of common stock:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               ----------------------------------------
                                                                                  2003           2002           2001
                                                                                  ----           ----           ----
<S>                                                                            <C>             <C>            <C>
            Weighted-average shares of common stock issued
                and outstanding before adjustments for RRP
                and common stock options ..................................     5,389,219      5,364,600      5,325,748

            Adjustment to reflect the effect of unallocated
                RRP average shares ........................................        (4,020)        (4,102)        (4,102)
                                                                               ----------     ----------     ----------

            Weighted-average shares for basic income per share ............     5,385,199      5,360,498      5,321,646
                                                                               ==========     ==========     ==========

            Basic income per share ........................................    $     1.70           1.65           1.18
                                                                               ==========     ==========     ==========

            Total weighted-average common shares and equivalents
                outstanding for basic income per share
                computation ...............................................     5,385,199      5,360,498      5,321,646

            Additional dilutive shares using the average market value
                for the period utilizing the treasury stock method
                regarding stock options ...................................        71,697        106,382        122,502
                                                                               ----------     ----------     ----------

            Weighted-average common shares and equivalents
                outstanding for diluted income per share ..................     5,456,896      5,466,880      5,444,148
                                                                               ==========     ==========     ==========

            Diluted income per share ......................................    $     1.67           1.61           1.15
                                                                               ==========     ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

      Comprehensive Income. Accounting principles generally require that
         recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net
         income. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities, such as
         unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, are
         reported as a separate component of the equity section of the balance
         sheet, such items, along with net income, are components of
         comprehensive income. The components of other comprehensive income were
         unrealized holding gains and losses on securities available for sale
         and an unrealized loss on a derivative instrument.


                                       33
<PAGE>

      Other Recent Pronouncements. In November 2002, the FASB issued FASB
         Interpretation No. 45, "Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure
         Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of
         Indebtedness to Others" ("FIN 45"), which expands previously issued
         accounting guidance and disclosure requirements for certain guarantees.
         FIN 45 requires the Company to recognize an initial liability for the
         fair value of an obligation assumed by issuing a guarantee. The
         provision for initial recognition and measurement of the liability is
         applied on a prospective basis to guarantees issued or modified after
         December 31, 2002. The adoption of FIN 45 did not have a material
         effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

         In June 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Costs
         Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities." SFAS No. 146 provides
         guidance on the recognition and measurement of liabilities for costs
         associated with exit or disposal activities. SFAS No. 146 is effective
         for exit and disposal activities that are initiated after December 31,
         2002. The adoption of this Statement had no effect on the Company's
         consolidated financial statements.

         In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement
         133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." This Statement
         amends and clarifies financial accounting and reporting for derivative
         instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other
         contracts (collectively referred to as derivatives) and for hedging
         activities under FASB Statement No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
         Instruments and Hedging Activities." This Statement is effective for
         contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003. The adoption of
         this Statement had no effect on the Company's consolidated financial
         statements.

         In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, "Accounting for Certain
         Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and
         Equity." This Statement establishes standards for how an issuer
         classifies and measures certain financial instruments with
         characteristics of both liabilities and equity. This Statement is
         effective for financial instruments entered into or modified after May
         31, 2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first
         interim period beginning after June 15, 2003. The adoption of this
         Statement had no effect on the Company's consolidated financial
         statements.

      Reclassifications. Certain immaterial amounts in the 2001 and 2002
         consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to
         the presentation for 2003.


                                       34
<PAGE>

(2)   Securities

      All securities have been classified as available for sale by management.
         The carrying amounts of securities available for sale and their
         approximate fair values were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Gross          Gross
                                                                    Amortized      Unrealized     Unrealized      Fair
                                                                       Cost          Gains          Losses        Value
                                                                    ---------      ----------     ----------     -------
                                                                                        (In thousands)
<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>           <C>        <C>
         Securities available for sale:
         At December 31, 2003:
             Mutual funds ....................................        $ 9,146             --           (130)       9,016
             U.S. Government and agency securities ...........         36,298            342             (1)      36,639
             Mortgage-backed securities ......................         28,229            317             (7)      28,539
             Other investment securities .....................          7,904             39             --        7,943
                                                                      -------        -------        -------      -------

                 Total .......................................        $81,577            698           (138)      82,137
                                                                      =======        =======        =======      =======

         At December 31, 2002:
             Mutual funds ....................................          9,433             --            (59)       9,374
             U.S. Government and agency securities ...........         36,801            853             (5)      37,649
             Mortgage-backed securities ......................         21,961            335             --       22,296
             Other investment securities .....................          7,990             22             (7)       8,005
                                                                      -------        -------        -------      -------

                 Total .......................................        $76,185          1,210            (71)      77,324
                                                                      =======        =======        =======      =======
</TABLE>

      The scheduled maturities of securities available for sale at December 31,
         2003 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Amortized      Fair
                                                                                              Cost        Value
                                                                                           ---------     -------
                                                                                               (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                         <C>           <C>
         Due in less than one year ........................................                 $16,067       16,276
         Due from one year to five years ..................................                  20,231       20,363
         Due after ten years ..............................................                   7,904        7,943
         Mortgage-backed securities .......................................                  28,229       28,539
         Mutual funds .....................................................                   9,146        9,016
                                                                                            -------      -------

             Total ........................................................                 $81,577       82,137
                                                                                            =======      =======
</TABLE>

      Securities with a carrying value of approximately $13.5 million and $16.4
         million at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively, were pledged to
         secure public funds and tax deposits. The Company has also pledged
         securities with a carrying value of $22.5 million and $18.7 million for
         borrowings under retail repurchase agreements with customers at
         December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively (See Note 6).

      There were no sales of securities during the years ended December 31,
         2003, 2002 or 2001.


                                       35
<PAGE>

(3)   Loans

      The components of loans were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  At December 31,
                                                                                              ----------------------
                                                                                                2003          2002
                                                                                                ----          ----
                                                                                                   (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                           <C>            <C>
            First mortgage loans secured by:
                One-to-four-family residential *...........................................   $ 384,514      395,116
                Construction and land......................................................      43,575       30,792
                Multi-family units.........................................................      12,453       22,796
                Commercial real estate, churches and other.................................     167,381      140,770
            Consumer loans.................................................................     155,438      138,202
            Commercial loans...............................................................      33,990       28,879
                                                                                              ---------      -------

                    Subtotal (1)...........................................................     797,351      756,555

            Undisbursed portion of loans in process........................................     (24,573)     (16,770)
            Net deferred loan costs........................................................         699          734
            Allowance for loan losses (2)..................................................      (5,490)      (5,181)
                                                                                              ---------      -------

                    Loans, net.............................................................   $ 767,987      735,338
                                                                                              =========      =======
</TABLE>

      *     Includes $15.6 million and $14.4 million of loans held for sale at
            December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

      (1)   Total loans outstanding by department consists of the following (in
            thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      At December 31,
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------
                                                                             2003                        2002
                                                                     ----------------------      -------------------
                                                                                      % of                     % of
                                                                       Amount        Total         Amount      Total
                                                                       ------        -----         ------      -----
<S>                                                                  <C>             <C>         <C>          <C>
            Residential.........................................     $ 372,551        46.72%     $ 385,711     50.98%
            Commercial..........................................       265,655        33.32        229,930     30.39
            Consumer............................................       159,145        19.96        140,914     18.63
                                                                     ---------       ------      ---------    ------

                                                                     $ 797,351       100.00%     $ 756,555    100.00%
                                                                     =========       ======      =========    ======
</TABLE>


                                       36
<PAGE>

(2)   Total allowance for loan losses by department consists of the following
      (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          At December 31,
                                                                        --------------------------------------------------
                                                                                2003                         2002
                                                                        --------------------          --------------------
                                                                                       % to                          % to
                                                                                       Gross                         Gross
                                                                        Amount         Loans          Amount         Loans
                                                                        ------         -----          ------         -----
<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>
         Residential ..........................................         $  911           .24%         $1,175           .30%
         Commercial ...........................................          3,371          1.27           2,949          1.28
         Consumer .............................................          1,208           .76           1,057           .75
                                                                        ------          ----          ------          ----

                                                                        $5,490           .69%         $5,181           .68%
                                                                        ======          ====          ======          ====
</TABLE>

      Total gross loans originated by department, including unfunded
         construction and line of credit loans, consist of the following (in
         thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                           Year Ended
                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                       --------------------
                                                                                                         2003        2002
                                                                                                         ----        ----
<S>                                                                                                    <C>          <C>
         Residential ............................................                                      $191,048     148,271
         Commercial .............................................                                       118,633      95,160
         Consumer ...............................................                                        96,829      80,297
                                                                                                       --------    --------

                                                                                                       $406,510     323,728
                                                                                                       ========    ========
</TABLE>

      An analysis of the change in the allowance for loan losses follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           ---------------------------------
                                                                                             2003         2002         2001
                                                                                             ----         ----         ----
                                                                                                   (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                        <C>            <C>          <C>
         Balance at January 1 ..............................                               $ 5,181        4,289        3,552
         Provision for loan losses .........................                                 1,514        1,845        1,115
         Net loans charged-off .............................                                (1,205)        (953)        (378)
                                                                                           -------      -------      -------

         Balance at December 31 ............................                               $ 5,490        5,181        4,289
                                                                                           =======      =======      =======
</TABLE>

      The following summarizes the amount of impaired loans at December 31, 2003
         and 2002, all of which are collateral dependent:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                         At December 31,
                                                                                                       -------------------
                                                                                                        2003         2002
                                                                                                        ----         ----
                                                                                                         (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                                    <C>             <C>
         Loans identified as impaired:
             Gross loans with no related allowance for losses .........................                $ 2,971          --
             Gross loans with related allowance for losses recorded ...................                    400         400
             Less: Allowances on these loans ..........................................                    (50)        (50)
                                                                                                       -------     -------

         Net investment in impaired loans .............................................                $ 3,321         350
                                                                                                       =======     =======
</TABLE>


                                       37
<PAGE>

      The average net investment in impaired loans and interest income
         recognized and received on impaired loans during the years ended
         December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                  -------------------------------
                                                                                   2003        2002          2001
                                                                                          (In thousands)
<S>                                                                               <C>            <C>          <C>
            Average net investment in impaired loans ...................          $1,920         184          581
                                                                                  ======      ======       ======

            Interest income recognized on impaired loans ...............          $  143          35           81
                                                                                  ======      ======       ======

            Interest income received on impaired loans .................          $  143          35           81
                                                                                  ======      ======       ======
</TABLE>

      The increase in impaired loans during 2003 mainly resulted from two loans
         to an agricultural borrower being identified as impaired and placed on
         nonaccrual status. Management estimates that equity in the related
         collateral is sufficient and no loss is anticipated on these two loans.

      The Company originates or purchases nonresidential real property loans.
         These loans are considered by management to be of somewhat greater risk
         of uncollectibility due to the dependency on income production or
         future development of the real estate. Nearly all of the Company's real
         property loans were collateralized by real property in Lake, Sumter,
         Citrus and Marion Counties, Florida.

      Nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2003 and 2002 totaled $5.3 million and
         $2.6 million, respectively. There were no loans past due ninety days or
         more and still accruing interest income at December 31, 2003 or 2002.
         For the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, interest income
         on loans would have been increased approximately $83,000, $106,000 and
         $116,000, respectively, if the interest on nonaccrual loans had been
         recorded under the original terms of such loans.

(4)   Premises and Equipment

      Components of premises and equipment were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  At December 31,
                                                                                               ---------------------
                                                                                                 2003          2002
                                                                                                 ----          ----
                                                                                                   (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                            <C>            <C>
         Cost:
             Land .............................................................                $  5,794        4,924
             Building and leasehold improvements ..............................                  18,292       15,553
             Furniture and equipment ..........................................                   4,045        3,539
             Construction in progress .........................................                     131          816
                                                                                               --------     --------

                 Total cost ...................................................                  28,262       24,832

         Less accumulated depreciation and amortization .......................                  (6,814)      (5,463)
                                                                                               --------     --------

             Net book value ...................................................                $ 21,448       19,369
                                                                                               ========     ========
</TABLE>


                                       38
<PAGE>

      Certain Company facilities are leased under operating leases. Rental
         expense was approximately $63,000, $70,000 and $118,000 in 2003, 2002
         and 2001, respectively. At December 31, 2003, future minimum rental
         commitments under noncancellable leases were as follows (in thousands):

            Year Ending
            December 31,                                           Amount
            ------------                                           ------

                2004.......................................       $   66
                2005.......................................           69
                2006.......................................           72
                2007.......................................           75
                2008.......................................           78
                Thereafter.................................           81
                                                                   -----

                                                                   $ 441
                                                                   =====

(5)   Deposits

      The aggregate amount of short-term jumbo time deposits, each with a
         minimum denomination of $100,000, was approximately $147.4 million and
         $140.6 million at December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

      At December 31, 2003, the scheduled maturities of time deposits were as
         follows (in thousands):

            Year Ending

                2004.......................................      $ 281,603
                2005.......................................         95,183
                2006.......................................         37,900
                2007.......................................         58,359
                2008.......................................         12,900
                                                                 ---------

                                                                 $ 485,945
                                                                 =========


                                       39
<PAGE>

(6)   Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank and Other Borrowings

      As of December 31, 2003, the Bank had $133.0 million in Federal Home Loan
         Bank of Atlanta ("FHLB") advances outstanding. These advances had a
         weighted-average interest rate of 5.40% and interest rates and
         maturities as follows ($ in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     At December 31,
                                                                 Interest            ---------------
         Year Ending December 31,                                  Rate             2003          2002
         ------------------------                                --------           ----          ----
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
            2003 ........................................          4.90%          $     --        10,000
            2003 ........................................          4.91%                --         6,000
            2003 ........................................          4.53%                --         5,000
            2003 ........................................          3.77%                --         5,000
            2003 ........................................          1.86%(A)             --         5,000
            2004 ........................................          6.05%            10,000        10,000
            2004 ........................................          3.76%            10,000        10,000
            2004 ........................................          3.39%             5,000         5,000
            2005 ........................................          6.39%(B)         20,000        20,000
            2005 ........................................          6.60%            13,500        13,500
            2005 ........................................          6.68%(B)         12,500        12,500
            2005 ........................................          6.31%(B)          7,000         7,000
            2005 ........................................          6.04%            10,000        10,000
            2005 ........................................          6.00%             6,000         6,000
            2006 ........................................          1.23%(A)          5,000         5,000
            2008 ........................................          2.98%(B)         15,000            --
            2009 ........................................          6.39%(B)         14,000        14,000
            2011 ........................................          4.44%(B)          5,000         5,000
                                                                                  --------      --------

                 Total ..................................                         $133,000       149,000
                                                                                  ========      ========
</TABLE>

      (A)   Adjustable Rate, this is rate at year-end.

      (B)   The FHLB has the option to convert to an adjustable rate in future
            years, at which time the Company has the option to prepay the
            advance without penalty.

      The security agreement with FHLB includes a blanket floating lien
         requiring the Bank to maintain first mortgage loans as pledged
         collateral in an amount equal to at least, when discounted at 75% of
         the unpaid principal balances, 100% of these advances. The FHLB stock
         is also pledged as collateral for these advances. At December 31, 2003,
         the Bank could borrow up to $116.9 million under the FHLB security
         agreement.

      The Bank has an $8.0 million line of credit facility with one of its
         correspondent banks under which the Bank may draw funds for daily
         liquidity. Borrowings under this line of credit must be repaid within
         five days. The line of credit bears a floating interest rate equal to
         the average federal funds rate and expires on June 30, 2004. As of
         December 31, 2003, the Bank has not used this line of credit.

      Other borrowed funds were composed of retail repurchase agreements with
         customers. The Company enters into retail repurchase agreements with
         customers in which the funds received are accounted for as borrowings
         to the Company. The total amount outstanding under these agreements at
         December 31, 2003 and 2002 were $17.8 million and $14.3 million,
         respectively. The Company pledged securities with a carrying value of
         $22.5 million and $18.7 million, respectively as collateral for these
         agreements at December 31, 2003 and 2002.


                                       40
<PAGE>

(7)   Junior Subordinated Debentures

      On September 26, 2002, the Trust sold adjustable-rate Trust Preferred
         Securities due September 26, 2032 in the aggregate principal amount of
         $5,000,000 (the "Capital Securities") in a pooled trust preferred
         securities offering. The interest rate on the Capital Securities
         adjusts quarterly, to a rate equal to the then current three-month
         London Interchange Bank Offering Rate ("LIBOR"), plus 340 basis points.
         In addition, the Holding Company contributed capital of $155,000 to the
         Trust for the purchase of the common securities of the Trust. The
         proceeds from these sales were paid to the Holding Company in exchange
         for $5,155,000 of its adjustable-rate Junior Subordinated Debentures
         (the "Debentures") due September 26, 2032. The Debentures have the same
         terms as the Capital Securities. The Holding Company then invested
         $3,000,000 as a capital contribution in the Bank. The sole asset of the
         Trust, the obligor on the Capital Securities, is the Debentures.

      The Holding Company has guaranteed the Trust's payment of distributions
         on, payments on any redemptions of, and any liquidation distribution
         with respect to, the Capital Securities. Cash distributions on both the
         Capital Securities and the Debentures are payable quarterly in arrears
         on March 26, June 26, September 26 and December 26 of each year.

      The Capital Securities are subject to mandatory redemption (i) in whole,
         but not in part, upon repayment of the Debentures at stated maturity
         or, at the option of the Holding Company, their earlier redemption in
         whole upon the occurrence of certain changes in the tax treatment or
         capital treatment of the Capital Securities, or a change in the law
         such that the Trust would be considered an Investment Company and (ii)
         in whole or in part at any time on or after September 26, 2007
         contemporaneously with the optional redemption by the Holding Company
         of the Debentures in whole or in part. The Debentures are redeemable
         prior to maturity at the option of the Holding Company (i) on or after
         September 26, 2007, in whole at any time or in part from time to time,
         or (ii) in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days following
         the occurrence and continuation of certain changes in the tax treatment
         or capital treatment of the Capital Securities, or a change in law such
         that the Trust would be considered an Investment Company, required to
         be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

      The Company has entered into a five year interest rate swap agreement that
         effectively converted the floating interest rate of these junior
         subordinated debentures into a fixed interest rate of 6.85%, thus
         reducing the impact of interest rate changes on future interest expense
         for the five year period. In accordance with SFAS 133, this interest
         rate swap qualifies as a cash flow hedge. The fair value of this
         interest rate swap is recorded as an asset or liability on the
         consolidated balance sheet with an offsetting entry recorded in other
         comprehensive income, net of the income tax effect. At December 31,
         2003 and 2002, the unrealized loss on the derivative instrument was
         $83,000 ($52,000 net of tax) and $120,000 ($75,000 net of tax),
         respectively.

(8)   Income Taxes

      The Holding Company files consolidated Federal and state income tax
         returns with the Bank and the Service Corporation. Income taxes are
         allocated proportionally to the Holding Company and each of the
         subsidiaries as though separate income tax returns were filed. First
         Alliance and the Trust file separate income tax returns.

      Income taxes are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                --------------------------------
                                                                 2003          2002        2001
                                                                 ----          ----        ----
                                                                         (In thousands)
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>         <C>
            Current ............................                $ 6,024        5,608       3,948
            Deferred ...........................                   (444)        (331)       (251)
                                                                -------      -------     -------

                                                                $ 5,580        5,277       3,697
                                                                =======      =======     =======
</TABLE>


                                       41
<PAGE>

      The effective tax rate on income before income taxes differs from the U.S.
         statutory rate of 35% for 2003 and 2002 and 34% for 2001. The following
         summary reconciles taxes at the U.S. statutory rate with the effective
         rates:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           2003                     2002                    2001
                                                     -----------------       -----------------       -----------------
                                                      Amount       %         Amount        %         Amount         %
                                                     -------      ----       -------      ----       -------      ----
                                                                              ($ in thousands)
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>
            Taxes on income at U.S.
                statutory rate .................     $ 5,155      35.0%      $ 4,940      35.0%      $ 3,395      34.0%
            State income taxes, net of
                federal tax benefit ............         527       3.6           477       3.4           341       3.4
            Graduated tax rates ................        (100)      (.7)         (100)      (.7)           --        --
            Other, net .........................          (2)       --           (40)      (.3)          (39)      (.4)
                                                     -------      ----       -------      ----       -------      ----

            Taxes on income at
                effective rates ................     $ 5,580      37.9%      $ 5,277      37.4%      $ 3,697      37.0%
                                                     =======      ====       =======      ====       =======      ====
</TABLE>

      Temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and
         tax bases of assets and liabilities that gave rise to significant
         portions of the deferred tax asset relate to the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  At December 31,
                                                                                             -------------------------
                                                                                              2003               2002
                                                                                              ----               ----
                                                                                                  (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                          <C>                 <C>
            Deferred tax assets:
                Allowance for loan losses ........................................           $ 2,100             1,825
                Accrued interest .................................................                55                27
                RRP incentive plan ...............................................                61                68
                Unrealized loss on derivative instrument .........................                31                45
                                                                                             -------           -------

            Gross deferred tax assets ............................................             2,247             1,965
                                                                                             -------           -------

            Deferred tax liabilities:
                FHLB stock dividends .............................................              (286)             (332)
                Building and land ................................................              (342)             (342)
                Accumulated depreciation .........................................              (156)             (363)
                Unrealized gain on securities available for sale .................              (211)             (428)
                Deferred loan costs ..............................................              (118)              (13)
                                                                                             -------           -------

            Gross deferred tax liabilities .......................................            (1,113)           (1,478)
                                                                                             -------           -------

            Net deferred tax asset ...............................................           $ 1,134               487
                                                                                             =======           =======
</TABLE>

      Retained earnings at December 31, 2003 and 2002 includes approximately
         $5.8 million for which no deferred federal income tax liability has
         been recognized. This amount represents an allocation of income to bad
         debt deductions for tax purposes only. Reduction of amounts so
         allocated for purposes other than tax bad debt losses or adjustments
         arising from carryback of net operating losses would create income for
         tax purposes only, which would be subject to the then current corporate
         income tax rate. The unrecorded deferred income tax liability on the
         above amount was approximately $2.2 million at December 31, 2003 and
         2002.


                                       42
<PAGE>

(9)   Financial Instruments

      The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
         risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of
         its customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in
         interest rates. These financial instruments are commitments to extend
         credit, unused lines of credit, undisbursed loans in process and
         standby letters of credit and may involve, to varying degrees, elements
         of credit and interest-rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in
         the consolidated balance sheet. The contract amounts of these
         instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in these
         financial instruments.

      The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by
         the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend
         credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments.
         The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments as it
         does for on-balance-sheet instruments.

      Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long
         as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
         Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination
         clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitments
         are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment
         amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The
         Company evaluates each customer's credit worthiness on a case-by-case
         basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by the
         Company upon extension of credit is based on management's credit
         evaluation of the counterparty.

      Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the
         Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.
         The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially
         the same as that involved in extending loans to customers.


                                       43
<PAGE>

      The estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments were as
         follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                At December 31, 2003            At December 31, 2002
                                                                --------------------            --------------------
                                                               Carrying          Fair          Carrying          Fair
                                                                Amount          Value           Amount           Value
                                                                ------          -----           ------           -----
                                                                                    (In thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>               <C>             <C>             <C>
            Financial assets:
                Cash and cash equivalents ..............      $  62,160          62,160          69,394          69,394
                Securities available for sale ..........         82,137          82,137          77,324          77,324
                Loans ..................................        767,987         771,028         735,338         739,329
                Accrued interest receivable ............          3,849           3,849           4,181           4,181
                Federal Home Loan Bank stock ...........          6,900           6,900           7,700           7,700

            Financial liabilities:
                Deposit liabilities ....................        705,589         708,854         668,058         674,925
                Advances from FHLB .....................        133,000         140,331         149,000         156,891
                Other borrowed funds ...................         17,786          17,786          14,303          14,303
                Junior subordinated debentures .........          5,155           5,155           5,155           5,155
            Derivatives:
                Interest rate swap (loss position) .....            (83)            (83)           (120)           (120)
</TABLE>

      Commitments to extend credit typically result in loans with a market
          interest rate when funded. A summary of the Company's financial
         instruments with off-balance-sheet risk at December 31, 2003, follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Notional      Carrying           Fair
                                                                    Amount        Amount            Value
                                                                             (In thousands)
<S>                                                                <C>                <C>              <C>
              Commitments to extend credit.................        $ 12,710            --              --
                                                                   ========       =======          ======

              Unused lines of credit.......................        $ 75,478            --              --
                                                                   ========       =======          ======

              Undisbursed portion of loans in process .....        $ 24,573            --              --
                                                                   ========       =======          ======

              Standby letters of credit....................       $   3,382            --              --
                                                                   ========       =======          ======
</TABLE>

(10)  Significant Group Concentration of Credit Risk

      The Company grants real estate, commercial and consumer loans to customers
         primarily in the State of Florida with the majority of such loans in
         the Lake, Sumter, Citrus and Marion County area. Therefore, the
         Company's exposure to credit risk is significantly affected by changes
         in the economy of the Lake, Sumter, Citrus and Marion County areas.

      The contractual amounts of credit related financial instruments such as
         commitments to extend credit represent the amounts of potential
         accounting loss should the contract be fully drawn upon, the customer
         default and the value of any existing collateral become worthless.


                                       44
<PAGE>

(11)  Related Parties

      Loans to directors and executive officers of the Company were made in the
         ordinary course of business and did not involve more than normal risk
         of collectibility or present other unfavorable features. Activity in
         loans to directors and executive officers were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year Ended
                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                    ---------------------
                                                                                     2003          2002
                                                                                     ----          ----
                                                                                        (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                 <C>             <C>
            Beginning balance ....................................                  $  8,307        6,785
            Loans originated .....................................                     2,546        5,401
            Principal repayments .................................                      (385)      (3,879)
                                                                                    --------     --------

                Ending balance ...................................                  $ 10,468        8,307
                                                                                    ========     ========
</TABLE>

      Other related party transactions which were made in the ordinary course of
         business were are follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                          -------------------------------
                                                                           2003         2002        2001
                                                                           ----         ----        ----
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
            Legal fees paid ................................              $  137          103          56
                                                                          ======       ======      ======
            Insurance premiums paid ........................              $  205          282         128
                                                                          ======       ======      ======
            Construction contracts paid ....................              $1,518        1,098          --
                                                                          ======       ======      ======
</TABLE>

(12)  Legal Contingencies

      Various legal claims also arise from time to time in the normal course of
         business which, in the opinion of management, will not have a material
         effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

(13)  Restrictions on Retained Earnings

      The Bank is subject to certain restrictions on the amount of dividends
         that it may declare without prior regulatory approval. At December 31,
         2003, approximately $28.6 million of retained earnings were available
         for dividend declaration without prior regulatory approval.

(14)  Regulatory Matters

      The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements
         administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum
         capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly
         additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken,
         could have a direct material effect on the Company's consolidated
         financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the
         regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet
         specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the
         Bank's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as
         calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank's capital
         amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgements
         by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors.

      Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy
         require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts (set forth in the table
         below) of total and Tier I capital (as defined in the regulations) to
         risk-weighted assets (as defined). Management believes, as of December
         31, 2003, that the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to
         which it is subject.

      As of December 31, 2003, the most recent notification from the OTS
         categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework
         for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized,
         the Bank must maintain minimum tangible, tier I (core), tier I
         (risk-based) and total risk-based capital ratios as set forth in the
         table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that
         management believes have changed the institution's category.


                                       45
<PAGE>

    The Bank's actual capital amounts and percentages at December 31, 2003 and
2002 are also presented in the tables.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                             To Be Well
                                                                                Minimum                     Capitalized
                                                                              For Capital                    For Prompt
                                                                                Adequacy                 Corrective Action
                                                     Actual                     Purposes                     Provisions
                                                ------------------         ------------------           -------------------
                                                 %         Amount           %          Amount            %         Amount
                                                ---      ---------         ---       --------           ---       --------
         As of December 31, 2003:                                           ($ in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>          <C>            <C>       <C>                <C>      <C>
         Stockholders' equity, and
             ratio to total assets.....         8.4%     $  79,165
         Less: investment in
             nonincludable
             subsidiary................                       (253)
         Unrealized gain on
             available-for-sale
             securities................                       (430)
                                                         ---------

         Tangible capital,
             and ratio to adjusted
             total assets..............         8.3%     $  78,482         1.5%      $ 14,217
                                                         =========                   ========

         Tier 1 (core) capital, and
             ratio to adjusted total
             assets....................         8.3%     $  78,482         3.0%      $ 28,435           5.0%     $ 47,391
                                                         =========                   ========                    ========

         Tier 1 capital, and ratio
             to risk-weighted assets...        12.3%        78,482         4.0%      $ 26,062           6.0%     $ 39,094
                                                                                     ========                    ========

         Less: nonincludable
             investment in 80%
             land loans................                         --

         Tier 2 capital (allowance for
             loan losses)..............                      5,426
                                                         ---------

         Total risk-based capital,
             and ratio to risk-
             weighted assets...........        13.2%     $  83,908         8.0%      $ 50,961          10.0%     $ 63,702
                                                         =========                   ========                    ========

         Total assets..................                  $ 948,503
                                                         =========

         Adjusted total assets.........                  $ 947,820
                                                         =========

         Risk-weighted assets..........                  $ 637,018
                                                         =========
</TABLE>


                                       46
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       To Be Well
                                                                           Minimum                    Capitalized
                                                                         For Capital                   For Prompt
                                                                           Adequacy                Corrective Action
                                                Actual                     Purposes                    Provisions
                                           -------------------         -----------------           -----------------
                                             %        Amount            %        Amount             %        Amount
                                           ----     ----------         ---      --------           ---      --------
         As of December 31, 2002:                                      ($ in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>          <C>            <C>      <C>                <C>      <C>
         Stockholders' equity, and
             ratio to total assets.....     7.9%    $   72,404
         Less: investment in
             nonincludable
             subsidiary................                   (518)
         Unrealized gain on
             available-for-sale
             securities................                   (747)
                                                    ----------

         Tangible capital,
             and ratio to adjusted
             total assets..............     7.8%    $   71,139         1.5%     $ 13,719
                                                    ==========                  ========

         Tier 1 (core) capital, and
             ratio to adjusted total
             assets....................     7.8%    $   71,139         3.0%     $ 27,439           5.0%     $ 45,731
                                                    ==========                  ========                    ========

         Tier 1 capital, and ratio
             to risk-weighted assets...    11.9%        71,139         4.0%     $ 23,897           6.0%     $ 35,846
                                                                                ========                    ========

         Less: nonincludable
             investment in 80%
             land loans................                   (499)

         Tier 2 capital (allowance for
             loan losses)..............                  5,005
                                                    ----------

         Total risk-based capital,
             and ratio to risk-
             weighted assets...........    12.7%    $   75,645         8.0%     $ 47,794          10.0%     $ 59,743
                                                    ==========                  ========                    ========

         Total assets..................             $  915,881
                                                    ==========

         Adjusted total assets.........             $  914,624
                                                    ==========

         Risk-weighted assets..........             $  597,427
                                                    ==========
</TABLE>


                                       47
<PAGE>

(15)  Conversion to Stock Savings Bank

      The Bank successfully completed a conversion from a federally chartered
         mutual savings association to a federally chartered stock savings bank
         on January 4, 1994 pursuant to the Plan of Conversion. The Plan of
         Conversion provided for the establishment of a Liquidation Account
         equal to the retained income of the Bank as of September 30, 1993 (the
         date of the most recent financial statement presented in the final
         conversion prospectus). The Liquidation Account is established to
         provide a limited priority claim to the assets of the Bank to
         qualifying depositors as of September 30, 1992 (Eligible Account
         Holders) who continue to maintain deposits in the Bank after
         conversion. In the unlikely event of a complete liquidation of the
         Bank, and only in such event, each Eligible Account Holder would
         receive from the Liquidation Account a liquidation distribution based
         on their proportionate share of the then total remaining qualifying
         deposits.

      Current regulations allow the Bank to pay dividends on its stock after the
         conversion if its regulatory capital would not thereby be reduced below
         the amount then required for the aforementioned Liquidation Account.
         Also, capital distribution regulations limit the Bank's ability to make
         capital distributions which include dividends, stock redemptions and
         repurchases, cash-out mergers, interest payments on certain convertible
         debt and other transactions charged to the capital account based on
         their capital level and supervisory condition.

(16)  401(k) Plan

      The Company has a single-employer 401(k) plan ("KSOP"). Under the KSOP,
         participation is open to all employees the month after hire date (for
         purposes of employer contributions, one year of service is required),
         and participants have twelve investment options, plus a Company stock
         fund. The Company makes a contribution of at least 3% of compensation
         (for all participants who have met the one-year of service
         requirement), which vests immediately. In addition, the Company will
         make a discretionary matching contribution (for all participants who
         have met the one-year of service requirement), which will vest after
         five years of service. For 2003, 2002 and 2001, the Board approved a
         matching contribution equal to 100% of employees' deferrals up to 3% of
         compensation. The Company also makes quarterly profit sharing
         contributions (more fully discussed below) in connection with the KSOP.
         Total contribution expense recognized by the Company under the KSOP
         during the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 were $765,000,
         $642,000 and $513,000, respectively. The amounts of employee and
         employer contributions under the KSOP, 401(k) and the ESOP are subject
         to IRS limitations.

      The Company makes quarterly profit-sharing contributions to the KSOP in
         amounts approved by the Board, and those contributions are allocated to
         the accounts of participating employees on a quarterly basis. Company
         profit-sharing contributions vest after five years of service. For
         2003, 2002 and 2001, the Board approved profit-sharing contributions
         equal to four percent (4%) of the Bank's operating net income, which
         were made after each quarter based on the actual results of the
         preceding quarter. During the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and
         2001, the Company made profit sharing contributions totaling $365,000,
         $312,000 and $231,000, respectively, to the KSOP. The Plan allows the
         Company to fund such KSOP contributions by either issuing shares, or
         purchasing the required number of shares on the open market. As these
         shares are allocated on a quarterly basis, the Company records
         compensation expense, and either an offsetting credit to capital (in
         the event that new shares are issued) or to cash (in the event that
         shares are purchased on the open market), equal to the current market
         price of the shares. The shares become outstanding for income per share
         computations when allocated.


                                       48
<PAGE>

(17)  Stock Benefit Plans

      Stock Option Plan. During 2002, the Company adopted a new stock option
         plan (the "2002 Plan") which authorizes the Company to issue up to
         375,000 shares (adjusted) in connection with options granted to
         directors, officers or employees of the Company. The terms and vesting
         periods will be determined as each option is granted, but the option
         price can not be less than the then current market value of the common
         stock at the grant date. No options have been granted under the 2002
         Plan.

         The Company also has a 1993 stock option plan (the "1993 Plan") under
         which 477,161 (adjusted) common shares were authorized to be issued in
         connection with options granted to directors, officers and employees of
         the Company. Options granted under the 1993 Plan are exercisable at the
         market price of the common stock at the date of grant. Such incentive
         stock options granted to officers and employees are exercisable in
         three equal annual installments, with the first installment becoming
         exercisable one year from the date of grant. Options granted to outside
         directors are exercisable immediately, but any common shares obtained
         from exercise of the options may not be sold prior to one year from the
         date of grant. All options expire at the earlier of ten years for
         officers and employees or twenty years for directors from the date of
         grant or one year following the date which the outside director,
         officer or employee ceases to serve in such capacity. During 2003, all
         remaining available options under the 1993 were granted.

         The following is a summary of option transactions (all options and
         exercise price information has been adjusted to reflect the
         three-for-two stock split in 2003): Weighted-

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Range of        Average
                                                                          Number           Exercise        Exercise
                                                                        of Options          Prices           Price
                                                                        ----------          ------           -----
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>                <C>
            Outstanding, December 31, 2000 .......................        277,272        $ 4.00-14.17          5.66
            Exercised ............................................        (76,960)          4.00-8.37          4.51
                                                                         --------

            Outstanding, December 31, 2001 .......................        200,312          4.00-14.17          6.01
            Exercised ............................................        (47,985)         4.00-10.83          4.69
                                                                         --------

            Outstanding, December 31, 2002 .......................        152,327          4.00-14.17          6.61
           Granted ..............................................         50,571               26.74         26.74
            Exercised ............................................        (32,102)         4.00-14.17          5.56
                                                                         --------

            Outstanding, December 31, 2003 .......................        170,796        $ 4.00-26.74       $ 12.61
                                                                         ========        ============       =======
</TABLE>

         The weighted-average remaining contractual life of the outstanding
         stock options at December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 was 9.7, 8.3 and 7.7
         years, respectively.


                                       49
<PAGE>

         The Company's outstanding stock options at December 31, 2003 are
         exercisable as follows:

                                                                     Weighted-
                                                                      Average
                During the Year Ended                 Number of      Exercise
                December 31,                           Options        Price
                                                      ---------      ---------

                  Currently exercisable..........      127,778       $   6.50
                  2004...........................       14,339          26.74
                  2005...........................       14,339          26.74
                  2006...........................       14,340          26.74
                                                       -------

                                                       170,796        $ 12.61
                                                       =======        =======

      Recognition and Retention Plan. The Company also has a Recognition and
         Retention Plan (the "RRP") under which 185,489 shares (adjusted) of the
         Company's common stock were reserved for grants to directors, officers
         and employees. The shares are granted in the form of restricted stock
         to be earned in three equal annual installments. If a holder of
         restricted stock under the RRP terminated employment for reasons other
         than death, disability, retirement or change of control in the Company,
         such employee forfeited all rights to any allocated shares which are
         still restricted. If termination is caused by death, disability,
         retirement or change in control of the Company, all allocated shares
         become unrestricted. Forfeitures are reallocated to eligible
         participants annually. At December 31, 2003, 3,020 (adjusted) shares
         remain reserved for future directors.

(18)  Stock Repurchase Program

      The Company has a stock repurchase program which allows the Company to
         acquire shares of the Company's common stock in the open market. The
         Company's Board of Directors approves the maximum amount of shares that
         can be acquired. During the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and
         2001, the Company repurchased 8,379, 12,648 and 19,936 shares,
         respectively under this program. At December 31, 2003, the Company
         currently holds 1,000,048 shares as treasury stock and can still
         repurchase an additional 232,673 under this program.

(19)  Dividend Reinvestment Plan

      The Company has a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "DRP"). The DRP provides
         stockholders of record of at least 50 shares with a convenient and
         economical way to automatically reinvest all or a portion of their cash
         dividends and to invest optional cash payments, subject to minimum and
         maximum purchase limitations, in additional shares of common stock.
         Stockholders pay no service charges or brokerage commissions for common
         stock purchased under the DRP. During the years ended December 31,
         2003, 2002 and 2001, 10,288, 8,772 and 19,341 shares of common stock,
         respectively, were purchased under the DRP, all of which were purchased
         in the open market.

(20)  Stock Split

      On February 14, 2003, the Board of Directors declared a three-for-two
         stock split on all outstanding common shares for shareholders of record
         on February 28, 2003, which were distributed on March 14, 2003.
         Stockholders received cash in lieu of fractional shares resulting from
         the split based on the closing price on the record date.


                                       50
<PAGE>

(21)  Parent Company Only Financial Statements

      Condensed financial statements of the Holding Company are presented below.
         Amounts shown as cash, investment in subsidiaries, loans to
         subsidiaries and equity in earnings of subsidiaries are eliminated in
         consolidation.

                            Condensed Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                At December 31,
                                                                                              --------------------
                                                                                               2003         2002
                                                                                               ----         ----
                                                                                                 (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                           <C>           <C>
            Assets

         Cash, deposited with subsidiary ..........................................           $ 1,491        1,720
         Investment in subsidiaries ...............................................            79,224       72,421
         Loans to subsidiaries ....................................................             1,550        1,850
         Other assets .............................................................               352          372
                                                                                              -------      -------

                 Total assets .....................................................           $82,617       76,363
                                                                                              =======      =======

             Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

         Junior subordinated debentures ...........................................             5,155        5,155
         Other liabilities ........................................................               106          146
         Stockholders' equity .....................................................            77,356       71,062
                                                                                              -------      -------

                 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity .......................           $82,617       76,363
                                                                                              =======      =======
</TABLE>

                         Condensed Statements of Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                                               -----------------------------------
                                                                                 2003          2002          2001
                                                                                 ----          ----          ----
                                                                                          (In thousands)
<S>                                                                            <C>              <C>          <C>
         Revenues ...................................................          $    34             60          130
         Expenses ...................................................             (410)          (205)        (160)
                                                                               -------        -------      -------

                 Loss before earnings of subsidiaries ...............             (376)          (145)         (30)
                 Earnings of subsidiaries ...........................            9,524          8,981        6,319
                                                                               -------        -------      -------

                 Net income .........................................          $ 9,148          8,836        6,289
                                                                               =======        =======      =======
</TABLE>


                                       51
<PAGE>

                       Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                                                                2003          2002            2001
                                                                                                ----          ----            ----
                                                                                                         (In thousands)
<S>                                                                                           <C>             <C>            <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net income ........................................................................       $ 9,148          8,836          6,289
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in
      operating activities:
        Equity in earnings of subsidiaries ............................................        (9,524)        (8,981)        (6,319)
        Net (increase) decrease in other, net .........................................           (38)          (376)             4
                                                                                              -------        -------        -------

            Net cash used in operating activities .....................................          (414)          (521)           (26)
                                                                                              -------        -------        -------

Cash flows from investing activities:
        Investment in subsidiaries ....................................................            --         (3,000)            (5)
        Cash dividends received from subsidiaries .....................................         2,400             --          2,700
        Repayment of loans to subsidiaries ............................................           300            650             --
                                                                                              -------        -------        -------

            Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities .......................         2,700         (2,350)         2,695
                                                                                              -------        -------        -------

Cash flows from financing activities:
        Proceeds from issuance of junior subordinated debentures ......................            --          5,155             --
        Purchase of treasury stock ....................................................          (246)          (320)          (362)
        Proceeds from issuance of stock ...............................................           217            284            345
        Cash dividends paid ...........................................................        (2,486)        (2,002)        (1,846)
                                                                                              -------        -------        -------

            Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities .......................        (2,515)         3,117         (1,863)
                                                                                              -------        -------        -------

Net (decrease) increase in cash .......................................................          (229)           246            806

Cash at beginning of year .............................................................         1,720          1,474            668
                                                                                              -------        -------        -------

Cash at end of year ...................................................................       $ 1,491          1,720          1,474
                                                                                              =======        =======        =======

Noncash investing and financing activities- Accumulated other comprehensive
    income:
        Net change in investment in subsidiaries due to net change in unrealized
            gain on securities available for sale, net of tax .........................       $  (362)           271            359
                                                                                              =======        =======        =======

        Net change in unrealized loss on derivative investment, net of tax ............       $    23            (75)            --
                                                                                              =======        =======        =======
</TABLE>


                                       52
<PAGE>

(22)  Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

      The following tables present summarized quarterly data (in thousands,
         except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Year Ended December 31, 2003
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              First          Second          Third         Fourth
                                                             Quarter         Quarter        Quarter        Quarter         Total
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------
<S>                                                          <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
            Interest income .........................        $ 13,577         13,329         12,906         13,028         52,840
            Interest expense ........................           6,542          6,317          5,926          5,822         24,607
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

            Net interest income .....................           7,035          7,012          6,980          7,206         28,233

            Provision for loan losses ...............             406            388            330            390          1,514
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------
            Net interest income after provision
                for loan losses .....................           6,629          6,624          6,650          6,816         26,719

            Noninterest income ......................           1,283          1,432          1,465          1,184          5,364
            Noninterest expense .....................          (4,122)        (4,263)        (4,435)        (4,535)       (17,355)
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

            Income before income taxes ..............           3,790          3,793          3,680          3,465         14,728

            Income taxes ............................           1,436          1,427          1,387          1,330          5,580
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

            Net income ..............................        $  2,354          2,366          2,293          2,135          9,148
                                                             ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

            Basic income per share ..................        $    .44            .44            .42            .40           1.70
                                                             ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

            Diluted income per share ................        $    .43            .43            .42            .39           1.67
                                                             ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Year Ended December 31, 2002
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              First          Second          Third         Fourth
                                                             Quarter         Quarter        Quarter        Quarter         Total
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------
<S>                                                          <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
            Interest income .........................        $ 13,868         14,143         14,434         14,088         56,533
            Interest expense ........................           7,491          7,284          7,577          7,131         29,483
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

            Net interest income .....................           6,377          6,859          6,857          6,957         27,050

            Provision for loan losses ...............             258            613            399            575          1,845
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------
            Net interest income after provision
                for loan losses .....................           6,119          6,246          6,458          6,382         25,205

            Noninterest income ......................             868            846            808          1,254          3,776
            Noninterest expense .....................          (3,444)        (3,597)        (3,774)        (4,053)       (14,868)
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

            Income before income taxes ..............           3,543          3,495          3,492          3,583         14,113

            Income taxes ............................           1,335          1,282          1,315          1,345          5,277
                                                             --------       --------       --------       --------       --------

            Net income ..............................        $  2,208          2,213          2,177          2,238          8,836
                                                             ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

            Basic income per share ..................        $    .42            .41            .41            .41           1.65
                                                             ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

            Diluted income per share ................        $    .41            .40            .40            .40           1.61
                                                             ========       ========       ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>


                                       53
<PAGE>

                          Independent Auditors' Report

FFLC Bancorp, Inc.
Leesburg, Florida:

      We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FFLC
Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2003 and 2002
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2003. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

      We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2003 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

      As discussed in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, in 2003, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board
Interpretation No. 46 "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities" as revised
in December, 2003. In accordance with this Interpretation, FFLC Statutory Trust
I is not consolidated in the financial statements of the Company. The Company
has also elected to adopt this Interpretation on a retroactive basis and
therefore, has restated its 2002 consolidated financial statements.


HACKER, JOHNSON & SMITH PA
Orlando, Florida
January 16, 2004


                                       54
<PAGE>

                               FFLC BANCORP, INC.

                             DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Directors:

Claron D. Wagner
Chairman of the Board

James P. Logan
Vice Chairman

Joseph J. Junod
Ted R. Ostrander, Jr.
H.D. Robuck, Jr.
Howard H. Hewitt
Stephen T. Kurtz
Paul K. Mueller

Advisory Directors:

James R. Gregg
James H. Herlong
Horace D. Robuck

Officers:

Stephen T. Kurtz
President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul K. Mueller
Executive Vice President and Treasurer

Sandra L. Rutschow
Vice President and Secretary

Occupation

President, Woody Wagner, Inc.

President/Owner, Logan Sitework Contractors, Inc.

Retired, General Manager, Avesta Sheffield Pipe
President, Lassiter-Ware, Inc.
Attorney; CEO, Ro-Mac Lumber & Supply, Inc.
President/Owner, Hewitt Construction Company
President, FFLC Bancorp, Inc. & Subsidiaries
Executive Vice President, FFLC Bancorp, Inc. & Subsidiaries

President, Jarol Company
Retired
President, Ro-Mac Lumber & Supply, Inc.


                                       55
<PAGE>

                           FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK
                                 OF LAKE COUNTY

                        DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND MANAGERS

DIRECTORS

Claron D. Wagner
Chairman of the Board

James P. Logan
Vice Chairman

Joseph J. Junod
Ted R. Ostrander, Jr.
H.D. Robuck, Jr.
Howard H. Hewitt
Stephen T. Kurtz
Paul K. Mueller

Advisory Directors
James R. Gregg
James H. Herlong
Horace D. Robuck

OFFICERS

Stephen T. Kurtz
President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul K. Mueller
Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer
and Treasurer

Dwight L. Hart
Senior Vice President and Mortgage Lending Manager

Joseph D. Cioppa
Senior Vice President and Commercial Lending Manager

Paul S. Allen
Senior Vice President, Audit, Planning and Budget

Jay R. Bartholomew
Senior Vice President and Retail Banking Manager

Brenda M. Grubb
Senior Vice President and Human Resources Manager

Robert R. Wedlock
Senior Vice President, Information Technology & Operations

Kimberly R. Bailey
Vice President and Spruce Creek Branch Manager

John A. Beaulieu
Vice President and Investment Officer

Susan L. Berkebile
Vice President and Area Loan Manager

Victoria M. Boren
Vice President and Branch Operations Manager

Michael J. Cox
Vice President and Area Loan Manager

Carrie C. Cribb
Vice President and Loan Officer

Jankie Dhanpat
Vice President, SEC Reporting & Controller

James D. Haug
Vice President and Lady Lake Branch Manager

Lawrence E. Hoag
Vice President and Operations Dept. Manager

Brian R. Hofer
Vice President and Commercial Loan Officer

Karen L. Hollister
Vice President and Loan Operations Manager

Tara A. Keane
Vice President and Lake Square Branch Manager

Rhea Ann Kennedy
Vice President and Loan Officer

Stephen G. Knowles
Vice President and Main Office Branch Manager and Loan Officer

B. Stan McCullars, Jr.
Vice President Finance

Dennis R. Rogers
Vice President, Wildwood Branch Manager and Area Loan Manager

Natalie L. Rojas
Vice President and Commercial Loan Portfolio Manager

Sandra L. Rutschow
Vice President and Corporate Secretary

Sandra L. Seaton
Vice President and South Leesburg Branch Manager and Area Loan Originator

Leigh S. Skehan
Vice President and Marketing Officer

Raynard S. (Ray) Taylor
Vice President and Commercial Loan Officer

Phillip P. Tompetrini
Vice President and Inverness Branch Manager

Donald E. Turner
Vice President and Commercial Loan Officer

Tara H. Wainwright
Vice President and Kings Ridge Branch Manager

Lynda F. Wemple
Vice President and Accounting Dept. Manager

Vickie S. Baxter
Assistant Vice President and Loan Officer

Donna L. Boyett
Assistant Vice President and Branch
Operations Coordinator

Craig S. Cannon
Loan Officer

Norma J. Caron
Assistant Vice President and Checking Department Manager

James M. Combs
Assistant Vice President and Indirect Loan Manager

Amy S. Conner
Investment Officer

Ginger L. Devine
Assistant Vice President and Compliance Officer

Jeffrey R. Dwiggins
Assistant Vice President and Sales Manager

Lori M. Farfaglia
Assistant Vice President and Fruitland Park & Main Street Branch Manager

Janet B. Farrar
Assistant Vice President and Branch
Operations Coordinator

Penny M. Hollis
Assistant Vice President and Security Officer

Cynthia M. Lay
Assistant Vice President and Service Bureau Coordinator and
Data Department Manager

Marilyn A. Leugers
Assistant Vice President and IRA Coordinator

Annette McCullough
Assistant Vice President and Secondary Market Manager

Sandra A. Rowe
Assistant Vice President and Loan Servicing Manager

Pamela S. Self
Assistant Vice President and Training Manager

Catherine M. Wallin
Assistant Vice President and Loan Officer

Mary R. Asher
Inverness Branch Office Manager

Dawn R. Davison
Escrow Manager

Karen A. Dixon
Crystal River Loan Officer

Tammie C. Martin
Bushnell Branch Manager

Deedee A. Dye
Lady Lake Branch Office Manager

Cinda K. Franklin
Citrus Ridge Branch Manager

Amy L. Griffin
Business Development Officer

Pamela S. Green
Main Street Branch Office Manager

Suzzette Herman
Fruitland Park Branch Office Manager

Jennifer J. Long
Spruce Creek Branch Office Manager

Fay E. Phillips
Clermont Branch Manager

Leslie A. Rocha
Kings Ridge Branch Office Manager

Carol A. Sieder
South Leesburg Branch Office Manager

Elizabeth M. Shaw
Crystal River Branch Manager

Juanita L. Taylor
Eustis Branch Office Manager

Margaret R. White
Main Office Branch Office Manager

Betty L. Wolcott
Facilities Management Officer and Purchasing Manager

Sylvie M. Zimmerman
Wildwood Branch Office Manager


                                       56
<PAGE>

                    FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK OF LAKE COUNTY
                     is Proud of the Outstanding Service its
           Employees Provide to the Community and the People it Serves

MAIN OFFICE & ADMINISTRATION:

Jamie L. Abbott
Paul S. Allen
Angela B. Allen
Emily C. Ashline
Jay R. Bartholomew
Kathy E. Bauer
Vickie S. Baxter
Charlotte Bennett
Beth A. Bennett
Victoria M. Boren
Barbara Boscana
Donna L. Boyett
Linda S. Brown
Deena M. Bryant
Janet R. Burgess
Tammy A. Calhoun
Janet M. Caloro
Norma J. Caron
Kim L. Chamblin
Dianna L. Christensen
Constance P. Christian
Joseph D. Cioppa
Ursula T. Colla
James M. Combs
Betty Jo Conklin
Amy S. Conner
Judith A. Cook
Diane S. Cook
Cheryl R. Coon
Carrie C. Cribb
Robert Cumm
James R. Cummings
Cheryl A. Davis
Dawn R. Davison
Lawashica M. Dawson
Ginger L. Devine
Carol A. Dewey
Jankie Dhanpat
Alma H. Dunbar
Mary A. Durre
Martha M. Duty
Jeffrey R. Dwiggins
Janet B. Farrar
Charlana M. Fenwick
Amanda M Forwerck
Terry J. French
Clifford H. Frizzell Jr.
June E. Gasbarra
Joan P. Gibson
Zoann Goodman
Dexter L. Graham
Amy L. Griffin
Brenda M. Grubb
Anna O. Harrop
Dwight L. Hart
Lynette N. Hipp
Lawrence E. Hoag
Carol B. Holley
Penny M. Hollis
Karen L. Hollister
Tonya Hudson
Cathy D. Hughes
James G. Humphrey
Janie W. Hunt
Mary C. Hurst
Doris E. Hyatt
Patricia B Inman
Bobby H. Inscoe
Jennifer D. Jennings
Sondra Jones
Mary T. King
Stephen G. Knowles
Connie Kolisnyk
Kenneth G. Kramer
Stephen T. Kurtz
Diane M. Lake
Nancy J. Lane
Cynthia M. Lay
Leslie A. Leach
Debra J. Lenhart
Marilyn A. Leugers
Angie R. Liston
Margaret H. Locke
Sharon R. Luke
Melissa Marsh
B. Stan McCullars, Jr.
Annette McCullough
Janet (Jaye) I. McIntosh
Tammy M. Mizell
Keri L. Morris
Tami Mosier
Paul K. Mueller
John R. Nelson
Shu Een Chen-Noble
Pamela A. O'Neal
Marquisa L. Parham
Tricka M. Parker
Tiffany L. Parks
Angela N. Phillips
Heather Ponsell
Linda L. Radtke
Shirley R. Randolph
Jonathan D. Reeder
Carla L. Rigdon
Natalie J. Rojas
Jennette L. Roode
Landa A. Rossman
Sandra A. Rowe
Marijulia Romero
Sandra L. Rutschow
James Schaeffer
Pamela S. Self
Chessa B. Shaw
Margaret Siegel
Traci A. Simanoski
Leigh S. Skehan
Claire M. Smith
Jill S. Spires
Lynn P. Stoffel
Raynard S. Taylor
Ernestine Thomas
Carolyn Torres
Danine M. Urban
Virginia D. Vann
Orpha M. Vogt
Catherine M. Wallin
Elena R. Webb
Robert R. Wedlock
Lynda F. Wemple
Margaret R. White
Sharon A.White
Rhonda L. Wilkerson
Joyce L. Williams
Catherine N. Williams
Betty L. Wolcott
Kristin L. Woods
Ryan M. Woods
Lisa K. Woolwine
Jeffrey W. Wright
Cathy J. Wrobleski
Lori R. Young

LADY LAKE OFFICE:

John A. Beaulieu
Karen L. Bednarik
Sonja K. Craig
Estelle E. Crawley
DeeDee A. Dye
James D. Haug
Constance L. Merrell-Kasch
Mindy L. Mueller
Terri L. Paquette
Brenda A. Simmons
Patricia L. Sizemore
Vanessa D. Wall
Betty T. Woods

MAIN STREET OFFICE:

Dawn C. Alexander
Janis L. Brown
Hilda A. Foster
Pamela S. Green
Brandy A. Harris
Susan J. Riggin

LAKE SQUARE MALL OFFICE:

Eileen M. Bitting
Tammy L. Dahl
Linda J. Giggey
Bethany A. Johnson
Tara A. Keane
Shannon J. Peters
Melissa M. White

CLERMONT OFFICE:

Dawn M. Ames
Susan Lynn Berkebile
Zaida I. Colon
Jessica L. Dixon
Birgit M. Fox
Donna L. Franklin
Linda C. Gallop
Judy L. Garafola
Brian R. Hofer
Sarah L. Liston
Susan M. Morin
Darcy R. Muniz
Fay E. Phillips
Anita Rodriguez
Melissa D. Schumm
Sharon M. Slack

EUSTIS OFFICE:

Dianne A. Allen
Monica E. Baron
Patricia L. Bartels
Amanda L. Collier
Michael J. Cox
Vivian R. Curry
Rhea Ann Kennedy
Lisa P. Lee
Brenda R. Mathews
Natasha L. Pender
Jeannine M. Rivera
Carolyn A. Rodgers
Tamika J. Rolle
Juanita L. Taylor
Karen E. Wright

WILDWOOD OFFICE:

Carla A. Benavidez
Susan C. Berry
Craig S. Cannon
Kathy A. Curtis
Dana L. Fields
Linda S. Finn
Latahna J. Green
Dennis R. Rogers
Holly D. Sanders
Wendy A. Then
Cathy H. Watson
Sylvie M. Zimmerman

SOUTH LEESBURG OFFICE:

Kari K. Caulk
Jennifer L. Grovesteen
Joanna L. Natal
Geraldine L. Burgio-Pilch
Sandra L. Seaton
Carol A. Sieder
Cristina P. Simmons
Tiffany C. Rodriguez
Rachel M. Smith

BUSHNELL OFFICE:

Dawn M. Greene
Betty J Hewett
Justin A. Holloway
Tammie C. Martin
Inge Pelfrey
Megan L. Sanders

FRUITLAND PARK OFFICE:

Lori M. Farfaglia
Cynthia M. Page
Suzzette Herman
Suzanne E. Shier
Jennifer A. Strow
Delphine C. Williams

INVERNESS OFFICE:

Mary R. Asher
Jamie R. Hemmendinger
Judith Lamontagne
Linda S. Rogers
Lillian G. Russo
Phil P. Tompetrini
Jolena Sanders

CITRUS RIDGE OFFICE:

Stephany M. Barr
Cinda K. Franklin
Christine M. Martinez
Barbara J. Reutter
Amanda N. Smeltzer
Sarah L. Williams
Melissa Ann Woodward

SPRUCE CREEK OFFICE:

Kimberly R. Bailey
Loretta A. Brown
Danielle L. Dilts
Sophia A. Hamilton
Crystal L. House
Jennifer J. Long
Connie J. Rhodes

KINGS RIDGE OFFICE:

Erma R. Moore
Detra M. Tracy
Leslie A. Rocha
Isabel Saldate
Tara H. Wainwright

CRYSTAL RIVER OFFICE:

Karen A. Dixon
Elaine Giammasi
Teresa A. Kuechle
Mitzi M. Parke
Elizabeth Shaw
Jaime D. Stewart
Donald E. Turner
Jeremy Wall


                                       57


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex31-1.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Stephen T. Kurtz, certify that:

1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FFLC Bancorp, Inc;

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
      of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
      statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
      were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
      report;

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
      information included in this report, fairly present in all material
      respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
      the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
      and have:

      (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
            disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
            supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
            registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
            to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
            period in which this report is being prepared;

      (b)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
            and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
            the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
            the end of the period covered by this report based on such
            evaluation; and

      (c)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
            control over financial reporting that occurred during the
            registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
            fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
            affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
            registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
      our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
      to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

      (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
            or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
            reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
            record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

      (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
            other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
            internal control over financial reporting.


      Date: March 11, 2004             By: /s/ Stephen T. Kurtz
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Stephen T. Kurtz, President and Chief
                                              Executive Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request.


                                       39

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex31-2.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Paul K. Mueller, certify that:

1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FFLC Bancorp, Inc;

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
      of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
      statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
      were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
      report;

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
      information included in this report, fairly present in all material
      respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
      the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
      and have:

      (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
            disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
            supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
            registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
            to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
            period in which this report is being prepared;

      (b)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
            and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
            the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
            the end of the period covered by this report based on such
            evaluation; and

      (c)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
            control over financial reporting that occurred during the
            registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
            fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
            affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
            registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
      our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
      to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

      (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
            or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
            reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
            record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

      (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
            other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
            internal control over financial reporting.


      Date: March 11, 2004        By: /s/ Paul K. Mueller
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                      Paul K. Mueller, Executive Vice President
                                          and Treasurer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request.


                                       40

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex32-1.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    Exhibit 32.1

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                                   AS ADDED BY
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

      In connection with the Annual Report of FFLC Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company")
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, Stephen T. Kurtz, President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.ss. 1350, as
added by ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1.    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
      of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.    To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.


Date: March 11, 2004               By: /s/ Stephen T. Kurtz
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Stephen T. Kurtz, President and Chief
                                          Executive Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


                                       41

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex32-2.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                             18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                                   AS ADDED BY
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

      In connection with the Annual Report of FFLC Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company")
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, Paul K. Mueller, Executive Vice
President and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.ss. 1350,
as added by ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1.    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
      of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.    To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report.


Date: March 11, 2004                    By: /s/ Paul K. Mueller
                                            ----------------------------------
                                            Paul K. Mueller, Executive Vice
                                               President and Treasurer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


                                       42

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
